Hey guys, it's Andre here at the NSM Peak Physique podcast. We've got a very special episode coming up entitled What Would Approved Do. In this episode, we'll break down the journey to earning an IFBV Procar. Chasing that first, the limpio qualification, the mental and physical challenges faced along the way, and how resilience, consistency, and trust and coaching can lead to success. And we've got a very special guest, which is IFBV Pro page words. And make sure that you guys follow and subscribe. We'll see you guys soon. You're listening to the Peak Physique podcast with Andre Adams. On the NSM podcast network. Hey, what's up everyone. Welcome back to another exciting episode of the NSM Peak Physique podcast. I'm your host, Andre Adams, NSM Master Trainer and IFBV Physique Olympian. Today's episode is titled What Would Approved Do. And I've got a very special guest that I'm going to mention in just a moment. But we're going to break down the journey to earning that IFBV Procar. Chasing that first, the limpio qualification, the mental and physical challenges faced along the way, and how resilience, consistency, and trust and coaching can lead you to success. So for the very first time here on the Peak Physique podcast, I'd like to answer in my good friend, IFBV Figure Pro page words. Page welcome to the show. Hello happy to be here. Yeah, so for you guys that don't know, page is one of our figure athletes. She's also opposing coach six times NPC figure and women's physique overall champ. And a CPA. So you know, you kind of remind me of when I was coming up, you know, as a full time mechanical engineer and senior product manager. IFBV Olympian, right? And we're kind of juggling all these things. So we're going to cover all those front topics in just a moment here. And then page two before we wrap today, I want to make sure that we also plug your blog because you've done a phenomenal job. You inspire me, capturing all that beautiful content about the journey and the process and what real life bodybuilding looks like. Yes, absolutely. Alright, so page, let's take it all the way back to the beginning here. We're going to go back before you and I even met. And I want to talk about those early experiences, you know, in the NPC kind of what fueled your drive, but most importantly, what was the spark that made you want to start competing. And what made you also choose the division, right? So figure in this case. Yeah, so back in college, I started weightlifting and how I got into weightlifting. I hated doing cardio and specifically running. I would make myself run on the treadmill for like 45 minutes or an hour at a time. And I absolutely hated every single second of it. And that was back around probably 2016 or so. And at that time, there was a big shift on Instagram relative to weightlifting and specifically women and weightlifting. And I saw a lot more people that I followed and just sell out more people in the fitness industry, getting into weightlifting and saying how they could eat more food. And they're lifting weights and they're getting stronger and they're transforming their bodies. And I thought that looks so cool. Is that looks like a lot more fun than what I was doing of literally just running on the treadmill and hating every single second of it. So with that, my boyfriend and seven now has been showed me the ropes in terms of how to weight lift. And I ended up following loved with the weightlifting aspect and kind of got deeper and deeper. You know, you see the tip of the iceberg and then you start learning everything beneath it of the nutrition and how to appropriately weightlifting. How to program a workout and you know different workouts splits and whatnot and so I started tracking my food doing the whole of it fits your macros approach and everything and my body started to transform. And with that I saw there was a couple people that I actually went to high school with that they did some bodybuilding competitions. That looks so cool. And I thought to myself, why am I already doing this weightlifting thing and I'm tracking my food and you know, I'm seeing my body change. So maybe I could do that. And again, back in 2016, 2017, I was a junior senior in college run that time and then I had one year of grad school in front of me. I didn't have the financial means to actually go full in higher coach and do a bodybuilding show until I graduated and started full time. And I think something with me is if I have the edge to do it. I just I just need to go for it and I need to see if I like it or not. And as soon as I started with a coach and I did my first show in 2019, I was hooked and that's that's kind of how I knew of yeah, this is this is definitely for me. And at the time in terms of how I picked figure it was more so I was interested in bikini, but I'll be completely honest at that time I wasn't necessarily comfortable with the bikini back close. And like the thought of doing that on stage was so intimidating to me. And so the other people that I went to high school that were doing bodybuilding competitions, the two females, they did figure. And so I was I had some familiarity with figure just the proximity of them and so I was like, well, all like how they look, I think they look, reach out pretty cool. And it's funny because some of my close friends back in the day they would give me some crap in terms of my linebacker shoulders, they would say I got in the shoulders. And full circle, figure that actually loads very well, who are having that with and kind of found out naturally as as I started training getting further into it. I actually had a pretty decent back so it ended up pretty well and I'm really glad that I did make that division because it fits my body very well. Yeah, and what I love about that story too page is that it all started with wanting to eat more food. And because at heart, I think we all want to eat food is one of the most common misconceptions for you guys out there that are maybe unfamiliar with bodybuilding and you know everyone thinks that we're, you know, because we're dieting, we're eating like rabbits. They're not a lot of calories and clean food. So trust me, especially in our growth phases, we are eating like I can tell you right now pages volume of food in her reverse and improvement phase is like double that of like an average guy right now. So yeah, it's very good and very frequently so sometimes you know, is funny like those are the things that kind of get you into the sport like, oh, I actually get to eat food and I get to lift heavy weights right. And you know, I think also just knowing what I know about your personality too because you and I are both type A's right we're analytic we get to track this data we get to see the results and measure those results and progress over time. And I think it fits your personality very well because we need that type of structure right I feel like I'm wondering aimlessly through life or I'm lost, I don't have that structure of like I got to have my five or six meals in I've got to you know get my gallon and half a water and I've got to do x y and z in the gym this week. So it fits your personality very well and I think you mentioned something else very important there too about like the tip of the iceberg everyone looks at it you know kind of superficial or on the surface we're looking at dieting and working out right that's kind of where we start. But it's this done in crewbar effect where the more you know the wiser you become you have this realization that I don't know anything right there's so much knowledge and complexity of the way that our bodies handle food and nutrition and my growing nutrition and you know the hormones that are going through our body how to those impact something like a physique outcome. So the the wise ones right coaches and athletes are the ones that realize that there's a whole other layer of information that you know really no one's 100% mastered right we're kind of learning as we go and applying. So I love it though you know you've got the right mindset for it and let's maybe give them a quick recap on you know right before we met. You were on your way to a national competition and I believe if I remember correctly was that your first national show. It was my second one but it. Maybe very well should have been my first one because my first one was the year par in 2022. I got fifth place and the rest five girls and fifth place the last place is definitely what I deserve so yes that was that was my first show and then yes right before we met I was going into my second second national show. Yeah so cool story what kind of recap this is always fun for me to tell so for you guys that have not followed the journey long enough and that that has to have been. Three years ago two and a half years ago tell them like that come here's your three yeah. So you know you're going to have to do that. Yeah so we met you middle of 2023 when we met and so page was on her way to this second national show. And she stopped by our contest prep headquarters here at you know staff at this convention Wisconsin. And I know we did an in-body scan we had a discussion I kind of where she was at you know what type of improvements and like let's just call it a needs analysis where I thought. And I know after that conversation. I felt that page was pretty inspired right for one I could tell she's got them right mindset she's going to go places. But two I was like let's see how she does international show though because I don't know she you know might do really well and want to continue down the path that she's on. But literally the morning after so page I don't know if you remember this but you hit me up the next day and you're like all right coach let's get this thing started. I want you to take over my prep and oh by the way I want to do the show next Saturday. And then the way by the way I want to also do two divisions because you had these this vision of doing women's physique which is kind of like a fun goal of yours right like still main focus figure but hey you know what I think I want to try this. I want to try this with this physique division so for you guys at a coach is or athletes you can imagine the pressure no pressure coach right it's like let's let's just figure your body out in six days and. And then you know what my first thought I could do not my very first thought was. Game on let's do it. That was a fun little puzzle so page why don't you share the results of that six days later what happened. Yeah well and I just have to say to from our first conversation to me actually sitting on the plane heading home from New Jersey is where I sent that text from. And then our face time of you know going through our game plan just the fact that you made me feel so inspired and so empowered. It was just you just gave me the feeling of like I can do anything I put my mind to and that's also the reason why I felt so confident in making the switch as well and knew that I was going to be in great hands because you need somebody that is going to inspire you and make you feel like you can literally. You can literally conquer anything in the world so that was the context and I think because of setting that tone going into that peak week. The outcome ended up being a double overall in both the women's figure and women's physique division which was just mind blowing to me as well because at that point. I had won one overall previously in 2021 but again with these national shows of getting fifth of fifth and then I think I got like 13th out of 23 girls or so at that national show that I was coming back from. I never thought that a double overall was even in the rumours my possibility so that was yeah absolutely incredible. It was and for you guys maybe that missed it this past weekend we were actually in this same venue so we've got a lot of memories there and I think page you and I probably have like five overalls in it building if I remember correctly. That was the first of many and you know it set the tone for what was to come so we did like literally less than a week prep really just dialing in reducing fatigue and then getting a little bit sharper through the legs right trying to bring more detail out through the quads and then making sure that we got her as full as possible going into the show. I'm just finding her posing and tweaking and you kept your women's physique the end of your posing routine as surprise for you to me. You hit the splits in that routine and I think a lot of people weren't expecting it and you know fast forward a year from there. You took the overalls again and you ended up winning. That's poseer I think it was for your women's physique routine right. Mm-hmm. Yep that's second show the year last year and first show of the year last year as well was also a bit of a surprise it was not planned. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do it yep this seven weeks before so. Yeah. We do we do we like to be spontaneous sometimes and you know what spontaneous has paid off for us sometimes you have this like perfect road map. And you've got this date in mind and it's like you do everything right and you don't do as well. So you know not telling everyone to go out there and just be spontaneous and not have a plan but sometimes you just got a trustry gut right. And when you feel really good about something your body's responding well sometimes you just got to go after it. So fast forward you know over the last two and a half years page was able to successfully take five additional NPC overalls between figure and women's physique. And let's talk about you know chasing that pro card right you and I started our nationals. Um, pro card run and it didn't take us long. In fact you almost got it on your first crack at it right we got run her out which. Gosh that was tough when it was close it was so close and I think it was tough one point. Yeah. One point a little different so one you know one additional judge cited in favor of. The other athlete right a lot of incredible athletes in the stage that day and we came up one point short but I want to pause to before we talk about. Actually getting the pro card you know just like think like the month after but we went through a rather emotionally challenging time around then to right because one reality that a lot of people don't talk about enough about is kind of like. You know self-esteem our motivation our mental state because in this sport we are literally putting ourselves out there to be judged right and this can get really hard whether it's by other athletes. When we're on stage we're being judged and you're on social media you're being judged and we actually had um you know a situation that we had to work through and navigate where there was just you know a lot of. Chaos in drama after one of the NPC shows right there were some disgruntled athletes and just a lot of nonsense circulating on social media and things like that. So what was one thing that maybe helped you get through that because I know a lot of other people listening to this episode right here have gone through something similar. Yeah so I'd say going into 2024 again I kind of alluded to I didn't know I didn't comprehend what was possible for myself and I guess the level that I was at. And so going into 2024 prior to working with Andre. I was more so doing this sport just for fun I guess you could say. I always wanted to get a pro card you know that was the goal in terms of deep down feasibility and having that as a reality and if I really believed in myself enough to get there that's probably the question. And so when I started winning you know these backed back overalls and just you know showing up to shows and just in just winning. I wasn't used to that feeling of winning and then I also wasn't used to again some of the. Clap back I guess you could say for mother people that you know maybe we're jealous or whatever was kind of stemming comments or drama and whatnot and so it's very hard for me to take that in and comprehend that and. Let the words that they were saying get in my head because some of those were you know she's not ready for a pro card or you know she's not even that good or whatever and she's not big enough or. She can't hang with these girls on the national stage and unfortunately I lot those words sink in more than what I realized because going into the first national last year which is NPC universe. I didn't even realize this until I was out there until kind of the competition started unfolding. But I went up for pre judging did my class you know wasn't wasn't like to stress or anything like thought it went well. But sometimes when it's a big lineup you can't you don't know exactly where you are in that line up it's hard to tell where you are in relation to everybody else. And so I got a stage you know, relax the days of call thinking I'm in I don't know six seven play something like that and I checked my phone and Andre texted me saying did you see where you were in the lineup. I said well no I was in the show I couldn't tell like a can't tell many people are on either side of me. I'm just trying to focus on posing a netball and over and he's like you're in the second place second or third place spot right now you you are in the running for a pro card. And like I. Daniel almost dropped my phone out of my hands as I'm walking back to my hotel room and I just stopped out of my tracks and I said what like that just it just never even cross my mind that I could even been in the mix or been competing for that pro card. And then I also realized oh my gosh I might win my pro card today. Oh my god I didn't even bring an outfit that I'd be happy to celebrate a pro card in and that's when it kind of sunk in and I realized. I counted myself out before I even got to New Jersey like I didn't even think I could win before I left and I it literally just didn't even occur to me until that very moment and then at that point it was like not mad at myself but it just lit this fire of. Okay stupid you got this like get out of your own head you don't have to second guess yourself don't listen to whatever anybody else is saying. own your own potential own every single opportunity. And then you have that confidence and know your worth and know that you belong up there so then after that competition we had three weeks until I PC USA's and that's where the fire was let and I lived every single day every single second of. That pro card is mine just manifesting in an every single way possible. Yeah it's self efficacy right the belief with full conviction that if I do the work the outcome will come right I'll be able to achieve this and it does take that they like and that's why we're strategic with our show is to will do those kind of tune up shows those build up shows where we're building confidence we're building momentum. Right you got to believe that what you're doing has a purpose and that you can achieve it and you're a perfect example of that I mean honestly I thought we were going to get the pro card that day and one beautiful thing about that. Is that one of the will say like that the haters or the critiques out there is that oh well pages are really good amateur but she doesn't have enough density to hang with you know the big girls on the national stage and one thing that you demonstrate there you were far from being the smallest girl in that first call out you were one of the biggest girls in that top five. That was that was like our. Wow fully crap we did this page like let's keep going right and I think it was Tyler to give us the feedback he was like Andre literally just bring her back just one percent tighter through the quads without losing her fullness and he's like I mean everything else is beautiful presentation was great posing is great. Really don't don't change much come back one percent tighter you know who's seeing Vegas or in LA and LA what in itself was an amazing amazing weekend you know we actually snack three out of four pro cards and it's one to remember so you know more of the story there is. I think that's the first thing that you know is believe with full conviction and you got to make sure that you're still executing and doing the work but going through the motions alone is not enough right you got to really believe and and accept the fact that you're ready for this you're ready to receive these blessings from the universe. That's a good segue to you know I want to get into a little bit of you know setbacks and failures things that help shape your mindset and I think that was huge part of it. But before we get there I want you to explain to our followers what the phrase what would a pro do means to you. So where did you come up with it what do you you know how does it inspire you and keep you motivated on the daily. Yeah yeah so this saying for me when I was an amateur I think is a big reason of how I've got to where I am now and how I continue to live an execute every single day. So essentially I heard someone say you know long time ago if you want to be a pro then you have to train like a pro eat like a pro do exactly what a pro would do because the funny thing is to. Having that I have to be pro title. Sure it it opens doors in the next level in terms of the level of competition you're competing at but when you look at my day to day life. Everything is exactly the same whether I was at the NPC level or now at the I have to be pro level because. You need to be executing all of your variables consistently every day and building up all of those daily wins over time and that's how you're going to. You're going to develop yourself develop your physique and actually make that progress working towards your best self your best goal and where you need to be done the line so for me it's a it's a daily reminder of. Executing every way that I can to become the best version of myself and something else I think about too is you know if I'm weighing options or trying to make a decision ultimately the question is. Is going to get you closer to your angle and you just have to stack up again like it's it's comes down to every single little decision that you make. Dacking up those wins over time and you're going to get you're going to get to your goal. Am I perfect absolutely not do I make mistakes absolutely all the time but the thing is one I learned from them. And I course correct going forward but also you have to again take a look at the bigger picture and if you have more wins. And then losses over time you're going to have an episode of and you're going to be able to work to that goal so. What would it produce it's it's at every single level and it's not just embody building it's an every aspect of life and and work in my relationships and. How I clean around the house it's you know it's all the it's how you do all the little things and executing those 100%. It's going to get you it's going to propel you and I request that to life. That's right it's it's the decisions right we are the combination of all the decisions that we make and those can really add up to some big things good or bad so I love that mindset and I think it resonates and that's probably probably why we clicked probably why we're both you know. First form athletes as well right because they have similar core values but do those little things with excellence and then always stop to ask yourself if you're in a. Difficult situation you're not sure you know which decision to make ask yourself what would have pro do and next year I think we're going to have to upgrade that to what wouldn't the living and do what do you think page. Oh boy just got chills thinking about it yeah. So it's about becoming you know what actions do I need to take today to become the person I need to be to reach the goal don't worry about reaching the goal what's the person I need to become to reach the goal right so what would have pro do. With that you know was there any moments throughout your entire career where you ever felt like giving up maybe this isn't for me you question yourself you know should I should I quit. And in those moments what did you do to push through. Yeah it's absolutely there was I mean more times than I can count that I wanted to quit or I feel like you know more for me to have just questioning like. Is it is that worth it and my good enough and am I going to get to my goals and for me my love for body building helps overcome overcome those like instances of just hardship or you know body building to there's so much sacrifice. And there's not you can find balance however there's not a lot of balance in terms of you can't eat whatever you want you can't just drop everything and you know take a spontaneous vacation when you're in prep and whatnot you have to play and I had for everything you have to pack your food. I have a very detailed schedule in terms of when I'm going to get all my workouts and everything so there's a lot of sacrifice that comes along with it but when I have those moments of doubt. I think back to everything that I've been able to accomplish and it's not even just like the overall wins or the pro card or whatnot. But you know it's each prep it's each off season it's every PR it's even just going to the gym and finishing a workout when I really don't want to I mentally exhausted or I'm physically exhausted or you know I have other family or personal things going on in my life and I just I don't let those things. keep me down and overcoming each one of those obstacles it's continuously proving to yourself that you can do this and execute and. I think the other thing too is. Nope now I just last but you're to thought. Yeah but I think it's it's really just showing yourself over time that you can do this and and it really is all worth it and. Also your your why has to be very strong to and that's that's also what's going to kind of carry you through those moments of doubt for me. A huge part of my why is showing other people that you can do the hard stuff in life and the things that again terrify you or that you think we're never possible for yourself. And showing yourself that and then showing others that and just inspiring and leading by example for me is huge so if I want to quit and if I do quit. Then what is that telling everybody else that they can give up on their goals and so leading by example and I mean for me to there's so many people that I watched coming up. And I think that's the way that you can do hard chips and struggles or you know losses in their family or whatever it was and seeing them over come it also gave me the strength so being able to give that strength to other people as well. Has been a huge motivator and it relates my fire on on a daily basis honestly. Yeah and we never know the people that we're inspiring right there's a lot of people following your journey. I think that's not even a thing twice but not even aware but you might be that one thing that's like helping guide them through a tough time so all that advice is excellent you know for people who are maybe falling short of their pro card maybe they have lost their why they you know it becomes work for them or become stressful for them. But you got to bring it back to the beginning why did I start down this path in the first place well you started down this path because you like working out you like being in shape you like maybe motivating those around you are helping other people going to shape. And when you root yourself in that framework you're going to be very successful for a lot longer right versus just chasing you know extrinsic things like a trophy which is nice don't give me long give me wrong I love me some trophies but that's not like the driving purpose right. The trophy for us is maybe like it's a secondary external validation right of like okay I'm accomplishing I'm progressing I'm doing better I'm accomplishing goals and checking boxes. But really you know it's our body and it's the people around us and it's the other things we're accomplishing in life that really matter most so remember your why if you guys are thinking about quitting and and you know you're not sure if this is for you if this is something you love doing your passion about it. Just put your all into it and maybe you just don't have the right coach maybe you don't have the right support system around you could be at home. You know you got to find that and in pages that's actually one thing we should touch on is you know something that we've built is community. And I think the support group the support system and circle of people we have like even in our team atoms network. Is vital to success like you're not on island you're not doing this by yourself you've got a whole team of people that are able to relate to you able to help motivate you on the days you don't feel like doing the work. How would you say that that's maybe benefit you or push to you differently than like your previous. Perhaps you know prior to team atoms. Yeah, it's a having the support community around me is huge you know having those people that you can relate to. Bodybuilding we're we're such a niche sport and a niche community and you know when I explain what I do to friends and family or co workers or whatnot. I am very very very very fortunate for having a very supportive and understanding support system for friends family and co workers. But when you're able to connect on just another level with other bodybuilders that get it and can relate to eating your cold chicken and broccoli and waking up at the crack at dawn to get in your cardio for an hour and then going to the gym for two hours and getting in more cardio and you know again of all the sacrifices that we make and all the. I'll say unique nuance things that we do and packing our food and just all the little things and for me eating mustard salads and whatnot. It's it's really helpful to have those people that you can connect and relate to and also share those struggles with. Because sharing the struggles again with people that aren't in the bodybuilding space. They can be supportive and they can tell you oh you got this you know you're almost there you can get through that cardio which is appreciated. But when you're venting to somebody that has been through that and has had like a day and prep where their energy is just tanked and they can barely put one foot from the other and now they're supposed to do 25 minutes of hit. In between their you know busy schedules and work and having everything else going on. When they tell you you got this you can push through. It resonates on such a deeper level so just having that sense of community is huge and the other thing I would say to is don't be afraid to share that you're struggling. I got neither with your drugs sports system or if you have other people within the industry and whatnot because I'm. I like say I'm a tough cookie Andrea knows this I tell him to push me harder I'm like run me into the ground take away on my food let's do more cardio let's let's do everything kind of thing and I don't always put myself first in terms of what I need physically and mentally and I just don't even acknowledge that I'm struggling sometimes so being able to. Tell people that you're struggling and just let that out for me I found that to be super helpful as well and just accepting. The help and support goes a huge a huge long way to. Yeah isn't it crazy it's like the same thing that makes us bodybuilding champions. Is the same thing that can you know ultimately run our bodies into the ground or be a weakness later on so it's like the stubbornness being bullheaded right the ability to just plow. Through because we're so disciplined right I don't care from tired on care from sore hungry I'm just going to pull those through this but then those are the things that sometimes set us up for failure later so. That's one thing maybe this is a good segue to talk about like even this year right this was your rookie pro season. Let's do like a quick kind of highlight because this was a aggressive timeline during the on season and mostly due to work so. You know we'll kind of circle back to like balancing you know work as a CPA and professional side but prep itself was pretty aggressive this year only because of the timeline and the level of competition right like we knew we can't come in here. The same way that we did for like an NPC show we've got to be significantly improved from where you were at during that pro card win. To be competitive on the pro stage and because of that we had to push a lot harder right the demands the inputs of prep were significantly more aggressive than other times in the past now if we would have had. 24 weeks to just like take our time and you know it's really kind of coast in the prep. A little bit different picture but the reality is there's oftentimes shows that we feel our strategic maybe they're just they're in our backyard like Chicago pro or maybe they're shows that we feel like all right. This show would be a really good fit for where you're at right now we think this love of competition the judging count whatever it might be and so that can kind of set our timeline. And things that we did to help manage not hitting emotional burnout not hitting physical burnout we trapped a lot of data so we told you guys earlier we're both type A's we love us some data and some of those things that we talked about in a recent episode with Dr. Indy Vaskas. For you guys that don't know we had a case example if you watched the YouTube video and page was actually our case example so the cats out of the back. But when we look at you know HRV trends resting heart rate trends what I was monitoring for page in this aggressive prep were signs and symptoms that we're approaching burnout or overreach. Whenever we did that right if we had three consecutive days where HRV starting to tank resting heart rate is starting to increase this gives us good insights that her. Adrenals and you know her central nervous system are not able to necessarily keep up with the demands of prep and so we would do those car bumps and. And the major is a very happy person whenever I would tell her page all right on day 30 I want you to add next to 40 to 50 grams of carbs. Believe me she was she was all smiles so but the main thing that we observed which is so fascinating is when we look at pages data as soon as we would reintroduce the carbs. Then we would see the heart rate variability actually skyrocket again resting heart rate homes itself back down and we're able to very very directly control not hitting that overreach. Now the tricky thing we talked about this at our seminar yesterday with actually call was sir but the tricky thing for page. We had like three or four major things happening at once one was let's prevent burnout two was let's get leaner through the legs per the judges feedback three was let's add density and get fuller through the upper body per the judges feedback right. So we have like all these major. Contrary indicated goals that we had to juggle and the effects of that was really getting. Surgeon with her nutrition her timing her rest days her car briefy days so car cycling if you will and the result was pretty amazing so throughout this process again just monitoring pages recovery and avoiding burnout. Her blood work actually looked really really good coming out of prep this season and one of the most rarest things that dr. and i have seen with all the athletes that we've worked with. Is page you are one of the first to actually hit true mixed oxidation with your mineral balancing and not only we're are you one of the first to do that but we did it while in the most aggressive prep of your life which is insane to me so. You know more of that story too is like there's a lot of things that we can monitor and track and support even during like aggressive prepped to make sure that our athletes are not burning out and you know page were a couple months I think we said nine weeks post show right now. About halfway into our full reverse improvement phase and I don't know if these you know if our viewers have been following if not go to pages Instagram. But her reverse is one of the best I've seen so far. I mean you're actually up we did your in body scan yesterday you're up like six to seven pounds of muscle. I mean the most recent body fat is like still close to stage which is insane so how are we feeling close show and how's your body him and all the extra food and you know just tell us how you're feeling. Yeah physically mentally feeling very good and even at the talent of prep. It was a very aggressive prep. I was honestly surprised I didn't feel worse and when I worked with my previous coach like I've had worse perhaps I before I sort of work with Andre. I felt that I had been proud like and that I just thought that's how it is like you just feel you know zapped of energy all the time and like you just can't you know your lifts are hard everything's hard you got brain fog everything is just difficult kind of thing and with the previous coach too. We pushed me harder took away more carbs brought up more cardio and physically I didn't I've looked a lot worse and I've been able to come in so much pressure fuller but still having that conditioning and then as I mentioned ending a prep feeling good and having my test results show that as well is kind of mind blowing honestly and it just speaks to you know when you're able to balance and manage those variables it makes a tremendous difference and that carried on into my off season for sure as well and I've also executed the plan the best that I have in a reverse phase which I think also just helped you know keeping my body and so sensitive and. Your hungry post shell like reverse diets are hard for many reasons one because you don't have the dry goal in front of yourself but too because your body's time you to eat. It's saying I'm hungry feed me and you're saying no not yet we need to do this slowly over time and decreasing all those output variables. Because I've been able to execute on that and stay very consistent on that my energy is just increased even more. I am feeling so strong in the gym all my lifts are you know I'm hitting k-r's feeling great sleep is so much better. Again, I didn't have much brain fog towards any way but now my brain is functioning as it should and I think the biggest thing to is just the energy that I have day to day. I see it now even in my YouTube videos as I'm filming those and editing those so. I just have a different level of energy to help that I did during prep that's that's 100% sure. Yeah, for sure and you're putting that energy to good use and other quick things I'll sprinkle in there too on top of all the testing and the monitoring and the check ins pages been very very consistent with self care or huge on that you know when we're coaching. So you've done like I think with Dr. Ben right you've done a lot of the. Stimther p-dry needling and body work type of things to help keep your body functioning and just really self assessing like all right. I'm feeling off I'm feeling you know my hamstrings type my shoulders tight like you're getting ahead of it instead of waiting until it becomes an imbalance or an actual injury later on. Also a very very integral part and then even just a little things that you can do at home for all you listeners out there self care strategies some of our favorites will just list them off we're going to do things like red light. Therapy we're going to do up some salt fats we're going to do infrared sauna there again right there's a lot of very inexpensive things that you can do right from home to keep your body functioning at those optimal levels. So I know we're running a little bit short on time, but I want to make sure we squeeze this next point in because it's an important one, maybe the most important one is how do you balance your professional life and we'll just throw home life in there too professional in home life with the demands of crap and training and all this good stuff is bodybuilders. Yeah, it's been an evolving process of learning how to do it and I've learned along the way that you cannot give 100% to everything for a long time. I didn't I wouldn't let myself realize that and comprehend that and I would try to again give a 100% to work and a 100% bodybuilding and still try to show up for my friends my family my husband and everything. And you have to realize that there are different seasons and phases of life. So when I'm in prep that that takes priority. And for me, I plan my crops around the busier time, certain work. So I work in public accounting as an auditor. I don't do taxes have to say that every, every one thing that you do taxes, but I have busier time during the year depending on when my clients are filing. And so I plan ahead of time when I'm going to have the prep where I can dedicate the time that I need to into the prep inputs and then when I'm not in prep. Then I have more capacity to give to my friends and family or give to work or give to those other aspects. So it's a lot of give and take. And it's also for me again type a type a plus plus I would say I had a very rigid schedule and so whatever that looks like for you setting up your systems in place in order to proactively manage your workflow and what you have happening during the week. Plotted out on your calendar, put your workouts in your calendar, hold yourself accountable to that and for me too, another thing that I've learned and gotten a lot better at is things take a lot longer than you imagine that they're going to. So making sure that you allocate enough time ahead of time to get everything done and don't over schedule yourself. And schedule time for those self-care activities because if your take is empty you can't take care of yourself you can't take other people care of other people you can't show up for your work your friends your family your everything so you do have to take care of yourself along with everybody else. That's right and that's excellent advice guys it's it's a juggling it's a balancing act you know I've been there too as you know back when I started as a single dad with two baby girls right my girls were one in three back then. Now I was working full time was in engineer traveling trying to go back to night school trying to coach a few people and then trying to prep for the Olympia. And you will tend to burn yourself out like so to pages point these things, absinit they haven't flow right you've got to be able to adapt and give yourself a hundred percent to each one of these things at some point because if you spread yourself to thin you're just going to not really do well at anything right. So you got to find that happy balance and the key takeaways from all that is really patience consistency and then focusing on mental toughness. Page setbacks are not the end right it's the foundation of success and I think your journey proves that perseverance and belief in the process can lead to the ultimate breakthrough by elevating both mind and body. And page where we're going to wrap up in a moment here and tell our followers where they can find you but before we do that I want to see a women's physique front of a bicep we're going to have a. All YouTube watches give me your best front of a bicep page. All right let's see if I still have it. I still have it in me. Yeah there it is. All right. All right so page tell our followers where they can find you give them your Instagram your your YouTube because I really want to make sure that we get your vlog out there it's a really fun series. Yes, yes, so both Instagram tiktok in YouTube or all page words underscore ifbb pro and on all the social media platforms and yeah I've been putting out vlogs every single week still been doing it all the way through the prepping and now into the oxies and so I'd love to have you guys falling along I've I talk a lot about mindset on there I share how I manage my busy schedule and get it all done and I'm here to lead by example and help you guys with your journey so if you have any questions if you're struggling with anything. My DMs are always open. So feel free to reach out I'm more than happy to share my insight with you guys as well. All right thank you page and guys make sure you head on over there and check her out because again you're going to learn all kind of fun stuff and page doesn't excellent job of highlighting a lot of the day to day things that go into a bodybuilding prep because it's not just pump an iron and slamming protein shakes right it's all about. Real decisions that we have to make in a daily basis to prepare for these things so check her out and then you guys of course know where to find me you can find me on both Instagram and YouTube at Andre Adams underscore official. You can also email me at training by Dre at gmail.com and then you can get a hold of me either through Andre Adams official dot com or my alternate website which is just team Adams prep dot com and if you guys learned anything new today if you enjoyed this episode. Please do us a favor and share with at least one friend that you think might benefit from this content and let's inspire them to get in shape and keep it going guys thank you all so much for joining in to the NSM peak physique podcast we will see you guys soon. you