Hey guys, it's Coach Andrey Adams here. I'm so excited for you guys to listen into this next episode. It's an update on our biochemical therapy or mineral balancing with Dr. Indigo Vesquez. We're going to be breaking down HTMA client progress and status updates. Case examples. What are those strategic actions and tools we're using for our athletes? And again, just how can we optimize total performance, health and wellness, especially on prep? I hope you guys really enjoy this episode. Be sure to like, follow and subscribe, and we'll see you guys soon. New year listening to the Peak Physique podcast with Andre Adams on the NASM podcast network. Hey everyone and welcome back to another exciting episode of the NASM Peak Physique podcast. I'm your host, Andre Adams, NASM Master Trainer and IFBB Physique Olympian. If you guys recall a few episodes back, we've had a very good friend of mine on and we were talking about mineral balancing, HTMA analysis, which is heritage, mineral analysis, and also what we like to call biochemical therapy. So today we've got a special treat for you. I'm welcoming back to the show, Dr. Indigo Vesquez and we're going to break down everything you need to know about HTMA. Welcome back, Dr. Indie. How are we feeling? Good. Happy to be here. Yeah, you know, I think in back it's been around a year or so since we did that first episode and I know we did like one little kind of, you know, status check in. I think I used myself as the case example there. We talked about metabolic oxidation types and you know, just high level, what does mineral balancing do? How can we apply to athletes? So I'd say over the last year and a half, you and I have learned quite a bit. And I'm excited to share our case examples today. So we've seen some fantastic improvements, some really neat recombs. It's going to be fun to show everyone the numbers. Yeah, for sure. And for you guys that are watching on YouTube for this episode, you're in for a special treat because we actually prepared a slide deck so you can also get a visual as we're talking through some of these statistics and things that we've been focusing on with our athletes over the past year and a half. With that, we're going to dive right in. We've got our slide deck put together and again today we're going to really classify this as biochemical therapy. It is high level doctor and why do we call it biochemical therapy? Because we are really working with biochemistry, right? We are putting together very complex simple. I think in my mind, it may be superficially simple, but it's very complex metabolic support. And it is from biochemistry. Yeah, and you know, there's that one chart. I know you've sent this to me recently where it shows all the different minerals and your interactions. And if you guys are interested, this is fascinating stuff, depending on how deep down the rabbit hole you want to go. But you can always email us after this too. Dr. Indy and myself would be more than happy to share some additional information on all this fun stuff. So just pre-fapping, you know, you guys know who I am obviously. But now I hope you know who Dr. Indy is. And together, we've been building something really special with our mineral balancing group that we've been working on, which is not exclusive to athletes. But we've been shifting our focus this year specifically on integrating these practices into our competition preps for athletes. So over a few of what we're going to cover today, we're going to recap HTML client progress and tracking. I'm so excited to share some of those examples from this year. Several of those are our own athletes and others that, you know, maybe are just really good case examples to follow because we do get a variety of people that come to us with different issues. However, although everyone is unique and different, we do start to see certain trends and common denominators among athletes. So we'll dive into case examples what strategic actions did we take based off of what we're seeing on those intake tests. And then what are those test tools and resources look like, where do we start, right? When somebody's just not feeling good or they're struggling out prep, what tests can be run and shared with your provider practitioner to get to the root cause, right? That's what we're here for. All right, so with that, indeed, the way I'd like to kick it off today is going into progress tracking. So we've got two clients that we've identified. One is myself. I'm going to take that male client because again, you guys have been following my journey for the last year or so and it's kind of fun to show the updates of, you know, real data. What are we doing with this and how are we moving the needle? How is everybody feeling and what are those most importantly? What are those physique outcomes? So client one is actually a female client, one of our athletes. We're going to talk about, you know, prep background and then just prep is some of the issues coming into prep this year. But also throughout a very aggressive prep. We had some challenges and timelines and things like this, you know, that caused some other symptoms downstream like GI distress, you know, some outliers and the health biomarkers. So we're going to talk about what did we identify in those patterns, what were our testing methods and then most importantly what practical solutions did we implement throughout the course of prep. All right, so for that one, I'm going to have you take us away on this one, indeed. Let's let's talk about this particular patient kind of where she started at and throughout prep, you and I will talk about from your perspective, my perspective. My perspective, what things did we do to help manage, you know, her stress and keep her progressing. Yes, and I see this a lot in. Well, both male and female athletes where we start in fast oxidation and what that means is that the body is still keeping up with the demands of stress. You can see on the initial test that the calcium and magnesium was a little bit approaching the low side. So we we were strategic about, you know, how much fat we gave this athlete how we supplemented. We knew that she was going into a pretty aggressive prep. I think the next couple of months moving forward after this test, it had become pretty aggressive. And as a result, when we when we retested, we saw her start to slip into the slower oxidation, which means her metabolism was going into a preservation mode. Her digestion was slowing down energy was kind of running out essentially. And we were able to to transition her supplements into a more strict strategized slow oxidizer slow oxidizer and help her digestion and help keep her feeling energized and recomping well responding to. Yeah, and this is an iterative process. So for us, we're part of that healing team where we worked together to help athletes and each client really navigate these challenges on prep. Because for one, every prep you do is going to be different. You're going to run in a different physiological responses different time sensitivity. This is a perfect example of where, you know, a very aggressive work schedule kind of dictated a very short. And we're going to have a consider a short prep timeline this year. And we'll talk about kind of starting an ending points to us. We get later on to the slide deck, but we had roughly 35 to 40 pounds of weight loss. We had to get off in about 12 weeks. That's a tough prep, right? And this is where an I can be approached age, not a regional NPC stage. So to in these point, like things that we're looking for, we almost expect some of this shift to happen with the metabolic oxidation type. And for you, it's, it's a matter of looking at not just the levels of each of these minerals, but also the ratios. And this can help you identify what the stress responses and where are we trending, right? How can we avoid burnout or overreach? Yes, and you can actually see in the test in this fast oxidizer state that calcium to potassium ratio. You see how those bubbles are in that low range. That tells me and it's counterintuitive as we've, you know, learned that this tells me that the thyroid is actually keeping up with the demand of stress at this time. However, we're approaching, you know, metabolic imbalance. Then you can see on the slow oxidizer side, calcium to potassium, see how those bubbles are in the high range. That means that the thyroid is no longer able to keep up with the demand of stress. So it seems counterintuitive, right? However, we were able to adjust supplements to help her thyroid stay working optimized. I like to call it hot metabolism. You could see right there. The actual, the right underneath the sodium to magnesium ratio. It slipped. You see how that. And now it's in the low range. So we had to dive into more adrenal support, aggressive thyroid support. So it's really neat to see. No guessing. You know, you could be very strategized. And this, my friends, is the importance of retesting every three months. Because we could put together the perfect strategy for you while you're in this fast oxidation oxidizer state. But three to six months goes by and you start to slip into mixed or slow oxidation, right? And so we can get ahead of it by, you know, retesting. Otherwise, we might be continuing our therapy from the fast oxidizer state and it's just not appropriate for you anymore. And it gets stuck. Yeah, you can actually even see we had suspected that there might be some GI distress, you know, and we could see that in that phosphorus level, which I think is really, really neat. That in in that fast oxidation state, see how close line the optimized line that phosphorus level is moving into slow oxidation, see how it start to come down. And so we said, okay, let's be mindful. If you start to have some GI distress, you're not going to the bathroom every day. And this is exactly why and this is exactly how to correct it. Yeah, and this is good because again, it gives us as coaches and practitioners the chance to be proactive instead of always reactive, right, on aggressive 12 week prep. We don't want to put ourselves in a position where four weeks out, we're waiting for symptoms to hit and then trying to play catch up. When we can see these things coming down the pipeline, phosphorus is tanking, right? We're starting to see sodium and potassium dumping from the drain oils. This is a situation where we actually didn't see a huge spike in calcium, but oftentimes we'll see that as well, right, calcium, shell, starting to approach. We can get ahead of things before they become bigger issues. So this is like, this is our roadmap, I like to say, you know, between this, our blood work, our human body, these are all tools that are very affordable. And if you're working with a good practitioner team, you can really elevate your prep to the next level. So we talked about this particular athlete shifting from fast into slow oxidation during really the early to mid part of this aggressive prep. And, you know, she is one tough cookie. It doesn't matter how hard it is, she's one of those athletes that's going to grind it out and do what is good done. And I'm in the tores for that myself, but the reality is we can only put so much demand and stress on our body. And to your point after we've exhausted that buffer, you know, we start to actually approach overreaching and burn out or, you know, even if you're mentally able to push through, you just stop getting the result. Your body no longer is dropping weight, your holding inflammation, your chronic disorder, you know, you started to muscle ways. So now yeah, go ahead, Indie, how can you do that? I was thinking, especially in the female athlete, the female physiology is so much more complex, metabolically and hormonally than the male athlete. We, I'm not saying anything aside, you know, like we're not saying there, you guys aren't complex, but we know that the female is just so susceptible to stress because of the requirement and adrenal reserve to maintain a hormone health and digestion thyroid health. So this is an amazing form slowing down and ideally eliminating the need for serious hormone repair after you come off stage. Absolutely. And we like to support that even during prep. So a lot of people always ask us this question when we present on this topic, is it okay for me to start mineral balancing and should I be addressing these things now during prep or do I need to wait until after. And the short answer is yes, we can start immediately, you know, even though yes, it's a bit counterintuitive, a lot of times some of these things we might need to address more in the off season when we're trying to restore like HPO, HPA hormone access. Obviously, if we're placing this heavy demand of inputs, right, high training, high cardio intensity and volume. We're putting this stress on our body, but that doesn't mean we can't continue to support it. And then also, you know, this slide is a good representation of how we might recalibrate the diet to correspond with recurrent oxidizer state. So initially, she was in fast oxidation for that one, it's going to be a little bit higher percentage fats in her macronutrition, lower percentage carbs or carps cycling and then you know moderate normal proteins. However, if we would have kept on that strategy, those high fats would not do her much good when she's a slow oxidizer. Right, we're trying to sneak that and think back up. Yeah, and she was feeling that a little bit, there was a little bit of fatigue setting in, there was a little bit, you know, there was a little bit, I mean, she's not a complainer. But there were some feedback to suggest that we needed to shift and low and behold, we got the retest back and as suspected, it was time for a shift. So yeah, it's. And that's our job, too, right? It's it's not just us telling athletes, we have to do this, we have to do that. It's teaching athletes to be self aware of how you're feeling, being tuned with your body. You should assess yourself every day. And my, you know, chronically sore, am I recovered today? Do I feel, you know, extremely inflamed all week long? So this type of feedback loop gives us, you know, more insights and then we were smarter, more intelligent about what we're adjusting in their protocols or diet. And to your point, you know, when she reached out and started to notice, hey, you know, I feel like I may be not recovering as quickly as I was earlier in prep. And we did the updated HTML as we just showed and we started to realize, ah, there's actually a lot of potential upside here. And we did the right this diet around a slow oxidizer protocol and long story short, some of those changes included carpe cycling. So instead of because got to remember what's job number one, get you fat free and stage condition, right? We got to get lean first and foremost, no athlete, whether you feel good or bad wants to get on stage fat or not lean, right? That's embarrassing. And I have to be pro, that's our career. So that's tends to take precedence, which is not always a good thing because we do end up running our bodies into the ground. But once we modified that, we made those adjustments. We went to a very strategic carpe cycle. I'll give some specific examples there on days that we needed to chase conditioning specifically in the lower body, which is not uncommon for women due to estrogens. We would actually do depletion work out. So high volume, moderate intensity, chasing depletion for legs and glutes, especially through the quads, right? Or any pro division. We want to make sure we have definitely some good separation and density in those quads. And so what we would do then, the judge has actually gave us feedback that they wanted to see more fullness in the upper body. So we recalibrated the diet, strategically pulled carbs out on her depletion days for lower body, and then added them back in on her upper body days. And it really balanced her physique. I'm going to actually show the in-body scan as a result of that because she ended up adding an extra two to three pounds of muscle up top where we needed it while depleting the body fat that was stored in the legs. But the other benefit of that and in the LSU talk to this, by strategically adding those carbs as we're approaching the burnout, what benefits does that give an athlete, you know, from an adrenal and, you know, just an overall, you know, recovery. Yes, so in slow oxidation, your body needs the glucose. It needs the carbohydrates to convert thyroid hormone into that active thyroid hormone. We need to support adrenal balance, which is, you know, yes, of course, we're going to talk about blood sugar regulation blood sugar balance, but a little bit higher carb, especially in slow oxidation when your body is working on preserving energy encourages your metabolism to feel safer. And then your metabolism is going to allow for recomp because you're giving it that strategy behind refeiting the carbohydrates. Yeah, and from an aesthetic physique standpoint, refeiting those carbs also helps fill you back out, right? It floods the muscles back with glycogen again. And, you know, we've got to hit that one to two times a week. For me, things that I look for, which will show in subsequent slides here are some of those biomarkers. So we want to push as hard as we can until we start to see two or more consecutive days of approaching overreach where HRB is starting to tank, you know, our HR resting heart rate is starting to come up, which is not good. And so we're keeping a pulse on how is our recovery and our central nervous system responding. So those are things I would say the more advanced side of prep that I don't think a lot of people are thinking about yet, but we're going to change that. That's why I'm presenting here today. That's the girl. That's right. So recap, and you know, slow oxidizer protocol generally does better with higher carbs, less fats, more stimulating supplements, aggressive gut support, right? We want to make sure we're avoiding a lot of the GI distress and slow gastric emptying and indigestion. And then more rest in recovery. So that's got to be strategic obviously when you're mid-prepereers, you know, for those six weeks out from a pro show. One of they say no rest for the wicked, right? We've got a balance achieving the proper caloric deficit. So we have to have enough energy output. But at the same time, we need to strategically do it. And things that we'll see too is on the in-body, for example, I'm going to point out a few data points where when we were approaching those overreach moments as this client was speaking up, we actually see a little bit of muscle wasting. And I know this is not the topic for today, but I want to talk about when we're approaching overreach like that. Let's weigh in on why we tend to avoid it overdoing fasted cardio when we're seeing burnout patterns. We're seeing high cortisol spikes excessively high. We're seeing muscle wasting on the in-body for two to three-day to points. So let's talk about why would we potentially shift some of that morning fasted cardio to later in the day or post meal one? Yeah, for me, it's going to be protecting the energy requirement for maintaining muscle, right? So there's so much energy that your body puts towards maintaining that muscle. And if we're in a slow oxidizer state, we are already preserving muscle. We're excuse me, preserving energy and the body is not going to put much energy towards preserving muscle. It's going to metabolize, it's going to say, well, we need to maybe store energy and put that towards body fat. Adjusting case, our brain and our liver and our heart needs energy in the future. So for me, it's going to be preserving muscle through, you know, strategically feeding the body. So I don't know how, what's your, yeah, no that's exactly right. And you see it all the time because we hear the horror stories of athletes that are like, hey, everything was going great, but then, you know, my progress started to plateau. So, you know, my coach pulled more calories down there at nine under calories in the cardio. Now they're doing two, two and a half hours of cardio on top of their lifting. And instead of progress, what we see is this real fact goes up, skeletal muscle goes down, for semi-body. As a protected mechanism. Yeah, it's, it's in famine mode, right? And so that's where these things like strategic refeeds or car bumps sporadically is restarting approach that phase is actually going to give you a boost in insulin sensitivity. And it's going to give you a boost in left-in sensitivity and other hormone signaling to keep your body anabolic, right? We don't want to be breaking down amino acids from lean muscle tissue and converting into glucose, which is ultimately what happened. So that's one of the reasons that we do tend to limit or actually, we start to rotate or face out some aggressive fastocardio a couple weeks out from show when possible to try and avoid those extreme excessive cortisol spikes and muscle wasting. Moving forward with bio-meters. Yeah, I love this chart. So these are some of the tools that we use and we're analytical. This particular client also loves data so it works out perfect. But just kind of highlights recapping what we talked about. This data set is actually from the last pro show date to, I think, early this past week. And the reason that I chose this selection is to show how the body responds to carbs and less training inputs. So again, when we're approaching over each or burn out even if it's mid-prep we schedule D-load weeks or D-load days, you know, refeed days. We might bring calories up to maintenance for 48 hours. The reason we're doing this is to again give some support to those adrenals, central nervous system and hormone signaling. And if I look at this, use four charts here, right? Let's start on the bottom left. We've got resting heart rate. You know, with resting heart rate immediately, you see on August 17th as soon as those refeeds were introduced, post show what happens. We see this huge decline in RHR which means her body is recovering. Her central nervous system started in the calm down and simultaneously we see the HRB inversely proportional, right? We get this starting line up and she's actually got a beautiful HRB. I wish me a surprise. Yes, my goodness. Amazing. We can have all the other stuff. But it plays the how fast your body can respond, especially coming out of a show, right? We're hypersensitive to all kinds of things. And when we reintroduce food, we did taper down, actually about 10 days out. We were between shows for this particular one. We peaked out beautifully, which you'll see in a moment, but we taper down all of our cardio and training inputs 30 to 40 percent. And then obviously not training one day out, not training on show day, of course. And then just taking one to two days complete, reload after the show. But the woops scores, right? You see those recovery scores shoot up. I mean, she's floating around 100 percent there the last couple days, which we haven't seen that for a couple months. Beautiful, beautiful day to see. So I encourage you guys that are listening. If you've got your smart wearables, you've got fit fit Apple Watch, Garmin or Ring any of these things. Track your data and try this out. Go through maybe three or four really low carb, depletion days, push yourself in the gym, you know, add in your higher Montecario volume, track your scores. They should, you should see them start to trend in an unfavorable direction, typically. But when you have that refeed, I want you to pay attention to what happens, especially for staying good and hydrated and getting good sleep on top of that. And you should notice all of these trends shifting back to right directions again. All right, and this one, I just threw in here for fun. Same client here, we looked at, you know, increase. So I'll just summarize here the takeaways. We're an increase in skeleton muscle. But if you look at the bottom left, which was, you know, dating back to probably around early January. And you know, I don't know where I want to say through late spring early summer. You see the body fat trending down from 21.2 down to 12% what? It took a little dip in muscle mass, right? And this is what we were fighting because of the aggressive timeline. We have to get the weight off, right? No matter what, we got to make sure that we're at least in shape coming into the show. Very tight timeline and it's a balancing act. We got to push harder here. Oh, we need more delts. Oh, gosh, the judge told us we need more quads. So we got to push harder on these areas. But at the same time, we got to boost up your recovery. It's kind of counter-intuitive. So this is where you and I had to get surgical with a strategic carb strategic minerals. You know, all of our, let's highlight some of our self-care strategies because that's a huge role in here. Uh, breath work. We got red light therapy. Good to have some salt baths. We got to have red glamour contrast therapy. Mm-hmm. Yeah, we want hormidic, right? We don't, we want hormisis. We don't want like sauna for instance for this, for this client is, you know, 10, 15 minutes. We don't want to spend 30 minutes or hard sauna. We want to condition the adrenals to feel safe and a gentle sauna. Morning sunlight exposure. The breath work legs up the wall. She did it. She did all of it. Yeah, and it helped. I don't think we would have had such a successful reason without those. And here's the beauty in it in that really challenging prep. If we look at the gap from the last two data points, so, you know, the most recent one being the scan on the right, which was just last week. And we see the muscle shoot back up from 62 to 6, almost 66 pounds. So through and half four pounds of muscle in a cut in a cleric deficit. And at the same time, body fat came down from 12% down to 8. And this was about one to two weeks post show. So she was somewhere in the mid-Savans on stage, which is insane to think about is, you know, in a cleric deficit where you're able to literally grow, build muscle into the show. And I put some notes there because this was just fun. If you look at the segmental lean analysis, that's going to be our muscle distribution. And you see, on the left, it was a little bit more in line top to bottom, which normally sounds like a good thing, right? We're like, all right, we're pretty symmetric. Well, proportion top to bottom. However, the judges gave us very specific feedback. They wanted more fullness. They wanted bigger upper body for the pro stage. And so you can see that huge shift. You see about two pounds of extra muscle on the right, all in the upper body, which is lats, shoulders and arms. So, you know, just taking their advice, different volumes and frequencies, different training intensities for upper versus lower. If we look at the lower, you know, I think the body fat might have got cut off on here, but we had about 2.6 pounds of body fat in the right leg, left leg, back at that last data point. And then we look at the most current one. And it dropped all the way down to like 1.5 pounds or something. So, pretty much cut it in half and broader in super tight, which you guys can see here, right? So, roughly three shows, plus one gas posing appearance over that 20 weeks span. So, you know, four, five months here, right? March through August, I believe. And you can see a 40 pound weight difference, which is just, you've been saying to think about, right? And you see from the front side back, we're checking all the boxes. And you can really see it illustrated here when we're talking about upper body fullness, even though on the in body in this case, it shows upper body dominance. aesthetically, it's not dominant. She's very balanced, very well proportioned. If anything, could probably go even bigger on the upper body. So, these are the things that we're looking at, all these tiny little details that get an athlete from 0.8 to 0.8. So, key takeaways there, we'll highlight before we move on, is prep summary again. Roughly 20 weeks, we did three I-BV Pro shows, we did one gas posing appearance in there just for fun. Starting weight was run, 162 pounds coming out of off season, and we finished at 122, actually the prep low was about 119 pounds. But we wanted it to be good and full for those last couple of shows. So, filled her out on stage, 122 pounds, net loss, 40 pounds. And that's what I would call a moderately aggressive pace for you guys that have taken the PVC course. You know that we target somewhere around 0.5 to 1.5 percent weight loss per week on an average prep. If this one we had to get more aggressive to me, timelines, and it was 1.5 to 2 pounds weight loss per week. Starting body fat percentage was 23 percent. We finished at 7 to 8 percent, roughly a 15 percent body fat reduction, which is right in that sweet spot at 0.5 to 1. So it was 0.75 percent body fat reduction per week consistently. And it's fun. I actually should have showed her weight increase and losses over the last two to three seasons. Because it's so repeatable, it's beautiful to see. Like we go back to 2022 or 2023, you see this nice linear growth post show coming up from like 120 pounds to 155.6 that first season. And then a nice linear gradual cut into the show. This one we had to have a much steeper cut coming back into the show. But we produced the correct result and we would not have been able to do that without mineral bounty and a lot of the other things we implemented. Yeah, I remember I don't know if bloods I can't remember if bloods are on this these slide decks, but oh my gosh, I saw those bloodlabs and I was like. Looks so good. In fact, you know, even speaking of bloodlabs, and it will do a very quick highlight of my own, you know, changes. And I remember this year for you guys that followed along, I went to Hong Kong, shot some content for one of my sponsors out there at Spideons. And I did a cut. I did a mini prep for about eight weeks for that. And my blood work looks so good before and after I was, I was thrilled. So, you know, we again, it's being proactive, not reactive and waiting for damage. We'll leave this one with those summary notes. Again, shortly, aggressive prep due to restrict that timelines mostly driven by work. Aggressively supported recovery energy hormones. We and we get this a lot, but HPO and HPA acts as especially for our females, but this is for anybody. Very important to us to make sure that we're supporting correct hormone function. Left in an insulin signaling. Again, we don't want to have burnout and make our bodies hypersensitive to fat gain coming out of the show. So all of these things were very strategically at it. Mineral balancing, carpsightling, strategic delos, definitely had some refeeds. Who doesn't like refeeds? And then, you know, using those biomarkers and then, of course, weekly check-ins. And that open feedback loop that we have with our athletes to communicate how they're feeling, energy digestion, progress, all that good stuff. But we recommend also coming out of the show for you guys that maybe are still new to this. I like HTMA and Bloodwork. I like the time it 4 to 6 weeks post show. You could do it immediately post show. However, there might be some erroneous things just from the extreme, you know, prep and goose stress the tapping in the body. But for me, I've realized that about 4 to 6 weeks is my sweet spot where my body's stable there. And I think it's more representative of where I'm at. All right, so client 2, we'll, we'll kind of speed through mine. We don't need to go into the detail. We're going to go through this. So you guys remember, I was in fast oxidation and the one on the left actually that HTMA, and it gave me kind of just quick highlights, you know, the copper and the humidity levels or whatnot that might affect my prep. Yes, so we could see true copper deficiency in your initial mineral test. And I think that's probably going to be something that we experienced forever, never. However, we could, you know, your body was really fighting hard to keep up with the demands that you were approaching all four highs. The first four macro minerals high where you are in a volatile state at that point where we're really sensitive metabolic layer. You're not sensitive, but your metabolism was. And so we actually, we had to take quite a bit of supplement out. I think it was feeding a little bit of metabolic imbalance. So we did some strategy behind your macros. We put you on more paths. We gave you, you know, more copper rich foods. We gave you copper. We took away your vitamin C, the zinc, that sort of thing to condition your metabolism a little bit. And it took us about, I'm guessing this was a year. Yeah, one more year. And this is your in mixed oxidant oxidation, which it actually mixed fast oxidation. And I prefer a client or a patient to be a mixed fast oxidation because you're a little bit a fast a little bit slow. Your, your central nervous system is in a balanced state. You're not spider flight. If you go and you, you experience a stress, you're back in the parasipyphetic dominance pretty easily. You can see that in your calcium defosphorus ratio on the bottom there on that right side, how it's in an ideal zone. That's profoundly to a metabolism to recovery, the muscle building. So you're currently in a perfect state. I saw that. And I was like, oh my gosh, of course. Yes. And this is, this is the beauty. And so recapping for you guys, we're trying to push everyone into, you know, towards that kind of mixed oxidation state. Or we're not swinging the pendulum one way or the other to one extreme end. And I can tell you that my energy feels good, you know, right now I'm not actively prepping for anything yet. And we ain't done yet. But I feel good. And again, it's all about balance right now. So there's some things that you find out about yourself that you're, to doctor in these point, you may have to continue to work on from now to forever. It's no different than a physico, right? If you weren't blessed as a bikini competitor with great glutes, you might be chasing upper glutes or glutes that entity for the rest of your career. So it's no different with the mineral balance, right? Especially given certain lifestyle factors, habits, genetics. But this is why we're always pushing towards that mixed oxidation state. Yes, and we're never done, right? We're always chasing the improvement. That's right. So this is actually a really good breakdown. We're kind of some of your summary notes when we look at specific minerals, you know, previous to current, where, where did that change occur? And then what's the interpretation like, what does that mean, right? If there's any, I know you covered some of them there, but if there's any that really stand out here, you know, related to insulin sensitivity. At the high-ride function, right? So selenium actually went up, which indicated better thyroid conversion that detox pathways. And that is very intentional because I take my selenium every single day. The copper that one I struggle with, and you know, some of it in the beginning was also the inhibition due to high amounts of zinc and vitamin C. And it's, you know, it's one that I think confuses or a lot of people are shocked when they hear that not everyone should be taking high dose vitamin C and zinc. And it's just so marketed that way, right, for immune supplements and cold and flu season, but route is that you could be causing further damage and inhibiting progress in other areas. Right, exactly. And for you, the big one we focused on is your central nervous system, you know, in terms of copper. I don't know. I think there's probably maybe like a genetics to rule a plasma protein thing that is going to be a forever focus. But you could see that through mineral balancing that thyroid potential increased your insulin sensitivity increased. We improved your body's ability to recover and manage stress. And I think that's profound. I mean, we both speak to having a buffer around the nervous system where high functioning individuals where we have families. And we, you know, we are in prep and we have to be ideal in our job. It can wear you down, but if you have a buffer around your nervous system, if you take care of your metabolism, if you're strategic, if you're recovery, your brain and body will give you the output that you're asking it to without detriment. So this is profoundly to to that where you strategize, you can still be, you know, gangster and everything always. However, there's no serious damage associated with it. Right, right. And it depends on everyone's goals, you know, but I think everyone on this planet definitely struggles with energy at times. We all struggle with digestion at times, right. And everyone wants to look and feel their best. So all of these things that we're adjusting ideally are going to help balance your energy and, you know, force your body to just work better as a system. And there's so much, so for you guys that maybe haven't heard about a biochemical group, our mineral balancing group. So deep down the rabbit hole on other things that are just related to overall health and wellness, whether it just be, you know, homeopathic things it might be grounding could be breath work, it could be peptide therapies. Yes, by herbs and spices, there's so many fun things. So we again encourage you guys just, you know, connect with us ask questions. Actions taken on this one. We won't spend too much time here, but you know, looking again at those improvements, calcium dropped right. So again, we're not approaching calcium shell. This is a good thing. Chromion and selenium had increased, which means better blood sugar, utilization and management, better detox potential. And we've had a few other ratios that moved favorably. And then a few things we'll call that still need work, right. Kind of some homework for me to continue during this therapy. So the adrenal cocktails, too, those are really good earlier on this this chat. We talked about, you know, spiking cortisol to high, due to fast, fast cardio and high amount of cardio. Or hitting the afternoon wall where you just all of a sudden fall off a cliff and you're extremely fatigued. The adrenal cocktails are something that you can definitely add in to help buffer cortisol, some torture or journals from burning out. And you can do these up to one to two times a day. You know, and there's different recipes too. We've actually got a very low sugar one, where you can put some low sugar coconut, water, some red and sea salt. But you want basically to support with potassium and sodium, obviously hydration and electrolytes. And that's going to help just jump start your adrenos and again buffer some of that cortisol. So it's very good stuff there. And phosphorus, touch on that one because that one was important for me. Yeah, so we saw actually an increase in cold walls and a decrease in phosphorus, which told us that there was due to the energy expenditure. Lower protein synthesis, right? So the proteins that you were consuming may have not been broken down very well. It may have caused some GI distress. So we were able to pivot there and make sure that we supplemented strategically. And then of course make sure that the proteins that you're eating were being allocated towards the goal that we were working towards. Exactly. If you're not getting good digestion and uptake, we're not putting those nutrients to use. And then we're ultimately not absorbing and going to see the results. All right. If you guys are just joining us, this is the peak physique podcast. And we've got doctor Indigo Vasquez aka doctor Indie on the call today. And we're doing some catch up recapping all of the movement that we've seen this year in our biochemical therapy or HTML mineral balancing group. So we've got some really good case examples that we want to highlight here. We went through a couple full progress updates from myself and one of our elite athletes. And this one I want to take a moment to acknowledge some of the scenarios that we get right and these are these are difficult complex things. So we definitely have to put our heads together to kind of peel back the layers of that onion and figure out what the best strategy, the best test and ultimately formulate a solution. So scenario one here, one of our relatively new female elite athletes, new to us, not new to being an elite athlete. Some of the conditions that we seen in this individual when she came to us. Hypothyroidism, Hashimoto, so some autoimmune issues, chronic fatigue and inflammation, energy libido issues, definitely some food and GI sensitivities. Hypothyroidal macumenaria, they're all the weight loss, insulin resistance, definitely some cravings which tells me that there's probably a bit of left and resistance. And most of these things are likely prep induced from past aggressive preps that just didn't address or support these things throughout the course. Then of course the rebound right coming out of those shows for not supporting all of these things, your hormone signaling and restoring each of those axes. You can get yourself into some long-term chronic situations which is what we're seeing here. So let's start with this individual and I think the first thing is, you know, we've identified the symptoms. And for you and I, the next step is let's figure out what tests we want to do to help find what the root cause of each of these symptoms. Yeah, so we ran a host of tests. And I believe if this is the individual we're thinking of that most of those tests came back shockingly kind of balanced, right, where the cortisol, the dironyl pattern didn't look terrible. You know, there was some inflammation, sure, yes, but where was that coming from? And we go deeper and we do a mineral test, which is three months of metabolic debt versus a snippet in time. And we could see that there is a severe calcium shell. And no, I mean, you could do all of the stimulants in the world, all of the things that to help with weight loss and gut it. But if we don't break that calcium shell, which is very, very heavy calcium loss, this individual will not feel better. She will not, her energy will remain low. It is a protective state. So we say, okay, we're going to focus on all of these things in the future, but first before we do any of that, we have got to break this calcium shell, which might take a little bit of time. But when we do that, her metabolism is going to feel so good, her gut is going to feel so good. She's just going to feel like she used to before her body went into this deep preservation mode. Yeah, and it's crazy. You mentioned, you know, just kind of feeling good and then the gut. And we talk about it sometimes, but I don't think it's talk about enough. Talk about the brain gut access. If you're not feeling good, you're also going to slow gastric emptying. You're going to have high cortisol. You're going to have poor digestion and these things are connected. So if we can start to chip away and we get the gut responding a little bit better emotionally, we feel better right our brain chemistry is improved. And now you start to build this snowball effect where your body's just firing on all levels, right, all cylinders, but definitely a strong brain gut access. And I think that feeds into this because when you're constantly tired, you're constantly below it. You have no energy to peel yourself out of bed. The last thing you want to do is go hop on a treadmill for an hour or go try to have a really hard leg day when you don't have energy. We're addressing each of these one by one by utilizing strategic testing to get to these root causes and even us at this point, I'll say this without even doing the test. There's at least a handful of things that we can usually suspect that are denominators, right? We've seen it enough time. I think before we should even tell this is where like, all right, she's probably in slow oxidation definitely has some patterns of hypothyroidism. You know, we can share it. Probably the calcium shell. So we can start to identify some things and then this just substantiates it with evidence based practice, which is. Yeah, I'm pulling back you're really great with this in coaching where you say, okay, pulling back will actually yield greater results, which can be pretty scary. When I do some online coaching as well and when I tell a client, hey, we're going to not do an hour and 15, we're going to go 45 minutes and we're going to pull back to 50% and it can be scary. And we trust the process, watch what happens and then we see that still come down because the body is feeling recovered and feeling safe, which is going to upregulate that metabolism. Oh, absolutely. It's not prioritized enough and for you guys that are coaching or if you're an athlete yourself, if you're having issues with that because to in these point, sometimes less yields more that's a weird counter intuitive Concept to grasp because for a bodybuilding, we always think it's got to be extreme, right? In order to be an elite athlete, I have to be more extreme than the other elite athletes. Not always the case. Yeah, exactly work smart. We're not saying don't work hard, but work, you know, if you work hard in the wrong direction, it can still take you to the wrong place the wrong destination. So we want to make sure we're putting all the energy into the right place. If you ever confuse to on cardio, you heard our conversation at cortisol and adrenal cocktails and things like this, you can also consider other modalities or forms of energy expenditure. So, obviously, we want to die it, right? We can always put the lever on diet if we need to, but once we get to a certain threshold, we might not want to pull any more calories out. So then we have to start looking at things like neat energy expenditure, right? So it can be that non exercise activity in their modalities. You know, if you don't have a very active lifestyle, you sit at the desk job all day, maybe think about getting a walking pad, you know, take the dog for a walk after dinner. There's other ways to get that step count and the energy output without just slamming fasted cardio until you're running your body in the ground. Because I can promise you this, all of the things that are on this list, you will exacerbate and make worse in you to add stress and add stimulus on top. We cannot beat the body into submission traditionally, right? I mean, we do in the sport. We are, we are hard on the body. However, we cannot beat it into submission. We have to be strategized. We have to be smart about working with that perfect ancient metabolism that is designed to keep you alive. We find respect in that we work with it. Exactly. Good. And scenario two here, we're not going to spend much time on this because it's very similar to scenario one. I wanted to point it out though to show that we do have common things that we come across. And unfortunately, it is more common in the industry than not to have, you know, athletes that are prescribed way too much of everything, too much supplements, sometimes not enough food. You know, it's a lot of things. It's a way too much food. But it's again, it's these extremes. And for scenario two, this particular athlete who is also extremely high potential high caliber athlete has been very well in the past, but started to really, really approach like total burnout. And we're just starting our therapy for this individual. But even as we're awaiting some of the H2A results, you know, we can identify some of those patterns and there's also some blood labs that confirm some of those suspicions right with the high both aridism. But the main things are severe chronic fatigue, difficulty getting out of bed, no energy to train, no energy to push intensity and cardio full hormone suppression. These lead me to believe there's things like adrenal fatigue definitely happening here, you know, then bloating chronic GI disruption. All of those things again that we suspect could be pushing her towards burnout, which will reveal itself in the H2A. But, you know, again, be cautious, be careful, make sure that you're testing because we want to avoid these scenarios before they become issues. And it's not as complex as this is, it's also not rocket science. Right, if we're our bodies are too taxed in the two stress, the simple solution is hold back a little bit. Right, and now pump the brakes a little bit. Give yourself a little more time instead of a 12 week cut, maybe do an 18 or a 20 week cut. So just keep that in mind, tools and resources will highlight, again, H2A mineral analysis. I want you to comment quickly because we see these and they can be complimentary and useful in some ways, however, the way that we perceive and use them is probably different than most people. So GI mapping, we had one client that had to do a side bow test, food sensitivity test, what are the pros and cons versus H2A. So I like GI mapping, I like seeing a testing. Food sensitivity testing, I'm pretty loud about it. I don't really like it because if you have dyspios who are inflammation, you're going to have, you're going to pop hot with a lot of the foods that you're consuming, you're going to see that there are no nos or sensitivities in a food sensitivity test. So we can leverage them strategically, however, we want to be really careful about how we integrate the information, right? So we can be taking a six week break on those food sensitivities going in and doing really aggressive repair, we're adding any G, we're adding sodium, muterate, we're adding things to repair the new coastal lining so that we don't have to take out these really really good free foods. And we don't want to encourage like, you know, eating disorder or like I can't have anything and that can become a big problem. I'm not fan of food sensitivity testing. I will I will order them if people want them that's fine, but that's my my take on a food sensitivity. I'm at me if you want to, but that's how I, that's how I approach it. Yeah, and I agree with that, you know, it's it's understanding the data that's in front of you within context, right? If you understand the data, then you can speak to it intelligently and we can make smart informed decisions and how we might choose to integrate that into a forever. But most people don't understand it and they just see the result and it's like, oh gosh, there's 25 foods that I have a sensitivity or a potential allergen. I'm never going to eat these, right? Yeah, there's no more car, there's no more. It's like, no, no, actually a lot of these are self or prep induced from having too much of these things for the students to time. And then just temporarily pull them, right? And then maybe what's our real-a-thumb? Like, you know, take them out for maybe six weeks and then once per week, right? We might phase in one kind of like coming out of a contest prep. It's very similar to what we do coming out of a show. And that's how you actually find your food sensitivity. Now if they're IGA, like their allergies, you can't have them. But you know, a little bit of time, if strawberries, if that's your thing and then you miss strawberries and we take them out for six weeks, we reap very even if we bring strawberries in three times a day for three days and you write them down on your own your own own pet. Yes, from no or maybe that's how you actually identify those food sensitivities. You know, I think in a healthier way. Yeah, I agree. So don't panic if you get one of those, we just want to give you some context on how we would interpret it. And of course, other tools and resources that we rely heavily on complete blood work, especially if there's very acute or specific things we want to monitor a little bit more closely in serum levels. Weekly check-ins, that's our feedback. That's our opportunity to be transparent, open with our clients and force them to think critically and self assess how are you feeling what things can we do to support you. Monitor biomarkers, we saw that right with HRV, resting heart rate, our woopscore is our sleep, our step count, all that good stuff. And then cortisol versus adrenals, a lot of times it could be one or the other or both. I like to delineate some of the tests me might use would be a four points alive a test or touch test. And then we can see is that cortisol production, peaking and dropping within the band that we want. And if so, then it's probably a adrenal issue that we're having, but if it's truly an outlier there, maybe it really is a cortisol issue, right? So it gives us again just a little bit more information so we can take a more appropriate course of action instead of just guessing. All right, so summary, let's summarize this. So testing to identify root causes of symptoms. Again, this helps us and the clients navigate those challenges collaboratively because this is an addictive shift. It's not us telling you do this, do that. It's us working with you to navigate those challenges that you're facing on a weekly basis so that we can come up with a best solution together. So we're trying this insights to all of the testing once we get all the data back, it's really applying the insights and integrating those into your training program. And then your overall health, right, your nutrition, your supplementation protocols. All of these things come down to that integration step, which is the most important step because you might have some things that could be optimal for your health or for balancing even your HDMI. We have to strategically place them mid prep post show off season, whatever it might be. So that's where we work together as a team and then I think one of the most important things you've hit on in a few times today, indeed, is making sure that we keep an open and safe environment for communication and client feedback. One thing that you and I run into all the time is people might leave a coach, not because the coach didn't necessarily understand how to do the job, but because it didn't feel safe. If they question something or they, their body is not responding, they're afraid to maybe share that information because they feel like they're going to get judged or yell that or whatever it might be. Yeah, and I think that we want to encourage people to know that they're in control of their health. I like to teach, I like to empower, ask me questions if it doesn't make sense, let's talk about it and if it still doesn't make sense, then maybe we do something else that's okay. We're here to empower and teach that's where we're coming from so we really we work well together in implementing that strategy and as a result, I feel like our team is doing really well. Yeah, and you know everyone, especially the ones that have stuck with it long enough because I'll also say that right these aren't things like mineral balancing isn't like going to the storm buying a pre workout and instantly you feel it and you're like, oh wow I feel wired. These are long term things that we put in place to help protect your body and help optimize your overall long term health. So it's things that you do need to stick with, you know, just out of the gate minimum three months, but we like to go definitely longer than that as you see with my own HTML, it took me a full year to really move the needle where we needed to go and you know maybe once you're in that kind of mixed oxidative state. Now maybe we can start to pull back and instead of every 90 days, maybe you're in a maintenance plan and it's every you know four to six months. But if you can do it every 90 days is ideal for your mineral balancing. Yeah, this is something that can be taken you know with you. It's a tool that that should be taken with you for the rest of your life because there is life after sport and we want to make sure that you're heart and your liver and your brain are healthy. So at the end of the day, we're not in your life. Find mineral testing because it is going to speak the most profound to your overall wellness and your longevity deep into your mature age. Yeah, and that's that's where we got to get our athletes to think you know I was I was that athlete at 25 and I'm not thinking about 50. I'm not even thinking about 40 is 25. I don't think about 25 right. What are we doing right now? Let's go extreme. But as we get more mature we get older. The health starts to that priority starts to shift towards health and longevity. Our hip start making more noise and we're like, oh. Yeah, yep, yep, yep. You know, this year we got to the don't know. I have a quad tear racing my daughter and you know, I'm for. Well, it's like you little things that are nothing normally right you just get up and yeah, let me show her who's boss. You see, you got like a. You got a. Because my potassium or my calcium was too low who knows. Awesome. That's possible. So make sure that you're staying on top of that health guys. It is the most important thing. And as we age, it becomes even more vital to take command of your health. So if you guys are interested in learning more also you want to hear more from doctor. Indie or myself. You can also use there's a special code. It's NASM, PPP and that's at that team. That was prep.com slash biochem therapy. So if you guys go to that, you'll be able to learn more about biochem therapy. Some of the thoughts and concepts behind everything that we talked about today. And Dr. Indie with that, let's let the followers know where they can find you, where can they contact you and get connected. Yes, so you can always apply at the team at unspripped.com website. You can I love Instagram messaging. You can email me by DMing me directly. It's going to be the fastest way to contact me. So follow me on IG. All right. You heard it there. And for you guys that are maybe unsure, this isn't, you don't have to be part of team out of to take advantage of this information. This is for everybody. So we do work with people to do prep integrations. If you're not an athlete and you're just a lifestyle client or fitness enthusiast, this is still a great strategy for you to employ in your own fitness journey. So again, reach out. And you guys already know where you can find me. Instagram. It's going to be at Andre Adams underscore official or team atoms underscore prep. You can email me at training by Dre at gmail.com. And YouTube is also Andre Adams underscore official. And guys, as always, if you felt like you got value and you enjoyed this episode, we encourage you to share it with at least one friend. Tell them how awesome this episode was and what you learned today. And we thank you all for tuning in as always. We'll see you next time on the Peak Disease Podcast. Thank you.