Hi everyone, welcome to Random Fit with Wendy Bats and Ken Miller and on this episode, we are going to talk about the brain and body connection, how strength, recovery and even pain aren't just about the muscles and joints themselves, but more about the nervous system and what's happening within our brain. And from there, we'll talk a little bit about working out how you can change your workouts to recruit more of that brain to help you be stronger, faster, whatever you want to do in life better. So listen to the podcast and enjoy, but leave us a five-star review when and where you can. You're listening to Random Fit with hosts Wendy Bats and Ken Miller, winner of a Gold Markham Award for Digital Media. Hello everyone, thank you for joining us on another episode of Random Fit. I'm Wendy Bats here with my friend, and co-host, Ken Miller. Ken, how's it going? Wendy, I'm good. You're looking good. Keep up the good work. Well, I think, you as well, you did your hair for us and everything today, so it's fantastic. But on this episode, we are going to talk about the brain and body connection. Ken, I know you and I were talking about having clients and when they come in and we start in different phases of the model after the assessment, we start to see major changes really quickly when they first begin working out, but they don't actually grow inside. So we're going to talk about why that happens and dig a little bit deeper. Yeah, you and I Wendy, for our listeners out there, Wendy and I, we get on the phone every now, and occasionally we talk, talk shop about our own personal training clients and some of the struggles and successes even that we have. But conversation that we just had recently was about clients that say, hey, I got stronger faster than I anticipated to get stronger. And I think Wendy said, well, I had clients that, you know, they get stronger, but they they're not necessarily seeing bigger, bigger muscles, bigger arms, they're, well, it's yet they're curling more, they're pressing more, they're pushing more, they're squatting more. So the topic came up, okay. So why the strength gain without the size gain? How does that happen? I thought movement and strength was based on muscle, right? Well, here's the thing. Muscles don't do anything without the nervous system, right? The brain rules it all. So when the brain figures out, okay, well, this is what needs to be done, okay, what do I need to do to get that particular task done? And then it figures out a way to coordinate movement, kind of, figure out, okay, what's the most efficient way? Okay, what movements don't we need? What muscles don't need to work in this motion, in this direction, with this force, in this plane of motion, or what have you? Then it figures out, okay, well, what do I need? And then from there it says, okay, well, we took out what we didn't want, we added what we do want as far as recruitment patterns as far as how the muscles are being used. And then from there, just by being more efficient, again, orchestrated by the nervous system, you get stronger, right? So, yeah. You got to think of, you know, the nervous system. So think about it, it's starting in your brain, right? So there's actually, we think about the central nervous system, we're talking about the spinal cord in the brain, right? And that decides what needs to happen. That's what's initiating the movement. It's going to help regulate our reflexes and it actually processes the input that's going into our head. And then it's like, well, okay, we're getting this information in and it's processing saying, okay, now what needs to happen? And then that's when we look at the peripheral nervous system. And that's basically going to carry out the commands at the brain hands. And so the reason we emphasize so much about doing assessments in the very beginning and order to truly help your client move better, or if you're a fitness enthusiast or self, move better is because over time, our brain, which if we think about the brain, the brain is kind of the software, right? It's the programming for your phone, your computers, whatever it is. And we're trying to always put very good input in because whatever you put into your head is going to help us hopefully have good movement. However, over time, we get these compensations because we're sitting at a desk, we're sitting at a desk around a shoulder, forward head, sitting in a chair, so we're in a seated position, so our hips are getting tight. We might wear cute shoes that might have a small heel on them, so it's going to tighten our calves. All of this leads to compensation patterns. And then the bodies, I, hey, this is what I know because these muscles are tight. This is how I want to live because these muscles aren't giving us the link that we need to stand correctly or move correctly. And then we're actually putting bad information into our brain, so the hardware is now our software is being programmed, the wrong information, not the right information to help us move better, feel better, and perform better. So the nervous system and the brain is basically what's telling our muscles to fire this way or stand this way or sit this way. And I think it's sometimes hard to comprehend because we're so focused on movement, but if we don't train our brain right, then no matter how hard we train, we're not going to be able to execute to our maximum potential unless we start with smaller movements first ensuring the right muscles fire at the right time and the right plane of motion. I think the analogy brought up one of these far as software and hardware. I mean, that's, that's a great analogy that I, I've, I haven't used it in a while, but from that same, yeah, like you said, the body, the body is the hardware, the brain is the software. So just like when you look at your phone and you have software updates or you look at your computer, you have software updates, that's, that's an improvement on the system. I think a lot of people don't realize, like, okay, your brain has operated your hardware or a certain task for certain amount of time, but if you want to do something different, if you want to do something more, let's say your priorities change maybe now you have the family and you have kids that are playing sports and you want to be able to throw again, get just the other day, took my son out to the parking house throwing the ball, and I hadn't thrown the ball in like six months since last, you know, since last baseball season. So here I am, I'm like, all right, you got to give me some time. My, my computer is rebooting right now because I'm like, let me, let me warm from up a little bit more and, you know, because I'm just thinking, I am going to be sore because, you know, my son, he's, he's bigger, he's stronger than he was last baseball season. So here I am, my, I'm just, I just want to get the ball in his gloves, right? I don't want him chasing a ball down the part, but my software needs this updating, especially if throwing the baseball is something I plan to do more of in the future. So I need to coordinate, you know, my hip rotation, my trunk rotation, my shoulder rotation, how I hold the ball where I release the ball and then not to mention he's throwing harder too. So now I have to reflexively be able to react to where that ball is. So now there's, there's that aspect of playing a sport. So my brain, my body, my brain has to go through an update. So my body can actually do the test that's required to me. And in this case, and it's, it's baseball, but I think the other part of that story, when you get you brought up when you talk about when he sit down a lot or you're wondering those cute little shoes that's going to elevate your heel, your brain actually accommodates that as well. So just like we can get an update for good, you can get an update for bad as well. So bad input, bad output. So the brain will do what it needs to do to get you from A to B to accomplish certain tasks. But if you're, if you're brain saying, I have to get you from home to work to home, wearing those cute little shoes with the elevated heels. Right? Then it's going to say, all right, calf, I don't need you as much, right? Because you're going to be a little shortened. You're not going to need to get all that ankle motion that we usually need if you're barefoot or anterior tips or the muscles in the front of the shin, I'm not going to need you as much either because I don't need you to pick up the forefoot so that when you walk, you clear the foot so that you can walk without the fear of tripping. I don't need you to do that either. And hip flexors, I don't need you, you know, on and so forth. So it starts to actually downgrade the capabilities of your hardware or your body in this case. So I love that analogy from the standpoint. It can, you can update the software for the better. But unfortunately for most people, it's a downgrade as far as what you want your hardware to do. Well, and I think, too, it's, it's really important that, I know when I train a client that hasn't worked out in a really long time. And I'm like, okay, we're going to do something as simple as like a balance exercise. And they are struggling to stand on one leg and move the other leg maybe in different planes of motion. So forward or out to the side or even try to rotate it back without having the arch is fall, having the knee cave in. And they're like, why can't I do this? Because I usually do this in front of a mirror, it went possible because I'm trying to have them see, listen, when you do this, your second, third toe, your knee cap and your hip all need to stay lined up. And that's what we need to focus on. So we need to have good arch alignment because that's going to help with, you know, activation of the hip and the glue and everything else. And it literally does start at the foot and works its way up. And it's interesting because people are like, I stand up every day. I stand on one leg when I'm walking, you know, you're spending a majority of the time on one foot as you're walking or doing activities of daily living, why can't I do this? And it's not that they can't. It's just retraining the brain because we are focused so much on standing with the feet straight ahead, making sure everything's probably lined up. So what we through NASM say the five-pinit chain checkpoints, we do that. Because if we're standing that way, we know biomechanically our joints are lined up the way that they are intended to and our, if we have good joint alignment, obviously we have got good muscle length on each side of the joint to get that movement to produce correctly. It's just retraining that system. Like if you're used to standing with your feet out, you weren't born that way. Most people are like, oh, I've always stood this way. Well, it's because your calves are tight and you should be standing with your feet pointed straight ahead. You have to work on that and maybe for four to six weeks, it's going to feel like you're standing pigeon-towed and you're going to have to look down and make that correction because it's not going to be automatic. But the more we practice and we synchronize as you were saying can synchronize movement and we synchronize standing correctly and moving correctly, we're retraining our brain. This is now the new thing we want you to do automatically, but we have to put time in in order for that to happen. Everyone wants to integrate in and including myself, but it does take time. It does, but not as much time as people think, because a lot of it is just awareness. You brought it to the central nervous system, you brought up the peripheral nervous system. The last piece, so to speak, is the appropriate sector. So when we talk about the receptors, go get 10 in organs, muscle spindle fibers and these are your lives. These are your sensors. These are the components that lie within your body all over, all over, especially when you talk about the muscle bellies and close to the tendon, the tendon instruction of the muscles. So what these receptors, these pro-perceptors do is they kind of sense, like I say, with the muscle spindle fibers, they sense the stretch and the amount of stretch and the change in length of the muscle. So it's sending signals back to the nervous system saying, okay, your muscle just did this. Do you want to do that? If it's fast enough, reflexively it's going to say, no, we're not going to go there because I don't feel comfortable with the joints moving that far that fast. Then you also have the goalie tendon organs which actually senses tension and tension change. So again, without getting into other components of working out, these two receptors, again, there's different types of receptors, pro-perceptors out there that tell you pressure, change and incentive gravity when you're shifting forward. If you've got more weight on the right side versus left side. So those are the two main ones that we speak through with the National Academy of Sports Medicine. But it's when those receptors, they feel something happening when they feel a shift in length, change in length, the rate of speed of change in length or pressure and change in pressure. It sends a signal to your body. That way your brain kind of has this little, this dynamic awareness of, okay, my body's in this position, this place and it's got this much more weight on it or no weight on it. But the thing about that when it comes to sensing like you're saying, Wendy, your position in space is that if you sense that your feet are turned out, it's going to start turning off those receptors and telling you, oh my feet are turned out. So it's going to start to think that that foot turned out position or that hip tilted position or that knock-need position. It's going to think that is normal, right? And so something that you and I want to do when we teach workshops is that we have we have the students or when we have a chance to speak to the public, we say go ahead and stand there and close your eyes, right? And you're just feeling where your foot is and your body is in space. And then we tell them, turn your feet, so look down at your feet and turn your feet so that you're second and third to or pointing 12 o'clock straight at. Not your big toe pointing straight at, but the middle of your shoe or your middle, middle foot, middle toes or pointing straight ahead, now close your eyes. Now stand there and what does that feel like? And that's where now your feet back is going to be what Wendy? What do they say nine times out of ten? I feel pigeon-tied. Yes. Yes. So they have calibrated, their nervous system is calibrated that what their feet turned out, that is pointing straight ahead so that when you actually rotate it in, now you're like, hey wait, that is not straight ahead, that is actually turned in. But when you look at it, you're actually straight ahead, but that's because your nervous system, your brain has calibrated to be this is normal. And what I'm doing, if you're not watching us on one of our videos here, if you're not standing there, your zero is your feet turned out. But when you internally rotate to get your feet pointing straight ahead, you actually feel rotated inward. And that's a great example of bad information in, bad information, bad output. So your body position, your body awareness is going to be skewed. And this is where training, like what you said when they training with strong consideration for proper posture, alignment of your ear, shoulders, hips, knees and ankles, where and when they need to be, depending on the movement. That's why that's so important because if you move from a wrong position or a bad position or less than optimal position, how your body recruits the muscles are going to reflect that bad movement pattern again, it's going to be a downgrade versus an upgrade. Well, and it's interesting that you say that because I have to laugh. I mean, there are so many things that we used to do in workshops. I mean, I know you would do that one. I would do one where I would have someone stand with their feet straight and put their arms out, close their eyes and just march in place. And you know, the whole class would end up laughing because when they're marching in place, I want them to do is pick up one foot. I have the arms out just for safety because I know what's going to happen is they start traveling. And they don't realize that they're not, that they're moving. They feel like they're staying stationary. But as they pick one foot up, they actually start moving and sometimes in sideways or opposite directions. And then after I time it, I'll say, okay, open your eyes and they are nowhere near where they should. Where they started, it's just because, you know, proprioceptively, meaning what's around their environment or what they feel that they're doing isn't necessarily truly what they're doing. And that's what happens with our body. That's the whole purpose that we go through specific training process. We're looking for, okay, we know this muscle is not in an optimal position. We know that because of the way someone stands and what we saw in the assessment. So what can we do to retrain the brain to make this correctly? And that's when we start looking at our corrective exercise of if we go through and form or some of these areas and downregulate the activity. And then we go through the stretching like you just talked about with the muscle spindles. They're going to freak out as soon as they start movement. And then if you hold it for 20 to 30 seconds, they're like, oh wait, nothing's going to tear. Maybe I can relax a little bit further. And that's what gives us a range of motion and a muscle that's sometimes overactive and type. So it's retraining your brain like it's okay to go this range of motion. It's okay to now start firing. But that brings us back into thinking about the brain not being this fixed thing. I mean, our brain is always changing. It's called neuroplacicity if you want. And that means just the neural pathways, meaning the information that we're bringing in and then the information that we're commanding or you know basically saying, I want you to do, we can strengthen that over time because it will weaken. If we don't work on on trying to incorporate new routes of training and new ways of training. But you know, depending on what if there were certain injuries, we may be very protective. We've got to start to override that protection if it's not necessarily something that's good. And when something like learning a new skill, like if you're if I'm teaching Ken how to do something and he's never done it for the first time, it's actually kind of amusing because he's my friend and I'm like, I can't you do this. But with a new client, if they've never done a squat of a certain way that you're asking them to do, it feels very awkward. And then they don't think that they're doing it well and their mechanics and the synchronization of that movement is in great. But as we work on it, each and every session, whether we change it up and do it a very different way, meaning one time what dumbbells one time with cables, but we're still working on that same movement pattern. We become, it becomes easy for us to do. We are synchronized in the movement. The joints are moving optimally together in harmony in the way that they should versus it being this broken. Okay, I'm handging at the hips, then my knees and my my ankles are bending and should be just one solid flowing movement. And that's what we're trying to get our brain to open up and do. So the more we can make those repetitions good and we're teaching good information in, then when they're out doing that same repetition, whether it's sitting up or standing up, whatever it is, still squat, right? But they're not in the gym, they're just doing activities a daily living. That becomes more automatic and we're working our muscles more efficiently in the way that they were intended to move. Absolutely correct. Thanks. Great. Before I get to the next, I do want to write on that thought Wendy, but just want to let you guys know those of you listening to both Wendy Bats and I can Miller here on this episode of random bit. This episode of random fit is brought to you by NASM1, V membership for trainers and coaches. Members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the edge at to schedule and program clients enjoy half off all certifications and specializations, access free CEUs and more. All this for just $35 a month. Go to nsm.org forward slash membership to learn more about NASM1. So, Wendy, while you were speaking, I think you brought up neural plasticity and one of the things that you and I talk about a lot is the neural continuum, right? And it's about putting or implementing changes, something that without increasing the intensity by one pound or moving one inch farther, you can increase the intensity or the complexity, if you will, of a movement pattern by just changing body position. So, one of the things, just to give a quick example, again, Wendy, you've done other podcasts on the neural continuum. But what we are simply talking about is if you were to do something as simple as a bicep curl, right? You do that bicep curl standing on two feet and you just curl your bicep, curl the dumbbells flex the bicep. Then you can go on to an unstable surface. Now, you're standing on an airx pad or something along those lines. You can go staggered stance, single leg stance. So, you're just changing your base of support. Now, here's the thing, you're doing the same bicep curl, but neurologically, it's different because you're changing your base of support. You're changing the complexity and the demand of the activity by changing the base of support. Now, I just had a client yesterday who's coming back from injury, but he's one of those kids when they, and I'm sure you've had these guys hundreds of times. That one guy that just, and he's a high schooler, just to kind of give some context to it. These guys, you got to, you know, tell him to slow down. They just want to go fast and want to go heavy, but here he is. He's in a rehab situation for shoulder, and he just wants a curl and go fast, but how I figured out how to temper him a little bit is get him from two feet to one foot, and then I just say, all you need to do, you can curl as much as you want. Just keep the shoulders in the hips level, right? Keep that one leg hit me in second and third toe in line, and you can curl as much as you want. And guess what? He's so concerned about balance, right? Controlling his body that he can't even do the weight that he used to do, right? Let alone, you know, and of course, your shoulder's hips needs an ankle's all in good one, but because his nervous system has other priorities, and this priority is not curling dumbbells, his priority is don't fall over for one, right? Standing on that single leg, but for two, hips level shoulders level, you can do all you want and just keep those two things, and he's so, you know, now concerned and thoughtful about keeping his hips up, right? Keeping his abs engaged, shoulders back, that he's like, he has to one, slow down, and two, he can't go heavier the way he wants to go heavy. So that's just an example of how you can manipulate the nervous system to increase intensity, right, for the sake, and this example is for the sake of that kid's safety. But for two, let's just say, if I didn't have 25 pound dumbbells where he was using 20, how do I make 20 pound dumbbells? As intense as 25, well, add some complexity to it through challenging the nervous system. Well, and I think sometimes we take that for granted, and we see the same people coming to the gym and they do the exact same exercises all the time, and it's like, you know, when instead of always doing a chest press with a barbell, do dumbbells, do it like you said on an unstable surface, alternate the chest press, do it single arm, do it single arm with rotation. That's when he was in the neural continuum, and doesn't even have to be just lower body, but it can be upper body as well. The more we challenge ourselves, we may have to understand to proper form is important, because no matter how much I lift, if I'm doing it with really bad movement, then those movement patterns is what my brain is learning. And so if I slow things down, which is one of the major things we start with, especially if there's compensation, and I have you really focus on the tempo. So for example, if we're just doing the bicep curl, because everybody knows how to do that, if you come up for one second and you pause and then you go down for four seconds, and you're not moving anything else within the body, you're just truly focusing on bending your elbow up, and then slowing it down, you're actually getting more of those motor units, if you well, so the number of fibers that are working within the muscle, you're recruiting more of those. And so as we start to recruit more and recruit more, the first two to six weeks, as we said in the very beginning, you might not see any gains in size, but you're actually having more gains internally. So therefore when you start lifting heavier, you're able to fire them faster, you're going to have more efficiency within the movement pattern, and then we're going to also signal, or we're going to reduce the signaling of doing things incorrectly, because we're patting at a slower tempo correctly before we start worrying about the amount of weight. And when we can get everything to fire the right way, and then we start to load it, that's when you're truly going to build hypertrophy or size, and you're going to be able to have good joint mobility in order to fully execute that one rep max without compensation. If you've got rounded shoulders and you're going down doing a really heavy chest pressure, putting a lot of pressure on the front portion of that shoulder, and then how many people, oh my shoulder's killing me, oh I've got rotator cuff problems, or I've got a labial tear. Well, you're also looking at them and they're very rounded forward. So if we can get good postural position first by slowing different exercises down to really work on posture, then when they do go down and up in a chest press, their shoulder and joint motion are going to be good. So they're going to see better symmetry, I mean, symmetry is always important, right? And they're also going to be able to lift more, and they didn't change anything except for spending a little bit more time getting the insides stronger and our brain and the different motor units, you know, actually recruited, so therefore we can lift more. And I think that's the part that sometimes we forget. I mean, it's very, it's a lot of anatomy and bio mechanics, but at the end of the day slow it down to it with good posture, and you're going to be able to lift heavier if that's what your angle is. Right. And I think, you know, I guess one final piece to that puzzle, Wendy, is the fact that, you know, when we talk about getting stronger, I mean, for one be patient, it'll happen. It just happens two different ways. So if you're more of a cosmetic athlete, somebody who's working out for either losing fat or putting on muscles, you're basically trying to change how you look physically. I think if you're starting, just starting that journey, just know that you got to be patient, that, you know, that four to six weeks of adaptation, a lot of that initial strength, like you're like we've been saying through the podcast from beginning through now, there's a fact that your strength gains are primarily due to the nervous system, but then after that first four to six week, where the nervous system is a big part of the changes that you're making, maybe not aesthetically, you're only going to burn so many calories, you're only going to lift so much weight. But after about four to six, you know, after a couple months, let's just say, your gains are now going to be based on muscular strength. So once the nervous system has made their changes, they know what muscles to recruit. Now, now the now it's the muscles turn to see some changes. So once the connective tissue tend to this tissue, the muscles themselves, they're bigger, they're getting stronger. Now they can contribute more so to the goals of putting on muscle or spending more calories or whatever your goal may be, as long as you're challenging your body, now it's the muscles turn. So it's the nervous system first and then the muscle. So that when you're seeing this progress through time, again, it's about consistency, it's about staying in it for the long haul until you're done with, you know, working out whenever that may be hopefully it's at the very end. But overall, it's the nervous system first, right? Then the muscles, but then it's that constant updating of that software. As you change things up, you change your routine, you change the challenges, you change the intensity, you change your phase of training from stability through strength and to power. But overall, the nervous system is going to be king. So one day, I think, you know, without being what they call it, brain surgeons, basically you just want to take the fitness side of the contribution of the nervous system or the brain. So I mean, my big takeaway is change a program every four to six weeks. Take the time, do an assessment, find out what's not working correctly, get it to fire correctly, work on your posture, do that something from 12 to 20 repetitions, really slowing down the each centric or the deceleration portion of it. So as you're lengthening the muscle, that's when you're decelerating, slow that down first. And then do what you're normally doing if you've never worked out before and you walk into a gym, you lift as heavy as you can for about five to eight reps and then your super sore never come back. That's not what you want to do. But after you built that foundation first, then start adding that weight. You're going to feel better and you're going to move better. That's where you're going to really start to see kind of the muscles pop and it doesn't matter if you're trying to be a bodybuilder and get a lot of size or you're really trying to quote tone up if you will. That's when you're really going to see those types of changes. But don't don't take for granted the balance, the appropriate section side that we talked about because the more that you can work on those stabilizers within the foot, that's going to help control what's happening at the hips and the glutes, which everybody needs strong glutes and hips. But incorporate different plan, metric training, that's going to help us synchronization. That's truly where we're going to get higher firing rates. So we're going to be able to produce greater force if we're trying to get faster. All of that is important and all of it should be incorporated. So just when you're looking at your program, find out what you're missing. Don't just walk in and just work out. Like walk in with a plan and that's going to be something I think is really important. But make sure to that you're just being smart and what you're doing. Yeah, I mean the brain is just one of those, it's a component that wants to be upgraded. It wants to be changed. So those parts that you talked about when you're with regarding your workout plan, yeah, you need to get into power. You need to move fast. You need to quickly, you need to recalibrate and that's why we do stabilization training intermittently throughout the year. If not recovery sessions to hone in on the aspect of being able to control the body, which means your brain is kind of saying, okay, this is what we got to do to be safe. So it just needs a chance. You know, unfortunately it just needs a chance. Just give me a chance. So hopefully you guys listeners here of the Randolphit podcast of both Wendy Vatsomite, Ken Miller, we appreciate you spending your time with us and hopefully getting at least a little something that can help improve how you live and how you work out. So if you like what you listen to today, like follow, subscribe down low, give us a five out of five rating when you can. But more importantly, let us know what other topics you want us to talk about in the future. So until next time, everybody, take care and be well.