Thank you and welcome to the NASM CPT podcast and our Facebook live webcast. My name is Rick Ritchie and I want to welcome you and thank you for being here and I want to welcome special guests. These are friend of mine and we've known each other for coming close to 20 years that we've been working together in the fitness industry and he is the author of this here book, Smart Got a Copy. I'm not so, I'm how the science of exercise made simple. I do have it. I've got a nice little quote and a little written thing in here. It says, Rick and then next to it it says, Dr. Sorry. I try to give it to you when it was out there all that year. Yeah. It's been so cool to be on this business journey with you. Thanks for your friendship and congrats on all the success. Well deserved and I can certainly say that back at you my friend. Welcome Pete McCall. Thanks for being on with us. Well thank you. I really appreciate your inviting me and good to see you guys this morning. It's good to see you. Tell me a little bit about what's been going on with you since we last worked together. So not not see each other or spoken together. Since we last actually worked in the same business, the same job, the same role together at Town Sports International when we were doing educational content and delivery for that company. Oh, done. So that's actually what I like about that. It was cool about this is back then. So Rick and I used to teach the NSM CPT program as a two day format to live workshop. And Rick I believe you're still teaching that right. Yeah, yeah, we're doing it one day. Yeah, we're doing it. Okay. But so what we say. Yeah, it was one day I guess there's a one day format. You're right. And what we used to do is teach that internally for the people of the health club Town Sports International. I was in Washington Sports clubs and Rick was in New York Sports clubs. From there I went on to be calm. Well, I was doing my my master degree through CPT through the AASM program. And that's why I love about this Rick. I mean, back then you and I really were we really enjoyed what we were learning from an SM. And now you know so many years later to actually have the opportunity to really still be involved and still have an influence is just I think just really cool. You know, just shows that you got to kind of keep your eye on the prize. But I went from being a trainer to doing being a director of education for a couple of years. I went to go work for another personal training certification organization. We're a health trade a lot of their education programs. And for the last five to seven, you're about seven years now. I've been a freelance consultant where I've been writing. I've been doing education programs. I teach the online CPT program for an ASM and then I do content development for an ASM. I've been doing more and more writing blogs and helping out. I mean, I'm really that's what's a lot of fun with it. It's been able to really take the information that that I've learned and take the practical experience I've developed and really help a new generation of fitness professionals learn how to do the job. Well, you've been doing that for sure, man. It's been good. I love coming across articles that either you write or sometimes this is what I like. I'll be somebody who reach out to me for to be a subject matter expert quoted in an article and I'll open it up and read it. And there you are in the same article with me. And that has happened multiple times. Yeah, no, I love that too, man. That always brings a smile to my face when I find out that a reporter reached out to both of us and you know, little did they know. And what this is, but this is important. I think lesson right for people in the fitness industry and on Thursday I would be on a call with SCW and what's interesting is one of the people on the call with SCW is somebody I worked with more than 20 years ago. My first job in fitness was actually a health club sales membership sales person. And that is a really, that was not the right role for me. But Bill McBride and I were both sales guys at the same time with the same company. And now 23 years later, you know, he's doing it. He went to operational route and I went to education route. So the lesson of people is you never know we'll work with somebody again. You don't want to burn bridges as a friend of mine says the fitness industry family trees like a telephone pole. So you will, you know, our paths keep crossing over the years. And you just gotta be, you gotta keep that in mind that this is really a relatively small community. And you can either help a really good name for yourself or you can go the opposite route. But it's just one of those, it's one of those way, what things to think about in long term. Yeah, that is very true. And you know, it's nice to see some of the work that you've done. I get the chance to listen to your voice on the podcast all about fitness that you do. And you get to have some wonderful guests on there. And I was really, really jealous. And so then, and I said, let me start doing this with wonderful guests too. So now, now I get to follow in your footsteps on what you were doing. We're doing this as a webcast. And we're excited about the program excited about having you on. And one of the things that we talked about recently is some of the new stuff that you've been working on. And I believe that you talked about like aging, which I start to feel is more appropriate for me. Honestly, as I feel like in some ways I've been broken since I was in my early 20s, which is probably why I went deep into the corrected exercise route. But as I'm getting older and now, inching up into my mid 40s. And you know, some of those things have gone away and I've gotten some new things. And, and I see that continually happening. One of the interesting things is I've recently started doing some high-intensity interval training. And some of the things that I thought was going to be really painful and really injurious to me based off of my previous experience just exercising. Actually, don't bother me at all when I do high-intensity stuff. And I know you've been looking into aging. You've been looking into high-intensity interval training, metabolic conditioning. You have a chapter on metabolic conditioning and your your smart workouts book. Talk to me a little bit more about kind of that path. Like, what's sent you down that path? And then let's get into some of the science behind it. And what it is that you see in some of the things that you're writing about. I guess, and I absolutely, well, I actually just question first, Rick, and the problem with doing a podcast on my own is, is I can never turn off the interviewer. I can never take off the interviewer hat. But let me just, but I want, I'll use this to make a point. When you do the hit training, how long do you do the workout for? Like, how long is your hit workout? Uh, the actual workout itself is not that long. Maybe 30 minutes. You know, we do a warm-up prep. We go do a little cool down at the end. Generally go to a class and those classes are 55 minutes. But maybe 30, maybe a few minutes, a little bit less. Maybe sometimes a little bit more than 30 minutes. Well, and, well, because the thing is, I think where where a hit gets misapplied and for listeners or people listening in, I also do a lot of education. I'm like the global, right now, I guess if you want to use a title on the global master trainer for Stairmaster, for both, by work with both Stairmaster and Nautilus as well. And Stairmaster is, everything we've done with Stairmaster has been sending around high-intensity interval training. And when you look at the research on the hit, it really is has to do with intensity and not duration. So, especially as we get older, you don't need to do, you don't really need to do longer than a 15, 20 minute hit workout because as long as you're doing the appropriate intensity on the intervals, that's all you really need. And there's a tremendous amount of research. One of them was I like referring to is by Sean and colleagues that came out in 2018. And what they did, Rick, is they had three groups, they had a treadmill group, that ran 30 minutes, three times a week on a treadmill. They had another treadmill group that did a four minute tabata on the treadmill. And then they had a body weight group that did a four minute body weight circuit, four minute um, a body weight circuit, and then they had the control group. It was a 16-week study, so it's a little bit longer than normal study period than eight or 12 weeks like that. And for listeners, the study period is usually eight to ten or eight to 12 weeks to come inside with an academic semester. So, it does a relatively short time sample for us. But over 16 weeks what they found was the treadmill, the hit training on the treadmill got the best results. But the body weight interval training got the second best results. Better results than than the 30 minutes of continuous running on the treadmill. So, it was really interesting because what would you rather do run 90 minutes a week on a treadmill or do three four minute tabatas, so you do 12 minutes a week. And what they found, they measured like they measured weight loss, they measured a group of capacity, and they really they found that it was the intensity of the training on that cellular duration that had the outcome, that had the better outcomes. And when they look at that, they actually started looking, and one thing to keep in mind is before the 2000s, hit was used primarily only for a high level athletes for collegiate and professional level athletes. So, all the research up until the early 2000s was on athletes, you know, of high performing athletes. It's been since the early to mid 2000s when they've been looking at hit for just the average population. And what they're finding is that it's great for people that are finding chronic diseases, it's great for older adults. And it's really very effective, again, being mindful of working on intensity and not volume. So, meaning that one four minute tabata or one like six minute latter workout is also somebody really need to do in order to really get a good outcome with that. I like that. When you were talking about the tabata that that's kind of a key that starts to drive a lot of people or where it was one of the training styles that drove a lot of people towards the high intensity interval training, I had one of the reasons that it wasn't thought about as something to be applied is that there was an assumption and in a rightful assumption that there's not a correlation between anaerobic training and getting anaerobic effect. But we're starting to see that the lines are more blurred than that that anaerobic training can indeed support a robit capacity, but it doesn't actually work so well necessarily the other way around. What do you see on that? No, you're absolutely right and that's a great point because what, and that was what surprised, that was one of the things that Izumi Tabata's research found and they were working with speed skaters and they were looking for a way to how could they support the O2 robit capacity training for speed skaters and what they found was that the relatively short 22nd burst of really high intensity really helped improve a robit capacity and what they find is that one of the things it does is produces the end so you have free fatty acids and you have glycogen and when you do anaerobic training you produce the enzymes that break down glycogen more efficiently into ATP whereas if you're doing a robit training like working on free fatty acid oxidation you don't necessarily produce the same enzymes. So that's one of the things that that's one of the reasons why anaerobic high intensity and training can actually boost the robit capacity is the muscles become much more efficient in producing energy and also clearing metabolic waste. And that because that's the other thing is that if you're running steady state at 70-75% max heart rate or max VO2 you're not going to accumulate a tremendous amount of metabolic byproduct of hydrogen ions or like to gas it so the muscles don't become as efficient whereas if you're doing a really high intensity work interval and people tend to understand that that recovery interval is critical you need that recovery interval to kind of recycle the metabolic byproduct out and be able to go back right into the high intensity work interval again. So you're 100% right that the hit training can support a robit capacity in a robit endurance training but it's not necessarily opposite. The only thing that endurance steady state training will do is help with the little bit better recovery intervals on the hit. So that's one of the cool things and what they're finding is that with clients so where I apply this is at the end of a workout is doing only four to six minutes of okay here we're going to go we're going to do a tabata or do a five minute cycle of 30 on 30 off or 30 seconds really hard and then 30 seconds of active recovery. And that way what I like about that from a psychology standpoint is you can do 40-45 minutes of corrective type exercise that really isn't that intense but then if you do about four to six minutes of hit or really intense training the client feels like they you know the clients want to feel like they had a hard work out right I mean a lot of it is that psychology of a client comes to go oh man my trainers really tough but we know if they have the musco skeletal issues they really shouldn't be doing a lot of high volume high intensity training so being able to scale it and be able to do it in a right way really you know helps us work with the client and give them 35 40 minutes of that corrective that they need but then also give them about that five 10 minutes of just really hard you know but kicking for lack of a better term that the clients the other perceptions what they want. I love that I've got a couple of things to speak to on on this topic and one is that I was doing a preparation for high intensity interval training presentation and I was coming across this this it was a research study that was done in nursing homes and what they did is they pulled several people out in the nursing homes and they gave them high intensity interval training exercises now these are also populations who we look at in the past and we would go why would you ever never would you write and so what they found were some really incredible results unfortunately and I'm kind of digging through my notes as we're talking to to get the study in the author but what they found was a couple of things that they really exceeded the benefits that that the other folks got where they were doing these kind of traditional aerobic style exercises but it was the qualitative feedback that I thought was so incredibly interesting and the quality of feedback were that the people actually enjoyed the high intensity interval training more than the people who were getting on the treadmill or doing the aerobic style exercises and listen I know it's different strokes for different folks but here you are having a sedentary population people who may not have ever really done any type of exercise like this at all and they're getting their butts kicked relative let's let's make sure we understand that right like so without getting their butts handed to them and they enjoyed it more and that spoke volumes because if anything speaks to me it's getting people to like doing exercise and if you can both like it and get more out of it then that's a one-two punch well no you're absolutely right Rick is what they found there's also been studies that have looked at that ask people do you like how how comfortable is it to do high intensity and or do hit style training and there's been some research suggests that people like that it's like they would rather know they got to work really hard for 10 or 12 minutes than to work for an hour so they'd rather get in work hard get it done with and move on but to really really quick to follow up we asked me about aging so right now I'm working on my second book that I'm calling Agile Sentensity and that's where this is kind of there's this going is a number of years ago I realized you know when I was doing working on it was actually working on a workshop for Metabol conditioning and a lot of this high-intensity interval training and high-intensity Metabol conditioning strength and power training produces anaerobic hormones or anaerobic anaerobic hormones growth hormone to testosterone and insulin growth factors these are all the hormones that build and there's been some really cool studies of people in their 60s and 70s and found out that not only does this type of exercise really improve their fitness level but it can change their endocrine profile and actually elevate T levels and elevate GH levels as people get older and so that's what my next book on is really pouring through that research and saying okay if you're in your 40s like us I'm probably 48th this year and you're in your 50s and you've been exercising for the last 30 years you're not relegated to chair robex because that's what we've been doing for the last 20 years right for older adults okay you're over 60 let's put you in this chair that's give you some paper plates that's this give you a balloon you know but think about it you know the fitness our modern era the fitness industry started in the 70s if you're 25 years old in 1975 you know now you're you're 70 years old you know if you're 25 years old in 1975 when fitness really started booming and you start you've been working out since 1975 you're you're going to have a much different ability to do a hard rate of work than a centering individual and there's great research by ballstate university again in 2018 a lot of cool stuff came out in 2018 either that or I was having fun with stuff but what ballstate did is ballstate went and they got a group of 70 year olds have been doing endurance activities during entire life they got a group of 70 year olds have been working out their entire life like casual recreationally exercise then they got a group of 70 year olds that were they did nothing that was a control group and then they had a group of 20 somethings and what they found are the two 70 year old groups of an exercising for 50 years had the same kind of muscle biopsies as people in their 20s meaning that the same anaerobic that the same anaerobic enzymes they had most of the much better capital capital area density so getting capital areas where you get the tissue change in the oxygen so literally what that that research showed was that if you exercise regularly and you maintain consistency you can literally freeze your muscle tissue in time so if you start working out 25-30 years old and you be consistent throughout the aging process you are going to lose some muscle mass that that's going to happen naturally we produce different hormones and different things happen in the body but over the over the long course of time you maintain your car it's like buying a 1965 Mustang and you have two options you can throw that 65 Mustang in your backyard and what's going to happen to it it's going to fall apart right or if you keep that 65 Mustang in a garage you change your oil you change the tire you change the bill you drive it regularly that 65 Mustang could be good as new you know 55 years later and that's really what we're seeing with the human body is you've got to stress the human body to some degree with high intensity training in order for the systems to operate at an optimal level and that's really and now that we're coming on to you know people are generation generation generation and that's the other thing to Rick is we're generation X right I still like going out on my mountain bike I still like being active you know I yeah I don't want to slow down you know I got to be mindful of my favorite activities but you know people I know I know guys who are 50 over 50 years old and they still ride a half pipe so they're still popping six foot airs on on half pipes I don't know if you remember the name Matt Hoffman and Tony Hawk you know those guys are still if you follow their Instagram feeds Matt Hoffman is like 51 52 years old and he's still popping 10 12 foot airs on a bike Tony Hawk is still shredding ramp and it's McCoy these are all guys that were like the original X game stars in the 90s and they're now in their 50s and they're still riding hard they're still doing their thing so that's really what I wanted to do is to understand the science of of how we can maintain our favorite activities we can't do anything to stop the aging process that that we can't stop right but what we can do is use and exercise and use in the right way in order to kind of freeze how time affects our bodies or try to allow us to maintain our fitness level throughout the aging process. I want to add to that story we had a guy that used to be at the YMCA where my mom and dad were members of and Florence Alabama and his name was Mr. Pig PIGG. That's never me Mr. Pig he is 99 years old and when they asked him he started working out my dad sent me an article in the in the paper about him and I read about him and he has been working out every day pretty much since his wife died when they were in their 70s and in the in the article the the journalist asked the question do you think exercise is what is allowed you to live this long and he said I can't answer that I don't know if it's allowed me to live this long but it has allowed me to live this well and that was a profound statement well and that's just it right is exercise what they're funny is especially higher intensity exercise it will help boost it helps boost the hormones that build muscle but it also elevates something called the NF brain derived neurotrophic factor and that's a protein that literally helps build new brain cells you know in your brain obviously it builds new cells in your brain and that kind of dispels this idea of the dumb weightlifting job right there's research to show that both strength training and aerobic strength training and aerobic steady state training both elevate levels of brain derived neurotrophic factor allowing people to stay cognizant have a better cognitive ability later on then just this week and I was going through some literature you know working on my book and there really is there's a high correlation between mobility fitness level and cognitive ability for people in their 70s so the people who work out in their who work out all the way through the 0070s have performed much better on the cognitive tests than people who are sedentary and so the message to trainers I think Rick is out there is that if you if you're a trainer and your your 20s or early 30s and you're working with clients in their 50s and 60s the messages isn't so much on weight loss and appearance the message becomes do you want to do you want the secret for slowing down the aging process do you want the secret for you know being able to maintain your youth and that's that's what I've been doing with knowledge and stair master is having right in our education programs around let's look at you know yes weight loss is important yes we all want to look better we know that but really strength training on knowledge machines you know high intensity interval training on stair master equipment the evidence shows can really be the we can't guarantee results but we can say there's an overwhelming body of evidence just that this type of training can really help you manage aging process you get older here's another thing that we we have some evidence for I've got this article pulled up by hyping and associates and they're talking about high intensity interval training and abdominal fat and so when they did is they did a 4 by 4 minute work to rest interval right so you work hard and eroically 4 minute push and then a 4 minute break and that was repeated several times and then they did a 12 week program four days a week to a minute warm up 5 minute cool down and what they did is they equated the eroic exercise for oxygen expenditure so basically you're burning the same amount of calories but what were the outcomes and the results and here's what was pretty interesting the intervention resulted in a similar reduction in body weight or body fat between the high intensity and the moderate intensity group but there was a significant difference in abdominal fat reduction with the high intensity group preimposed test comparison shows statistically significant decreases in sub-cutaneous fat by 19 and a half percent so that's pretty significant but here's what's the other cool part it's protocol was taken from coronary artery disease patients yeah so again with the with the kitten gloves and we're so nervous about working with people and I did find another research that did correlate a few more orthopedic risks with anaerobic kind of high intensity work versus aerobic but it was it was hardly significant and it's static and it's stats so what you're looking at is that it's not that much more challenging orthopedically and yet these results are seemingly incredible that that these folks are getting and and again now that we like to give pink dumbbells to people who are of a certain age and with them little bands and we give them a chair to sit down in and I'm not saying that that's wrong Pete I'm not saying that wrong but let's be honest everything is individualized but there is challenge that can be done and when challenge and use stress is put on people then we allow them to recover and they get better and stronger from that I love the fact that they use the technical term for for exercise use stress positive stress because a lot of people overlook that because really that's unfundemally as what we do right exercise is stress imposed upon the body and and you're right and that's that and that's what for years you know the approach has been towards older adults is what we want to take it relatively easy but now that we're looking at people who are in their 60s and 70s who have been exercising for 10 15 20 years you don't pull you don't pull off the brakes you don't pump the brakes you be smart about it you know the difference is if you're in your 30s I might say can you can do hit maybe two or three days a week as long as you're getting good sleep and nutrition support it by the time you get your 60s and 70s I'd probably give you about two days a week with at least two full days in between and keep in mind it doesn't mean I throw you right in the deep end of the pool if I were to use the body interval because I like doing this stuff Rick is you don't need to do the four four four minute to bottom cycle right if you if I were to work with Mr. Pig and Mr. Pig was in his 80s and we're just getting to know each other I might finish the workout session okay Mr. Pig here's what I'm gonna do we're gonna do a couple minutes of exercise but I'm asking you to do two intervals of 20 seconds really hard I might give him a one minute of a debaura protocol meaning 20 seconds really hard 10 seconds of recovery 20 seconds really hard 10 seconds of recovery and that's it and build on that because that again that's what the evidence is showing is in Martin Gabala on who I think spoke at the NSM conference a couple years ago Martin Gabala is a researcher out of McMashing University in Canada and he wrote the book the one minute workout and I know that sounds like a cheesy late night informational thing to do but the Gabala's labic McMaster has been studying hit where the said in theory population and has found that like a three minute warmup three 20 second intervals with like a two minute recovery after each one and then a two three minute cooldown that's 10 minutes right but if you do three 20 second intervals that one minute of high intensity is enough to start promoting health benefits and start and that's what they've looked at with coronary patients and with really older adults as you start with that one minute you know it doesn't mean I take Mr. Pig and say our Mr. Pig here we go we're going a 40 minute debaura class when do six sets of debaura interval not at all but what it does mean is we scale it back and then you know we can do like one of my favorite things to start progression is like you do a one minute debaura one minute easy one minute of debaura one minute easy you know you kind of stagger it like that and then you do two minutes one minute two minutes one minute or the two minutes recover then you do three minutes one minute recovery and then you build up like that so doesn't mean you jump right into the deep end of the pool it just means that over a period of maybe four to eight weeks you progressively start challenging the body but even if people in their 70s and 80s when they go through these type of protocols have some pretty significant outcomes and they they respond to it they just have to they have to have that mindset to know that it's just going to be uncomfortable for 20 or 30 seconds but the health benefits are pretty significant yeah I remember just getting started again into some behind tens of stuff recently with the classes I was doing and I went to see my business partner Aaron at an event that we were doing and he was like what is what's going on with you and I was like man I feel like a hundred bucks right now like I just I feel like I found a hundred bucks on the floor that's how my body feels and it it wasn't an easy class like it was indeed challenging but there are a couple things that we know one is that there is a physiological effect that allows you to feel good but we also know that when things are challenging and accomplished there's an incredible sense of pride that goes along with it so getting on a bike and maybe doing 60 minutes it doesn't feel it can be challenging but the challenge is making yourself sit there and continue versus something that is that is hard to do a hard to accomplish in the moment and then you get it done and the sense of pride that goes along with that is really huge so you get this kind of you for effect of the exercise but then you get this cognitive component to it that just makes you really proud about what you've done well here's here's one cool thing about the high intensity exercise if you're 100% right and what you said right there Rick was absolutely correct is is people that if you're working with an older population and you want to start introducing hits to them don't use the treadmill because there are some balance issues and you have to speed up and slow down on the treadmill and there might be some balance issues there a rowing machine one the assault bikes we use the legs and the arms those would be much more just a stationary bike even a recombin bike would be much more appropriate so it doesn't mean I'm gonna have some needs to do treadmill on a woodweight curve and have you know to treadmill intervals for instead of woodweight curve because there are some issues so we need to be mindful about it like a rowing machine and like or rowing machines my favorite the assault type bikes are one of my favorites or even even like with Mr. Pig and his 80s that might have to recombin bike because that 20 seconds are really high intensity on the recombin but what you just said though is when you do this type of high intensity training and when you give people a focus saying I want you to focus on 20 seconds at a time you're giving them an external focus and you're giving them a very finite goal and that can help initiate the flow state and the flow state is really where that's where people get into what the athletes call the zone and in exercise we get dopamine we get serotonin and we also tap into our cannibalized system in the body our body has its own internal cannibalized system that helps reduce pain so when people feel the runners high you know that's what's happening is your your body is releasing these these neuro transmitters to kind of sit the deal of all the pain sensation of the physical exertion so literally you can get people high at the gym you can get your 70 year old clients high at the gym but I do little bits of interval training because it's gonna change it's gonna change your brain chemistry pretty significantly this stuff is really I mean the more and part of it is the more instrumentation that they get and the better they can go deeper they can go the electron microscope and houses they go oh wow we didn't realize this was happening to or for years like research looked at one component ago well we didn't realize that this was going on as well so that's really where you know it kind of is being able to touch being able to synthesize all that together and say well so what how do we how do we design the programs that really have an effect I like that incremental build that you were talking about where you've got somebody that maybe just doing a normal workout whatever that means to you but at the end of it implementing just piecemeal at the end you know at the end of our workout we're gonna do something really hard yeah we're gonna really hard for a short period of time and then it's over exactly that's what people I mean because if I tell you Rick if I say we're gonna do this for three minutes it's gonna be really uncomfortable for three minutes but it's only three minutes can you give me three minutes you know then people are like okay I can do that and then they feel then they start feeling comfortable because the whole idea of getting into the flow state is you want to kind of bend people but not break them you know and that's really what you know that that's what the military you know the military special operations have had to study the flow state pretty extensively you know the athletes have studied it you know business all executives and it's that challenge it's something called challenge skills where if I challenge you to do more than you think you're capable of you become focused on doing that so if I say Rick I want you to do four sets of 30 kettlebell swings oh man that's a lot but after that first set we knock out 30 is it gonna be hard to sure but you knock out that one set so your your confidence builds to do the next three sets then you get through that workout you're like wow I did it yeah it was hard but I didn't break and that's really you know that's that's really where we can get into the psychology of what we're doing and I actually just wrote a um a wrote a piece for an ASM a couple months ago on how trainers can tap into the flow state with some of their clients you know use some of these flow triggers as they're called to really kind of make the make the training session more enjoyable I know this about study and in the workplace that it takes about 20 minutes to get into a flow state when you're trying to sit down and write when you're trying to read when you're trying to do your job usually where it's sitting down and working what I try to get my children to do. 20 minutes and you'll be in and of course just 20 minutes he keeps looking at the clock going it's now only 15 minutes right so he's not ever getting into the flow state he's trying to get out of this state of movement or our focus but what we know at least in that world is that if you can stay focused and involved for 20 minutes just build into it to get yourself into the zone then everything else starts to narrow and the line becomes pinpoint. Well listen that that I mean that's one of the things that's one of the biggest gifts that we can give our clients once we start working with them in person again is with all this external stuff going on the outside is that that one hour that we spend with a client or that 45 minutes that whether we spend teaching a class we can let people forget all that other stuff so I can just focus on themselves for that time they can challenge themselves to work hard they can do something physically and real quick you know to kind of come back to high intensity interval changes to share with listeners so starting in mid March they shut down all the parks and all the trails in San Diego San Diego County you know for the coronavirus saying and so I couldn't go out on my mountain bike so for five or six weeks I was just doing body weight intervals in my apartment you're not not very big and not much space but I was doing like four minutes of about I had doing a couple different things at four to six minutes at a time just once per workout and they just opened up the trails last week so I've been out on my mountain bike three times in the last week and my VO two feels just as good as it was before you know there's always that one hill that's kind of like my test how do I feel going up that hill and usually I redline it about 170 be some minute on my on my heart rate monitor and after not being on my bike for six weeks it was tough but I still had that a rubber capacity to be able to do that hill so that just you know again that's a test of one and there's no controls but it just you know it was pretty I was pretty surprised I honestly was surprised that doing these body weight intervals in my apartment allowed me to maintain the rubber capacity that I developed before the trails got shut down in mid March nice I like that and and there's also something that's nice about being able to just get outside and go after that hill after being stuck for so long so probably pretty apt to do that let me uh let me pop over to Greg just for a moment and Greg I'm gonna ask you just do we have anybody that's in here that's popped into any questions about the high-intensity interval training or working with the an aging population and applying this kind of stuff or anything else that might be being talked about in chat yeah one question regards to the best way to youth body weight when it comes to hit and integrating that. It's just a thing in the in Sean's research what they did and the spelling of that is SCHA-UN they used um they used burpees they used I think they did a man make or exercise they did jumping jacks and they might have done mountain climbers. Now one thing I've noticed is that for people you know our age in order rig that might have some back issues might have some issues with that in the little pelvic hip complex is burpees aren't always necessarily the best exercise you know if you're 20 something yet slam your face into the ground go for it so but I would look at like jumping jacks because everybody knows a jumping jack lateral skaters where you lateral bounce side to side even running in place I know that sounds a little silly but you know I've done that in group fitness classes and people get into it you know especially when you tell them the sprint get their knees up you know running in place we do it mountain climbers where your hands are on the floor and you're bringing driving your knees up to the chest so I'd look at those type exercises as opposed to doing like burpees and you'll appreciate this Rick one of my favorite ones I've been doing my apartment you remember those old that we and we learned it from one car to Santa Ana way way back in the day remember those two arm rubber bands yeah so I do a lot of like alternating rows with those two arm rubber bands fastest possible so it's a little bit different than the heavy rope because my neighbors probably wouldn't like me too much if I'm slamming a heavy rope in my apartment but doing those two arm rubber bands as fast as possible is one way to get the upper body involved yeah nice I also I like doing speeds squats oh yeah I'll fast going to get my squats and then certainly adding some jumps to it so if you're capable of doing those jumps landing with control then talk about amp in the heart rate up with some body weight that's that's a serious that's a serious event it is a speed squats are great yeah no thanks yeah yeah good question about the body weight exercises and being able to push yourself anaerobicly so anything else on that front yeah John wants to know how long is a good time for a solid hit body weight workout and how many days a week would you actually recommend doing well well that's a great question for length and that's where I come back to that research that show that a four minute body weight you know one four minute debaude is all that's necessary you know if if one four minute debaude produce you know three times a week produce better effects and 30 minutes of steady state training on a treadmill three times a week that's where I was start you know it's just one four minute you know body weight debaude and and ill from there I mean that's the thing right is we get this mentality especially here in the US of more we kind of do more we got to do more but the research on on his pretty equivocal that you don't need that if you start doing too much you create something called the overtrain syndrome where you actually overload your system you actually know your body will produce more cortisol and cortisol can turn protein will convert amino acids into fuel and and that's one and that's so this is where I point this out to people one thing I ask I ask clients and I point out to if you ever smell your clothes after you work out and it smells like ammonia that's a pretty good indicator that you've been metabolizing amino acids for energy and we don't want you know amino acids only use for energy and extreme consequences because nitrogen is component of both amino acid and ammonia so if you're close to me like ammonia after you work out it's a pretty good indicator that you're burning protein and amino acids and not carbohydrates and fat so that's really what my advice would be to start with one four minute debaude make it hard though I mean doesn't mean make it easy just means you have to be that last minute should really stink I mean that last minute should be really really uncomfortable but that's where you start and and and just if you want to add a second one the only thing I would do is just maybe do one four minute debaude for lower body one four minute debaude for upper body which is kind of how abs structure did you know if I'll do the bands for four minutes and I'll do lower body speed skaters and speed squats for four minutes and kind of and call it at that you know but yeah it doesn't need it's not volume with with hit training it's intensity so that's a great question and to no more than three times a week because it does take think about it this way with hit you to plead glycogen levels in the muscle and it takes it takes 24 to 48 hours to replace the glycogen in the muscle cells and if the muscle doesn't have glycogen available to it the muscle cells don't have glycogen available that's when amino acids can start being converts called gluconeogenesis when amino acids start being converted to fuel and that's one of the things that quarters all will do in the body when people are in extreme stress state and I will point out also that I believe it's the ACSM has some recommendations on the anaerobic training which is just 75 minutes per week and and you know they also guidelines of an average of 150 minutes per week of a rubic cardio fitness right so you can deduct those 75 minutes from the 150 so don't think that the recommendation is 150 minutes of a rubic and then of anaerobic training and additional 75 minutes that's not it. And that's also one of the things that concerning too is that if you get people better new to exercise they think they have to do all 150 minutes even if you do the 75 minutes and now you still have another 75 minutes of exercise that you're supposed to do we used to say this all the time a little bit of something's better than a whole lot of nothing so don't feel like you have to commit to everything because it puts people in an all or nothing mentality which is if I can't get 150 minutes then I might as well do zero minutes and that's not true at all. Well then that's exactly why they've been studying hit for a decdition population because people have this misperception is if I can't go the gym for 30 or 40 minutes I shouldn't go at all when in reality you know 8 to 12 minutes of as you just said of something is better than a whole lot of nothing that's that's a great one. Yeah. So I love this man dude thank you thank you is there anything else because we've pushed the limits on our 30 to 45 minute podcast as we're getting a little bit closer to an hour is there anything you want to add including the any ideas of when the release date for this book is going to be so we can buy it and then also help people can find you and connect with you. I appreciate that yeah on Instagram I'm Pete McCall on your score fitness that's Pete McCall on your score fitness on Instagram and what I've been doing is Joe and trying to throw a workout ideas while we've been all you know sheltering in place at home and then the all about fitness podcast I just interviewed Marty Gabolle again I interviewed him a couple years ago but I reached out to him at the start of all this to get his intake on bodyweight training and he has some really good insights so check out the all about fitness podcast and you can go back to her three episodes and then Rick you'll appreciate this one I interviewed Dorian Yates as well Dorian is a six time Mr. Olympia like how he's how he's staying in shape now he's almost 60 years old so that's kind of like you know it was kind of that's the only that's the only interview that's one the only interviews I've been nervous for for a long time you know speaking with you because he was known as the shadow you know he doesn't he didn't really do many public appearances so I was really stoked to get that interview with the Dorian and kind of ask him about how he's maintaining his fitness level now so those the all about fitness podcast and on Instagram are probably the best ways to stay connected and Asia's intensity we're looking at like a November release date we want to try to get it out I'm working with human genetics on it so we want to try to get it out before Christmas and it really will be you know it's going to be I'm looking forward to it I'm halfway through writing it right now and I just I love digging into the research and I love the opportunity to talk about it a little bit so thank you and well I wish you the best of luck on everything and I know one thing about digging into the research it can send you down a rabbit hole yeah yeah let's just say Amazon I've been ordering I have to keep ordering printer I keep ordering print cartridges from Amazon because I'm printing so much stuff up but yeah I bet man I bet well congratulations on the opportunity for another one and I'm looking forward to again that thank you for being on and I really appreciate you being here thank you guys good to see you reckon good to see you Greg man I appreciate to appreciate the opportunity to do that so thanks guys appreciate it awesome it's going to have you everybody my name is Rick Richie thank you for being here this is the NASM CPT podcast in our Facebook live webcast