It's your host, Andre Adams of the NESM Peak Physique podcast. So excited for this upcoming episode. We're going to dive into cardio hacks for bodybuilders. Cardio isn't just about burning fat, done right. It can actually sharpen conditioning, aid in nutrient partitioning, have emotional benefits, and even support recovery. But done wrong, watch out because it can also be your worst enemy and catablies muscle. Make sure you guys tune into this episode. And most of all, be sure to like, subscribe and follow. See you guys soon. You're listening to the Peak Physique podcast with Andre Adams on the NASM podcast network. Hey everyone, welcome back. It's your host, Andre Adams, NASM Master Trainer, and I-B-B physique Olympian. We are here on another episode of the Peak Physique podcast. It's a day we're going to be covering cardio hacks for bodybuilders. Cardio isn't just a fat burning tool, right? When done right, it can also help aid in things like nutrient partitioning. It could be emotional stress relief. It can help preserve muscle. But when done wrong, it can actually be counterproductive. So we're going to break down what my best strategies, tips, and tricks for everything you need to know about cardio for bodybuilders. Let's go ahead and get started. Pre-cardio supplements and hydration is one thing that I love to start with. Whenever we begin the conversation on cardio, and I'm going to list off maybe my top five to six things that I like to incorporate, and of course this can vary by the individual, depending on your specific goals. One thing I like to start with is a little bit of caffeine. Now again, if you have an intolerance to stimulants, if you're already in adrenal fatigue, or you have any other sort of metabolic stress, or sensitivities, right? You might want to avoid high amount of caffeine, but we're talking low amounts. So consider maybe 100 milligrams, for example. If we were to time that pre-cardio, that can help increase our fat oxidation, and also help increase endurance or performance. There's some really longstanding articles, and it'll sprite 2014 is one of those that breaks down the study of potential benefits of low dose caffeine, pre-cardio, or pre-indurance training. And again, it's best used strategically to based on your tolerance. So again, if you have adrenal issues or sensitivities, you might need to limit, or keep those early in the day. Another good one that some people might already be familiar with is Yohin-Bine. Typically this is going to be an HCL form, five to 10 milligrams, and when we time this one pre-cardio, again, it's going to actually help enhance fat loss, especially when you're already in a fasted state, by blocking alpha 2, androgenic receptors. Again, you can cite this. I'll drop these maybe at the end of the episode, or in the comments, but Osteject 2006 does a very nice job laying the South in a case study. And it's best used with caution though. Again, it can raise heart rate and anxiety. So if you're already in a fight or flight, kind of state and your highly sensitive or you have anxiety, you want to avoid some of the stimulants, but if you're all good there, and you feel good, you can always assess your tolerance at a low dose, and consider adding some of these in to help enhance fat loss, and then optimize overall energy balance. And for me, it's also it wakes me up a little bit in the morning. So another good one that I like that is what I would call Stimfree, maybe considered an energy upper, but Stimfree would be L-Karnatine. So L-Karnatine, there is evidence that show improved fat transport, and it's mainly useful for recovery. But L-Karnatine, we like to use one to two times a day if it's an oral supplementation form, we generally recommend one to two grams. So you know, one thousand to two thousand milligrams, and that can come in powder, it can come in capsules. You could do morning and evening, or you could do precardio pre workout, which is what I tend to do just to try and maximize, again nutrient partitioning and fat burning. But L-Karnatine, great one. Kokeu 10, it's another excellent choice. There's many different benefits to this from cardiovascular health, weight loss body and top liver and metabolism. PubMed actually has an article that I read recently. I got an interesting checking it out. Head over to PubMed, it's PMID 37686725, and the effects of Kokeu 10, suggesting again, overall health benefits and being more of a conduit for weight loss and body recomposition. There's also some very good benefits, again, a cardiovascular and brain health of Kokeu 10. L-Bluetamine, so why would we add L-Bluetamine in precardio for a bodybuilder? L-Bluetamine has several functions, a lot of people know it for it's anabolic support, right? It is the foundation for some of those building blocks of muscle, it also helps boost our immune system, and there's many benefits within the GI system when we're talking about gut repair. So L-Bluetamine specifically, when we're doing high amounts of fasted cardio, especially if we're starting to notice high cortisol spikes, and we're starting to notice downward trend in skeletal muscle. If you guys are measuring with a device like an in-body scan or a dexus scan, and we're starting to see that skeletal muscle taking a dip, that means there's muscle cannibalism happening, and we might want to structure in five to 10 grams of L-Bluetamine, pre or periwork out our pericardio in this case, to help support our muscle mass. And one of the most important things you can do, if you're like me in the morning, it's so some of it's emotional therapy, right? I like to start my day. My treadmill is actually right in the garage, so I can pop the garage door open, get some fresh air, it's very relaxing and calming to me. So it's not always about just quite lost and recombs, sometimes it's about that emotional or that mental benefit from the cardio, and I like to have my coffee wall, I'm doing my cardio. One caveat, however, when we're talking caffeine, as we mentioned earlier, we're talking coffee, make sure that you're doing your electrolytes first. At least 15 to 20 minutes before you take any caffeine because caffeine can inhibit the absorption of sodium and electrolytes. So I like to add that hydration and electrolyte mix, again, dehydration actually raises RPE and can blunt fat oxidation. So we want to make sure that we are fully hydrated and that we also are taking those electrolytes to support our adrenal function and our total metabolic function before intakeing that caffeine. So just recapping, kind of precariot, some of my favorite go-toes, if you don't have high anxiety or high sensitivities, I like to go caffeine, yo-him-bin, Elkharnitine, Cocutin, some Elgludomine to support muscle, and then again, hydration and electrolytes before taking any caffeine or coffee type of supplements. The next thing we'll talk about, let's go into cardio-intensity and duration. We get this question a lot and I'll probably add modalities to that as well because this can factor into the intensity, but I always get the question, coach, should I do lists, low intensity steady state, miss, which is moderate intensity, or should I do hit cardio, is there a difference? If so, when should I do what? It can be a little overwhelming, right? There's a lot of different strategies. If we look at it high level, thinking about low intensity steady state defined as being somewhere in that 60 to 70% of your heart rate max, right, to 20 minus your age and years, time 60 to 70%. You get to that heart rate range for low intensity. This is gonna help promote fat oxidation without excessive fatigue. Now, if you are a very heavily muscle body builder, which I believe most body builders, that's the goal, right? We wanna carry as much lean muscles possible. When we're already in that state, the biggest concern is, again, muscle capitalism where we're starting to break down and we know acids from muscle tissue and converted into glucose as fuel. We don't want this especially when we're in a highly sensitive, fasted state. So, low intensity steady state or moderate intensity steady state cardio tends to be a little more favorable if we're in a fasted state early in the morning. This helps to mitigate super high spikes in cortisol, right? That's going to be in adrenal response, which, again, is a cat about hormone. So, we don't want that happening. Now, this or Miss Cardio tends to utilize about 90% fat as the fuel source, right? The oxidation source versus, let's take hit or weight training, right? Very similar impacts to your central nervous system. If we took hit training, that's using about 90% glucose and ATP as the fuel source. So, we wanna get strategic on what we're leveraging each of these. The benefit of hit would be higher amounts of total calories burn per minute, right? You might burn in one hour session and if you did hit cardio, which is a lot of cardio, by the way, one hour of hit might give you, let's say, 700, 800 calorie expenditure on that particular modality and you might only get 500 calorie expenditure doing lists or miss cardio on that same modality. But, if you look at the percentage split again, it's gonna be heavily heavily shifted towards body fat while preserving more of that muscle mass when you're doing lower to moderate intensity cardio. So, that's the main thing that we look for. In general, guidelines where we're talking about intensity duration of lists or miss, I would recommend typically 30 to 60 minutes at that 60 to 70% heart rate max. That's gonna again promote more fat loss without excessive fatigue or excessive strain on your adrenals. Whereas, hit might be better utilized later in the day. So, let's say, post meal one, maybe it's post workout, assuming it's not after, let's say a really hard leg day. If your goal is to maximize your leg development. But, when we're in a cutting phase and you need to get more cardio in, hit can actually save you some time as well. So, if we are very limited on time, you've only got 15 to 25 minutes to spend towards cardio. You might want to consider hit in that scenario because we can get a higher amount of calorie loss. So, generally, I like to do my list or miss cardio. That can be anywhere from three up to six or seven times a week for those shorter, we'll call it more reasonable intervals 30 to 60 minutes. However, when we're talking hit, I like to minimize that, especially when you're already training four to six times a week. With weights, I like to minimize hit to 15 to 25 minutes, one to three times a week and strategically after a meal or post workout. Hit cardio is also gonna help improve your VO2 max and calorie expenditure. But again, it carries a cost which is going to be some disruptions to your recovery curve. So, you don't want to time, you're, let's take your lagging body part, right? We need to bring the glutes up significantly, right? We need to develop a lot more muscle density there. So, we might have more food, more calories on that day. We might train lower rep range, right, lower volumes, but heavier weights. And then we need that recovery with nutrition, sleep, hydration. If you're adding in a lot of hit cardio after training that lagging muscle group, you're disrupting that recovery curve and it can actually be counterproductive. You might get some weight loss but you're also not developing the muscle that you're trying to develop. So, just keep that in mind and try to space those out on days that you're not training, you know, that lagging muscle group. Purityization, so early in prep, we like to think about doing a mix of hit and list, right? And we might mix those up again, one to three times a week hit and then the rest being list or moderate intensity. But then later in prep, especially as you get into that two, three, four week out window from a show and you're already near stage condition at this point, we wanna start to reduce fatigue. In order to do that, I like to shift some of that cardio back to low or moderate intensity. This is gonna help manage your cortisol. It's gonna also help reduce some of that joint stress. And we'll talk about modalities again that are more favorable if you're having joint stress and inflammation versus, you know, just running your body into the ground with high-emotic cardio, high impact all the time. One cardio hack is to think of cardio-like weight training, right? Volume, intensity, and frequency need to be managed, not just always cranked up. So, it kind of absinit flows, right? We start to tie training, increase things up, throughout the course of a prep. But then once we peak that out, we've now achieved their stage conditioning or we're approaching over reach and burnout, then we start to pull back. By over reach and burnout, what do we mean? When we're talking about cardio specifically, some key indicators that I would look for on prep. If an athlete is doing, let's say, two to four weeks apart, they're doing body composition scans in body or dexa. And we get two or three data points in a row where we see skeletal muscle mass decline, right? This is a very clear signal. It could be cardio-related, it could be recovery-related or combination, could be nutrition-related, and when we're looking at cardio, the first thing I do is review what's our total volume, are we doing 250 minutes per week, are we doing 500 minutes per week? Is it lists or is it hits cardio? What is the timing? Is it fasted or is it post-meal one or later in the day? And this is where you can really get surgical with the cardio. And again, it's not just cranking it up. It's about strategically periodizing the cardio in a way that helps give the benefits of cardio, like nutrient partitioning and fat loss, and cardiovascular improvements, emotional improvements, right, destressing without risking burning muscle tissue. And that's a very fine balance. So monitor those biomarkers, other good ones for me are HRV and resting heart rate. So heart rate variability, especially overnight, we want to see that stable or if anything, we'd love to improve it, right? We'd love to see that high in trending upwards over time. If we start to notice it declining, or we start to notice resting heart rate, starting to creep up over time, to get indicator we might need to rethink our cardio schedule to allow for more recovery. So a good segue there, right? We talked about some of the different types of hits versus list cardio and some of the precarious supplementation. Let's talk about fasted versus evening cardio a little bit more in depth, right? Fasted cardio, again, increases the reliance on fat oxidation. So about 90% or so, especially if we're doing low to moderate intensity. You know, even yo-him buying, if we think about that supplement, we mentioned earlier is going to be more productive in that fasted state, right? When we're talking about lipoluses and these things, we're setting ourselves up to burn more fat when we are in that fasted state, but we don't want to overdo it to the point where we're breaking down muscle. And again, the con of doing cardio in that fasted state is the higher cortisol. Cortisol not only catabolizes muscle, but cortisol actually stores visceral fat. So example, if you have high cortisol late in the evening overnight, for one, it's going to be annoying because it will disrupt your diurnal patterns and your sleep. But it can also increase belly fat storage or visceral fat. So if we're doing overdoing the fasted cardio to the extent that we're now in this kind of fighter flight, right, our sympathetic nervous system's getting too taxed, we get the higher cortisol, higher muscle, catabolism, and all of the things we don't want as a bodybuilder on prep. Another article that you guys can cite there is Harowitz, and that's a 1999 article. Again, if you want to research and go a little bit deeper on why these things happen in the body, it's actually really fascinating stuff. So we touched on fasted cardio. Let's talk about the difference when we go back to our evening cardio. And I say evening, but honestly, this could be anytime after you have food in your system. So we're just talking about fasted state versus non-fasted state. The evening or non-fasted cardio, one of the pros is that glycogen is already partially replenished. Cortisol is lower later in the day and after food. The con would be high intensity cardio or hit too close to bedtime may impair sleep. So again, a hit cardio is going to have a similar effect in your CNS central nervous system as heavy weight training right before bed. So if you are noticing some sleep disruption there, you might want to rethink the timing of your cardio. And sometimes it's inevitable. You might have a job where you're working all day long. Maybe you've got kids and responsibilities and you're not able to work out until the evening time, maybe you don't have cardio choices at home, so you have to do it. Post workout at the gym in the evening. And this is a good scenario where you might have to get a little bit creative on how we structure that cardio, so that it's not disrupting or interfering with your sleep and ultimately your recovery and performance. One cardio hack there too is use fasted cardio in moderation, especially deep in the prep. For off season or recovery days, evening cardio is actually left less stressful. If you are post show, you're reversing out, you're trying to restore your hormone access, right? HPG and man, HPO, HPA and females. We're trying to restore this hormone access. And if we're slamming the body again with six days of fasted cardio for 45 minutes, that's really causing further hormone suppression. So we want to start to pull back on some of that. This is where less actually yields more results. And we want to allow our journals and our central nervous system to recover better. So calories come back up. To maintenance, we pull back some of those inputs from cardio and training and the hormone access start to restore themselves. So just keep that in mind. It can be very useful. The other reason or way that I use it even in lifestyle, clients or for off season is for the nutrient partitioning benefits. And what I mean by that is, in fact, I think we did a full episode on this recently, but what I mean by nutrient partitioning is the way that our body utilizes those macro nutrition, that macro nutrition. Are we storing it as excess energy? Are we driving glycogen to the muscles? Are amino acids being converted into the muscles throughout the protein synthesis, mechanism. Versus, if we do no cardio, we're not really getting circulation. We're not inducing any nutrient partitioning. Chances are we're probably going to store a lot of those calories as excess body fat or energy. That is just energy. So we want to be in control of that. And one risk, again, with too much cardio similar to doing excessive amounts of fat to cardio, if we do just too much cardio in general, we do risk muscle catapulism. And it can also come down to not just frequency throughout the week, but the duration of the session. I have seen athletes that have done 90 minute sessions of cardio multiple times a week. And that's too much, right? Similar to being in the gym, pumping iron for two to three hours at a time, it's too much and actually becomes counterproductive. So not only do you get like, if we were to graph this out, but diminishing returns, but you actually get it to climb where it's now burning muscle tissue, which is defeating the purpose, right? And if you lose, think about this on prep. If you lose five pounds on the scale, you might be excited. And then you go and check your body comp, and it's like, wait a minute, I lost two and a half pounds of muscle, and I lost two and a half pounds of fat. And my percent body fat is actually the exact same. I just lost muscle, right? So we don't want that to happen. We want to preserve muscle. There's strategically programming cardio. So it should not be excessive of why those really, for me, it's anything over 60 minutes, even if it's low intensity. But certainly, we shouldn't be getting into the realm of 90 minutes or more cardio procession. That's guaranteed. And you know, acid breakdown, hormonal stress. So chronic high intensity cardio definitely reduces testosterone. So some hormone suppression, again, that would be HPG and HPA suppression, in this case, hypothermic, the two-attary gonad or adrenals. And it's also going to have a negative unfavorable impact on your thyroid output. So what I mean by that is conversion of T4 and T3, some of those hormonal pathways, definitely take a hit when we have too much hormonal stress that's induced by high stream amounts of constant cardio. Now, one session here there, you missed a half hour cardio yesterday, you want to make it up today. One session here there isn't going to kill you. But if you're doing this consistently and we're programmed around these excessively high amounts of cardio, definitely going to see some counterproductive things with your hormones down the stretch. You guys can reference Hackney 2001 article for that really good article on hormone stress. And then plateau risk, we see this a lot. So a lot of times, athletes might start a prep. And they're doing absolutely. They're losing weight, they're re-comping, dropping pretty consistently in linear. And then all of a sudden, we start to plateau. Recovery ability goes down. Strength starts to take a toll, inflammation, the tired, chronic fatigue. And when we start to plateau like this, again, these could be indicators that we're just putting too many inputs, too many stressors onto our nervous system. And one of those stressors could be in this situation cardio. So if we look at the cardio schedule for that particular client and we see that, oh, they're doing an hour in the morning. They're doing another 30 to 60 minutes post workout. And then they're going for an evening walk. They're turning five days, six days a week. Right away, we would identify that it's too much. The body is not able to recover. We're disrupting that SRA's, demunous recovery adaptation curve. And we're starting to blunt progress. We're also blunting fat loss. And progress is now stalled. So this would be a scenario where we identify that there's too much cardio. And we need to be more strategic with the types, duration, and tentities, when and how long we're doing those cardio sessions. Now that you guys have a pretty good foundation of knowledge on what can we do to enhance get the most out of our cardio with supplements. We've got a pretty good framework laid out for the intensity, the duration, hit versus list. Let's talk about some of my favorite cardio gear hacks. What I mean by this are what tools can we use to even get more out of our cardio, right? One of those, and we have a full episode on this. I encourage you guys to go back through the peak of the Zeke, Vault and Archive. Look up my episode on waist trainers and sweat belts. Excellent information there. And we break down some of the benefits and then also the risks of using things like waist trainers. But when we're talking specific sweat belts, so those would be like your Velcro, Neo-Prin Raps, once it don't have those hard, spiny ribs like a waist trainer, I love to leverage sweat belts. You can actually get them for your thighs too. Excellent choice for athletes, especially women that struggle to lose ECW, extra cellular water or fat deposits and cellulite in the thighs. But for sure, around the core, I like to go to the sweat belt. And I stack that actually with some topical thermo cream. I actually love using creams like steel fit. They've got some good ones for abs of steel, buns of steel, sweets, wats, another good brand. So you can pick one of those up. Even though there's a 3D and 40 Evelyn cream on Amazon, really cheap if you're on a budget, any of these are much better than nothing. And the first question you'll get is, what isn't it just water weight that you're losing? So my short answer to that is, there's some truth to that. You are sweating out extra additional amounts of water. However, what's causing you to sweat in the first place is that thermogenic effect where we're trapping the heat, we're forcing some of the adipose tissue inside those cells to oxidize into heat. So we're exhausting fat using this fuel, exhausting it into heat, which causes our body to sweat. So yes, you are losing a percentage of that as water weight. However, you're also tightening the skin, topical, alkaline, a lot of these have many firming ingredients that also improve skin elasticity. So there's a lot of different benefits from the dermal layer, all the way down into that adipose tissue and accelerating fat loss in those site-specific areas. So I definitely encourage you guys to use them, just have realistic expectations. Just know that yes, you are losing some water weight. And if you lost five pounds during your cardiovascular session, doesn't mean you burn five pounds of fat. But you are getting that 1% edge on the competition. So I'm a big believer in it. Myself, all my athletes have always had success with this. So keep those sweat belts and thermal creams, and then footwear and sportive gear. So things like if you've got joint pain, you've got knee pain as we age some of the impact. Even a treadmill, especially some of those surfaces if they're not intended for running or jogging can be very high impact. Now they make nice or one that you can look for like assault runners or woodweighs that have more of a curved surface, better for landing as you're running, lower impact. Those are definitely ideal, but in the meantime, make sure that you're wearing proper shoes, good arch support. If you need to, add some knee wraps or things that help protect your joints. And this will be a lot more long-term sustainable to make your cardio feel a lot better. Cause I promise you, if you have plants or fasciitis, if you have bad knee pain or shin splints, the treadmill is not gonna be your best friend. It's gonna be really hard to get the most out of your cardio and really push that intensity. So that's actually a good segue into cardio modalities and joint health. When we're talking about what are the ideal modalities if we are struggling with those issues, the shin splint and plantar fasciitis, these sort of things. One thing that I'll recommend right out of the gate is go back to the low to moderate intensity and low impact forms of cardio. So it could be just the basic walk and incline treadmill, slow speed, where you're not running and having the high impact of those steps. But ideally, if you can do some recumbend bike, even up right or stationary bike is fine, elliptical, some stair mills. Again, it depends on what your issues are, but if it's not a high impact issue, you could look at using some stair mills. I also love roars. So if you guys have not used the roar, they are intense. And I used one for the last two to three months going into my Tokyo Pro Super Show that was the last August in 2024. And I was actually having bad shin splints and I do have planar fasciitis. So after five, six months of hard prepping for multiple shows, my knees took a hit and I actually used the roar for about 50% of my cardio, mixed in some recumbend bikes, some upright bike and some elliptical. And I had no issues. I was able to push full intensity. And the roar, I also love it. It gets the core, the legs, everything's working, everything's involved. So keep that in mind, switch up those cardio modalities. And then if you are experiencing joint or impact related pain during your cardio sessions, again, keep your intensities a little bit lower. Don't go to high intensity forms of cardio. Cycling swimming is also good when if you have access to a pool, everyone knows swimming is intense, right? We're burning a lot of calories. Full body workout can also have some benefits and be anti-inflammatory. It's good for overall muscle and joint health. And then sled pushes, or if you need to get the hit cardio in, sled pushes could be a good modality for a low eccentric loading, for example. And if you're doing hit options, some of the options that you have there, sprints, battle roaks. If it's an upper body day and we're trying to deplete, those can be great. Also gets the core and the joints strengthened up. And then again, we talked about sled work. So sled work can be done in pulling, pushing modalities. And they even have the tank M1, M4, if you guys aren't familiar with those really cool devices. It's like a sled, but it's got wheels. And you can change the level of resistance. You can add weight, great way to keep your cardio interesting and fun, but also the most out of it. Guys, if you're just joining us, welcome back to the NASM Peak Fuzique podcast. Today's episode, we are diving into those cardio hacks for body builders. Everything you guys need to know to choose the right type, duration and motalities of cardio. We touched on a little bit of a list and hit. Let's make it specific to body builders. List benefits, long intensity steady state, lower recovery costs. We're gonna have higher volume tolerance. And it pairs very well with prep. Since on prep, we're putting most of that energy into the gym. We're putting most of that energy into pumping iron. We're trying to grow. We're trying to maintain and preserve our lean muscle mass. Hit benefits for body builders could be that it's efficient. Again, if you're short on time, and you really just don't have an hour to commit to cardio and things like this, hit could be a good tool in this scenario where we can take, let's say, 45 minutes of moderate slow intensity cardio and shrink that down to 25 minutes of hit cardio and get a similar energy expenditure output. So keep that kind of back pocket. Keeps athletes athletic. That can also be a positive, not everyone enjoys functional athletic training, but that's something that I've always been a big advocate of keeping your body functional. Even as a body builder, power lifter or anything else. And hit again, if we're going to employ it, we wanna do that earlier in prep. We don't wanna wait until two weeks out for Michelle to start implementing hit because it's just too taxing on our central nervous system and is not gonna allow our bodies to recover. Especially when we're at a caloric deficit. Cardio placement in the training week. So this is a good one. When we're thinking about where should I place my cardio? I've got four days, a fast to cardio this week and I have 50 minutes of cardio. So it'll give me 200 minutes, right? Where do I place it? I always like to have a few basic rules of thumb. One would be avoid long cardio sessions on your heavy leg or your heavy back days. This does, again, to have a disruption effect. If you've taken our PVC course, we talk about breaking those cardio sessions of part, moving them 24 hours away from the recovery curve for either a lagging muscle or these really intense later back days. And it can impair recovery. Therefore, we wanna make sure that we time it appropriately so that there's no disruption effect on that muscle. Best pairing is cardio on upper body days generally. Rest days, active recovery days, or split from training entirely. So if we are training Monday, Wednesday, Friday, we might wanna schedule our cardio on those off days. Not always possible, especially if we're doing a five or six day training split, which is not uncommon by any means, body billing. So then we just gotta be strategic on what days we put the cardio sessions and for what durations. Certainly don't wanna schedule a hit cardio during one of your heaviest leg days of the week. And my hack there, my pro-tip will say, it's just treating cardio as it's its own training variable. It's not just like add-on calories. It is no different than having a workout, right? We wanna treat the cardio as a workout. Other things that you can do as well. So I wanna kind of recap all this because we talked about a lot here in a lot to unpack. But as we're getting more and more strategic, you've got periodization with your cardio, you've got maybe shifted more towards hit cardio in the beginning and we start to phase in more lists or miss cardio as we get closer and closer to showday. And one thing to consider is if we're starting to hit a limit, we're starting to see decline in skeletal muscle, we're starting to have muscle catapulism, is we may need to actually pull back on cardio or change around some of our timing. And then employ additional neat calories or step count, right? So what I mean by that is not exercise activity with our motion is this is gonna be a lot more friendly and supportive on your arenos. You're not going to have the severe cortisol spikes that are causing muscle catapulism, but you're still going to be at a relative energy deficit throughout the day to still stay in track and hit your target. So you could start monitoring your step count. If you have already an active job, maybe you are a personal trainer, maybe you're a nurse, a mailman, somebody who's getting a lot of steps and activity in anyways, you can start to count this towards your cardio session. And last hack, this is one of my favorite hacks. When all else fails and you should be doing this anyway, you can shift the percentage of your cardio towards posing, especially you bodybuilders. Looks a surprise for everyone, even if you are a bikini athlete, men's physique athlete, wellness athlete, fit model athlete, but it's really, really intense if you're in bodybuilding, women's physique, women's bodybuilding classic physique, where we have to flex the entire body very hard. So what I tend to do is let's say I have an hour of cardio that I'm supposed to do each day, three weeks out from my show. I might start to shift back 40 minutes of that. I might keep on, let's say, incline treadmill or a roar or bike, but then that other 20 minutes, I might do specifically hard bodybuilding poses, where I'm holding each pose, let's take our mandatory as a front-to-bow bicep. And I'm gonna hit that pose with the same intensity as if I'm on stage. And I'm gonna hold every single pose 30 to 60 seconds. This also improves your muscle conditioning in two ways. One is the aesthetic conditioning of body composition, but the other is the ability to hold your poses, contract the muscle at near maximum voluntary contraction for extended periods of time without exhausting yourself. And trust me, if you're new to this, you'll be sweating, like crazy, it's harder a lot of times than the cardio itself. So this is another great way. You got the high impact issues where you have joint stress, or you really just need to practice your posing more. Start integrating it in addition or in place of some of your cardio, and you'll get some really good results there. Guys, key takeaways and practical hacks, use caffeine, electrolytes, so not just gimmicks, they do have actual benefits, always get those electrolytes before ingesting any caffeine if we decide the caffeine is appropriate for you. Keep your cardio within recovery limits, right? Don't chase the sweat, chase sustainability, it's no good if it causes you to burn out halfway through prep. Match cardio type and timing to your goals. Also, based this on your joint health and what phase of prep you're in. Remember, hit cardio earlier in prep, start to shift that balance towards Liz cardio. And likely, even drop hit cardio altogether two to three weeks out, especially if you're already at stage conditioning. And then number four is gonna be prioritizing recovery. Cardio's a tool, it's not the end goal, it's not the end all beyond, it's a tool to help move us closer to that physique outcome and stage conditioning that we're looking for. So guys, that's all I've got for you today on cardio. To remember, it's not a punishment, it's a strategy, use it to your advantage. And if you guys want more follow-up information, you can reach me online at AndreAdamsOfficial.com. You can also reach out via email at trainingbytrayadgmail.com or you can find me on Instagram and YouTube at AndreAdamsOfficial. Thank you guys so much for tuning in. If you got value out of this episode, please share it with the least one friend. And when you employ some of these cardio tactics, tag us, we'd love to hear how it's going for you, what things are you learning about your own prep and your own clients. And we will see you guys next time on the Peak Physique podcast.