Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and live. My name is Prentice and I am here as always with Wendy Bats and Marty Miller. How are you all doing today? Thank you. All right and today we're going to continue our discussion with CES and we want to dive a little bit deeper into the first two steps in the corrective exercise process. Just in inhibiting and lengthening and I'm just going to say something about that briefly and then I'll let the two of you dive in. So ideally what we want to accomplish in inhibiting to use a simple analogy, we want to turn the volume down in that muscle so that we can actually get. We can actually go to the second lesson and allow flexibility to occur. So these are these two steps are very important before you take your clients through any sort of intense exercise or even try to do the next two steps in the corrective exercise process. So Marty can you tell us what's happening, what's the nervous system doing, what's happening, what's happening chemically when we when we inhibit a muscle. Gotcha. Well, there's a lot going on. I mean we've all, you know, throughout the time got either massage or just felt something tight and we just, you know, started to just kind of grab a muscle and squeeze it. It's just almost like a natural thing when we have we feel some excitement in a muscle. So really in the simplest words as you said it's turning it down. So what's happening is that increase in pressure. The body senses that and the goal G tendon organ is like, well, wait a minute, you know, there's a lot of pressure here. I'm going to relax myself. So I'll go back to why that is is. Thank goodness, Francis, I'll speak for us because we're man and we would do stupid things and get hurt that our body has these natural protective mechanisms Wendy smile and because she knows right. That if there was too much load, we might just kind of keep trying to lift it right, premise and then eventually something bad could happen like, you know, too much tension could cause a strain, a stress, a snap. So there's this protective mechanism in the body, your goal G tendon organ that senses, hey, pressure is building up here. I don't like it too much pressure. I'm going to cause relaxation. So we can use that protective mechanism to our advantage by using foam rolling. So we put some pressure into the body, the body and the muscle sense that and then just causes a real relaxation of that. So really that's all we're doing is getting the central nervous system to sense the pressure and then say, okay, that's enough. Let's just calm it down and let that muscle come back to its normal resting, you know, excitability should cycle. Okay, and Dr. David Bane, who's one of the, he's one of the current leading researchers and flexibility also mentioned a couple of other, a couple of other mechanisms that are in place when we're a foam when we're doing any type of a myofascial technique. Can you explain a little bit what's happening at the what's happening at the muscle spindle. When we're, when we're in inhibition when we're practicing inhibition and corrective exercise process. So the muscle spindle again is another protective mechanism. It's going to sense length and rate of length change. So you know the example I'll introduce if we're playing a sport and I stick my arm out. And somebody runs past me and all of a sudden their force is taking my arm behind me quickly. I don't have time to process that information that rapid stretch will be sensed by my central nervous system. And the muscle spindle is going to cause it to stop that rapid stretch by tightening. So again, these goals you tend in organs and muscle spindles play together in the sense of protecting the body. And one senses the rate of change and the other one senses the rapid change in length. And they'll both at some point cause the muscle to stop. So that way there's no injury and then you can use those to your benefit to cause a relaxation. Okay. All right. So we did at one point in our previous text our recommendation was to just hold the area when we're doing an inhibition for for 30 seconds. But now we've we've relaxed that a little bit. We've we've started to pinning and pin and stretch and and some areas continuous rolling. Can you explain why we've taken that path now. Certainly. So a couple of different things is we've always have with any SM one that research shows that we need to add something to the model will add it. So more and more research has been done on phone rolling and you know, like we call itself myalphascialize now we're calling itself myalphascial rolling because sometimes the answer isn't as always clear on what's going on. We know it works. But there's always been advanced techniques from the physical therapy world, you know, when he's a licensed massage therapist there's always these techniques that have been utilized. In hands on therapy so now there's been more research on can you do some of these with an impromole or ticket extra or maybe more benefits from just that standard rolling. So any SM went out and dug through the research made sure that it was the best apparent research out there and is added things like the pin and stretch. So the pin and stretch is now you're just applying pressure and then you're going through a range of motion. Why you've got that foam roller pinning the muscle now now one there could be more pressure into that muscle activating the GTO etc. But it also helps limit that range that muscle kind of pins it down and then now you can really focus on more isolated parts of the muscle as well. We could kind of lock that portion down and then as you add the range motion now you can really be more specific and targeting how you want to improve that muscle's mobility. Okay great now are there any other mechanisms that that you can think of. Though that that we've talked about in the text that that are happening when we hit it. I know one of the one of the things we talked about was hydration that pressure causing a fluid exchange. Can you talk about that a little bit for our listeners. Yeah so again as we're you know we will highlight one of the key features when we talk about a lot but there's always more going on from essential nervous system also from you know lymphatic system etc because there's always fluid in these muscles right we're hopefully extremely hydrated. We're all going to have hydration to some level but we are moving fluid at the same time so as you're moving the foam roller back and forth. Not just affecting the muscle tissue you're affecting the nervous system as we've already talked about but you're also affecting you know the fluid within that muscle as well to get it like a pumping effect in a sense and increasing circulation moving fluid throughout that muscle so it's great for recovery as away from from a warm up technique and that's why we use it before and after. Okay thank you for for those explanations and I hope that's clear to everyone who's listening. So now Wendy that we've turned the volume down we want to want to stretch one of stretch these joints or move these joints through a greater range of motion increase some of the extensibility in those muscles. Why do we lengthen why do we lengthen and how do you know what to do with. I'm still stretching my hamstrings and we'll not really just. I think it's perfect. I'm not getting any more flexible so what's happening. Well I mean techniques like static stretching and assisted pan F stretching are used to restore the ideal lengthens to relationships that enhance range of motion that of specific joints that were identified as limited during the assessment process. So lengthening techniques like the static and assisted pan F stretch don't actually make the muscles longer but they're leveraging the nervous system to increase the stretch tolerance of the targeted muscles. So increasing the stretch tolerance will improve the tissue extensibility and the ability of the joints to move through greater ranges of motion during exercise. To kind of put it a little bit differently. Lengthening techniques help to further calm overactive and short muscles down and that's going to minimize the effect of altered reciprocal inhibition during activation and integration. Steps of the corrective exercise continuum. So this is going to lead to improve force couple relationships and enhance movement patterns. And so that's why we do it immediately after the inhibit you know in the continuum. So we would formal or you know we would use the inhibiting techniques first and then go into the stretch. Okay perfect. So the next question for you when the is so so how do you know how do you know what we should be lengthening and can we do just a general head to toe yoga routine. Is that going to be beneficial for everybody. So it comes down to what we've talked about and everything you know what what's their basis of determining how what even kind of program to design. It's assessments assessments assessments. So do the transitional assessments look at the overhead squad see what compensations are happening after you put them in the five kinetic chain checkpoints. See where the deviations lie mark it down. If you're new to this type of stuff use the solutions table to find out what muscles are overactive and what muscles are underactive. And then the muscles that are showing up is overactive are the ones that you want to use these specific to technique to focus on first. Because what we're trying to do is gain ideal length back into that muscle that has been shown to be shortened or overactive. Okay, yeah, thanks for that explanation. So what are some general when we're when we're laying. What are some general guidelines? How do we do it? How do we implemented? How do we how do we do inhibition and then this next step without taking up 30 minutes of our training program. Well again, you know, it does take practice and the more that you do this type of thing you're going to realize how long this up takes. You know, we've talked multiple times in the past about, you know, doing the assessment writing down all of these muscles and areas that you need to focus on in order to get greater length back into those shortened and overactive muscles. So you can give your clients homework to do at home so they can work on those. But in the gym, I mean, if you choose anywhere from, you know, I would say two to three or even three to four specific areas to focus on that are causing the biggest compensations. That you that are are going to be the most critical in the program. If you focus on those, I think ideally you're going to set your up for success in the program. Now with that being said, you know, we're doing static stretching. So therefore you're going to get into the ideal stretch, which is you're going to take the muscles to the point of first resistance. So it's going to be a little uncomfortable, but it shouldn't feel like you're stretching the muscle apart. And then you're going to hold that for 20 to 30 seconds. And then, you know, same type of thing with the auto genic inhibition holding that and then once, you know, you can get greater range of motion. You can either go a little bit deeper and do it again. Or you can switch and go on to a different muscle group. So it depends on how much time you have it depends on how compliant or client is. But I mean, ideally, this is super important. And this is also these two areas or the areas that your clients will say, oh, I don't have time for that. Let's just start the program. But it's important for us as trainers that we emphasize the importance of doing it either when they get there on their own and you see them do it. Or you do it with them before you get started. And do you mind if I ask you a follow up question on that? Sure. So everybody's everybody comes in to see you as an individual. And having said that everybody, everyone's nervous system is on different frame. How do you know? How do you know when you're, when your client's ready for the next step of training? What are some things that those trainers listening now? Can look out what can they look out for? Understand to know that their client is ready to move on to activation. Oh, well, I mean, basically, again, you know, it is a continuum. So when you say move on to activation, I mean, you want to look at the muscles that are overactive that you've determined in the assessment. And then you're going to find out what's underactive because once you get the muscle back to hopefully it's ideal length. Because again, you're not going to increase length of a muscle. You're getting it back to its ideal length of what you're hoping for. But in order to maintain that, you have to activate the opposing side, which I know is what we're going to kind of talk about in the future. But if you do that, that's actually going to increase range of motion at the joint, which is going to produce better movement patterns throughout the workout. So as soon as you get done with again, three to four stretches, it may not be you're not solving everything at once. And again, it is a, you know, it's a continuum. It does take time. Again, it takes four to six weeks for our body to adapt to the new demands replacing on it. And that includes stretching as well. So we can't just assume that after one or two sessions that that muscle is going to go and be perfect. It does take time and it does take a lot of work. Okay, great. Thank you. And I want to go back to you, Marty. But before I move on, I take exception to something that you said, I've not done anything stupid today. So we can take today. In general. Yeah, in general. I'm on a, it, my clock resets every day. So, so right now, when we're, when we're working within the lengthening, portion of the corrective exercise process, do we only perform static stretching or can we use active and dynamic? And what are the cases for each? Okay. The answer that will be it depends. It depends on what phase of training on it. So in general, we want everyone to go through the, the, the, O PT model and improve their human movement as they go. Sometimes you will find that depending on, you know, when you meet people, what their current training program is, what they're willing to change, you may not get everybody to start back at the process. What we want, of course, the best case scenario. So, you know, if I have someone that's got, you know, they move fairly well, but they still have some slight tightness in there. So, if you have a certain kind of complex, or complex, I could do the foam rolling for whatever body parts I think is appropriate for what I'm going to put them through. I could statically stretch their hip flexors, but then I would go right into active. And I might stay there if I'm going to stay in the strength phase, or I may have to move to dynamic if I'm going to have them go do something more powerful because you can improve a lot of human movement. So, if you're going to be coming right out of, you know, let's say 45 minute commute or, you know, eight hour day at their desk, they might move well, but they still may a week before you put them into, you know, that higher level. So, the way the model is written is in a perfect linear progression and really disseminating what the science is for each of those phases. But that doesn't mean that when Wendy or myself or you apprentice, you know, we train somebody, we don't use the entire model to our advantage. But if I had to say anything more than, you know, what's most important is, don't move them too quickly and don't think, oh, since I can do all three type stretches they're ready for dynamic in power right away, no, it's not what I'm saying. I'm saying that if there's a chance that somebody moves well enough to go through to a power workout, it's okay to do a static stretch in the beginning of the workout. Just remember the models stacked on top of each other for a reason, they still need to do their act of stretching and then they would need to do something dynamic. We're not going to do something statically, get everything to calm down, not fire up those other muscles and movement patterns to get them ready for the power. So, again, the model's beautiful, it's why it answers every question. It's just having a full deep understanding on how to use it case by case. Okay. So, do you mind if I give you a case, I want to put your ATC hat back on for this. And during the ballpark, you're in the ballpark or on the basketball court and you're getting, you're getting your athletes ready to play. How do you take them through the corrective exercise process to get them game ready? Yeah, and then now this is a great point because last time I was in pro sports, I got higher right before the season really started. I didn't have the full off season to get everybody through what I would have wanted to in a perfect world. So, they were coming into me, quote unquote in shape, but they moved for rifically, right? So, athletes are in great shape sometimes, but they're just tremendous compensators doesn't move, doesn't mean they move efficiently. I didn't have the choice of saying, hey guys, time out, I need six weeks. You know, it was like, wait a minute, it's day one spring training. So, what we had to do was kind of merge the whole system together. So, first we did is we did everyone's assessments and we highlighted people that truly needed a lot of attention from corrective exercise, maybe even manual therapy, etc. That we felt, okay, you're not injured, you're still going to go on the field, but you really need a very specialized program that you're not going to get in the teams generalized. Warm up. Then when we did the teams warm up, we started out with some static stretching. We didn't foam roll on the field, but we encouraged people to do it before they would walk out to the field. And then we would go through basically if you have to kind of, you know, gas in a sense where people are going to be tight. Most people are going to be tight in their calf complex, hitplex or complex, add doctor complex, lats, pack, and then neck. And then neck. So, we would put those in in a progressive way where we'd start out slow with the static, then we moved through active, and then we moved into dynamic. And then in between there, I put some core stabilization exercise in, they would do a plank. They might do a side plank, they might do a bird dog, they would do some loop bridges. As I moved out of static into the other phases, so that way, I'm getting these movement patterns fired up, I'm getting their central nervous system fired up, I'm starting to get them a little more ready from when we got them up and started doing some. Running programs, but again, even the running was progressive, right, 50% and a longer deceleration 75% then I'd start to shorten the deceleration. So that way everything would have a very progressive manner and then we really encouraged. They're doing the training that they'd go through all the phases of training and then every time we try to get them to do recovery work is best we could because we need them to be ready for the next days practice. So we would have everybody come in and do foam rolling static, stretching or if they were kind of flagged manual therapy and then that additional process. So if I can so that if I can paraphrase you you're using the process you're calming down their nervous system to get that range of motion and then you're firing that nervous system back up to the speed in which they need to perform correct. Getting that fire backup with the proper movement patterns now because we've got calm things down that maybe we're going to do too much work if we jumped right in and ahead them start moving. Okay, and I'm going to ask you the same thing Wendy because I know that I also did this while ago where you would have a player who players are now using personal trainers in addition to their their strengthen conditioning staff with their teams. I've had the player come in like five weeks before the season or five weeks before big fight and say hey coach I need to get in shape. I need to get in shape for camp can you help me out so when the what kind magic do you work in those five to six weeks before the player has to report. Again, you know I worked with all different sports and I think it really depends on this for itself I mean right now we've got mainly like PGA golfers and MBA people are who I'm currently working with today so taking that into consideration you know you've got these golfers that are still going out I'm going to use golf right now as an example but you've got these golfers that are going out to play practice games and you know because obviously they're not playing anything major right now. However, they're coming in with three degrees of internal hip rotation and they're still doing things and wanting to know why they can increase their club head speed or why they're you know feeling things and their lower back when you know us now as professionals and kind of getting used to using this this continuum and then trying to build off of it. You're going to look at the assessment again you're going to find out what's over active so when a client comes in and and we have a certain amount of time we are going to try to inhibit those those areas that are over active. We're going to activate it and so for us like I'm trying you know and it doesn't matter what athlete but if I now bring in an MBA guy you know the guys that we have come in I'll do some manual therapy work. I'll have them I'll do some P&F stretches with them then we immediately go into activation and that's with everyone so every one of my clients no matter what phase they're in I immediately have them do some sort of group bridge and lateral to walking. And for me it's because a majority of those individuals especially professional players and every day people that sit down and have common compensations their glutes are weak their outer hips are weak and they're causing a lot of. You know movement and balances that are going to affect their overall performance in their program so I always choose to worth three corrective exercises that we do and then we begin their actual their actual workout. So you know if there's major compensations will start in phase one if we're limited on the amount of time we have we may do you know phase one for a week or two depends on how often I get to see them. And then we would go into a phase and then we may have to jump straight into power I mean it depends on how long I truly have to get them ready to go. But you know if it's a complete off season that we actually go through the entire five or six phases depending on how we're looking at it. Or even seven up and seeing us all the way up to to power and or max power and and then we're undulating the periodization you know so we're trying to maximize and make them as explosive as possible but so making sure that every time they walk in. They're not broken down and if so we need to try to look at what are the major things we're seeing right then let's. Let's try to relax those muscles are active and then immediately debate those things and then get them into their program so doing this the corrective exercise continuing on the front end of any workout. I think is. Is very critical for what I do and for and I've seen nothing besides success using it with anybody whether they've ever worked out all the way up to the highest level. Okay, thank you for that and Wendy we want to stay with you. I want to ask you a couple more questions so you're going to have to go to your put your LMT hat on tell us. Now we talk about the foam roller and we have various vibration and percussive techniques but can you elaborate on some inhibition techniques that we can use. For for our muscles in the first part of the corrective exercise continue. Well sure I mean as a license professional can use the manual therapy techniques like you know massage or assisted soft tissue mobilization. However if we're looking at the context of a personal trainer or extra sized corrective specialist or fitness you know fitness and strength and conditioning professionals. You can leverage tools like foam rollers the roller balls the handheld devices like a stick at their cane. You know it's anything like that to perform compression or compression with movement techniques to target those specific soft tissues. You can also you know use local vibration tools like the the high price. You know the Viper the high for sphere balls and and that's something that the clients can use themselves at home as well as when you're with them. And you can also add the local vibration you know because there's a ton of benefits with that. And you can also add a little more effective at enhancing range of motion than just rolling alone. And it also increases the pressure paint tolerance making it less painful for clients which you know. A lot of times people don't like to foam roll because it hurts too much and sometimes that vibration can calm that down as well. And then of course there's the handheld muscle percussion devices like the hypervolt or the theragon those type of. And then you can also add the devices that offer a little more passive experience with your clients and then have have also shown to be also very very effective. Okay, I want to ask you brought up a really good point about vibrant and tolerance. So when we're using those those vibration or progressive devices do we what setting do we want it on do we want it at the low setting or do we turn it up to 11. Hi, you know start high. No, you know it really depends on it depends on the area that you're working on. I mean, you know to me personally if I'm using let's say the Viper which is the foam roller and I have it on my back and I'm like doing you know trying to get a little more. The ratic extensibility and mobility and that portion because I'm at a computer all day. You know if I put it up really high I feel like my my rib cage and my heart are going to explode out of my body and it's just not very comfortable. You know so for that area I may choose a lighter setting. I mean always start light and work your way up because again, you know you don't want to go to the dreams as a lot of different. Research out there depending on the the actual vibration hurts and stuff and like. You know what kind of benefits you get in certain areas of your body but in all reality if you're client's going to do it. Then let them kind of play around with the settings and have them do it on one that they're comfortable with and then as that gets easier. Then you know for instance on the Viper there's three levels start at one then go to two and then go to three and it can be over time or it can even be in that same session. So if you're doing your calves start at one then go to two and then go to three. All right. Thank you and and there's no and then going with that higher setting there's no adverse effects nothing that trainer should be worried about using those higher settings with the client. I mean obviously you know we want to think about the contra and occasions anyway so you know if there's any contra and occasions to start and they shouldn't be using any type of. And so you know if they're going to be using that type of. They're not supposed to get deep in sheer massages I mean you know we want to look at whether that person should be even doing you know using that type of. That type of device before they even try this so I mean if they've gotten cleared the doctors cleared them they've never had any problems and they they want to use it. Then I think it's it's fair game and they're going to get a lot of benefit out of it. So since you were just talking Wendy I'm going to give you a break. And get back to you. So we'll start with you Marty this question is coming in from Hannah and Hannah wants to know if you can elaborate on the pen and stretch technique. She uses the specific examples of the calves or or the quatt quadriceps hit flexors. What do you mean by saying move through the range of motion while rolling I think you got you touched on that earlier she says that she's CDS certified but with the old material and not she doesn't understand what encompasses the. And then stretch technique gotcha. So let's start if we were doing our calf complex a lot the way I like to do it is I'll go through the whole muscle belly and see if I find an area that's more sensitive than others if you're in a shorter time period you might just go to the first spot you feel. So again you're going to find an area that is sensitive. Again, as always it's appropriate because the pin and stretch technique may make it feel a little bit more intense depending on the person so we don't want it to be that 10 out of 10. So say I'm in mid calf and I feel a little tenderness at that point I'm going to take my foot and now actively beridore suffocation because as I'm coming in a door suffocation my calf complex has to lengthen and now I've pinned that muscle belly down so now I'm getting that. Stretch from where the pin or where I put pressure into that calf complex and I can really centralize that stretch and now I'd also recommend moving in three planes of motion so you can actually rotate your leg a little bit internally rotate your leg. And sometimes as you go through that complex and don't always just stick in that neutral position as on as all your five kinetic chain checkpoints are lying it. It's good to actually rotate and get into some of the perineels is good to rotate internally getting some that medial calf and then I would just do the same thing I would let my foot relax and go into a more planar flexion then slowly it's not a fast motion come into doors of flexion and when I feel increased pressure I'll hold that position. for a second or two and then try to work past that in the quad I'd be more like in my plank position and then I would just bring my leg into or my knee into flexion like my heel towards my butt and again trying to increase that length in my rectus for more as quad as. finding that pressure point again I'll also roll my leg back and forth internal external a little bit to see you know if I can really find that specific area as I go through that knee extension to knee flexion. Thank you for that Marty and I wanted to I wanted to highlight something that both of you said both of you said earlier and that's about that that pain response now your body tightens up because it. in some cases it can be a protective mechanism it's not sure what it's doing in space it's not going to allow that joint to move and what you're doing when in that pin and stretch technique Marty. laid that out force perfectly but when you're moving that joint through its active range of motion your body's going to give you a couple of signals a couple of barriers that. you don't want to cross or it's going to start to have the opposite effect so you want to move gradually. gradually increase that range of motion until your nervous system says okay I get it you can move now so. and that's something as Wendy said also you need it's going to take time to practice to learn how you learn how you move learn how your clients move so that you can use this technique effectively and when you did you have anything to add to that point. I think you guys did a great job. Okay so this next question is for you Marty you see a bunch of compensations on your assessment how do you know which to inhibit and which to lengthen can you inhibit some and stretch others and do they have to be the same so let's give you let's give. let's give you a case of an asymmetrical way shift that's something that we may commonly see on an overhead squad assessment and take us through that process and I think that'll answer. help answer the question. Sure so starting from the high it like the broadest answer then working our way down is you can foam roll every muscle group you know because muscle that's chronically shortened is going to have tension and a muscle that's constantly lengthened and being pulled on and is sent is going to have tension. So the good news is you can foam roll everything as long as you're following the instructions in the book you're not like foam rolling your sternocloidal mass to either you're putting the big foam rollers in your lumbar spine or so it was fine so if you follow those guidelines. You can foam roll any muscle now in the book we are identifying the overactive tissues because we're really trying to get to the point and change how people move. So we're foam rolling the overactive muscles that are causing bad motion or faulty movement and then we're going to statically stretch those now when you go to the static stretching you only want to lengthen muscles that are chronically lengthened there's no value in stretching every muscle. Every muscle it's already at its maximum length or past you're not going to get any benefit and kind of going back to what you said in the last. Second or two is you can go in the opposite direction and you know get negative effects so be very specific. So we have the solution table in there for you so study that every time you assess somebody. You're going to look at exactly what muscles are listed and that's at the best way to learn. So I'm going to pause and say don't go by how somebody feels necessarily because they lengthened muscle can feel tight to somebody that's why we assess. You know we've talked about the hamstring complex before. So now when we jump into the asymmetrical shift now let's just talk about going through just foam rolling the muscles that are overactive and stretching the muscles that are overactive. Okay, so if we're having an asymmetrical shift to my right. So you've got to look at the best way I remember when I was taught is think about the pelvis. Did the pelvis move toward one femur in a way from the other that's how you determine what's adopted and what's abducted because that really confuses a lot of people. I wish I had my dry eraser board when you know that like to draw. So if I shift to my right my pelvis move to my right which now means my pelvis is closer to my right femur. So it's in a generally ad-ducted position. Now since my pelvis moved away from my left femur that's in an ab-ducted position. So those would be your overactive muscles right off the bat. So you would go through and it's again it's in the manual it's in your textbooks on which ones you'd fall and which ones you would activate. So you're going to actually do the opposite on each side of your body because again going back to stretching everything and strengthening everything. If you have an asymmetrical shift, how can you correct it if you don't do something different on one side of the body than the other. So that's where a lot of people get confused in the asymmetrical shift. You know we're not going to meet we you know towards the end of these maybe Wendy Bolver and asymmetrical shift is a case study but generally speaking clearly my right ad-ductors would be overactive because they're pulling me you know my femur my pelvis together. And then my left abductors would be overactive and so I go through that process and that's what I foam roll to inhibit. And then I stretch and then we go to the opposite muscle groups to activate to try to bring everything back into its ideal posture. Okay, thanks for that answer to for you. Yeah, and I want to pick up pick up one of the other points and kind of use our assessment flow chart as as an example. You get a lot of compensations we've all been sitting at home for six to eight weeks. We have stuff going on. There're going to be a lot of there going to be a lot of muscles that show up tight on our transitional assessments. How do you know which ones to prioritize so that we're not doing this forever. Yep. So I think we touched on this before and you know the key thing is and Wendy mentioned this in the very beginning practice practice practice practice the more you practice the more you're going to see patterns. Right, you're going to see hey if I do this I saw a lot of things clean up and again remember there's more than one assessment which will help you narrow in your focus. So if you do the modified assessment you elevate the heels and you see everything clean up you know hey a lot of things improved when I focused and I took the foot nank a lot of it so they must have a lot of issues there. And then you're also as you study the solutions table you're going to see that the hip flexors cause multiple movement compensations. So you'll start to learn how to prioritize also if somebody has more than one compensation which is very common two things you're going to look at which is the the biggest compensation. And then also what body part of my training today from doing total body then I may have to kind of look at though everything but if I'm only doing lower body. And then I think about their arms falling forward as much as I would their low back archer their feet turn out. So that's where you have to determine on you know is it a half hour program and I'm not doing total body and I'm only doing lower body today well then I'm going to focus of course on their lower body. If today's more upper body day and they're doing some pressing patterns then I may have to look at okay why their arms falling forward why do they have the forward head posture. We want to clean it all up. Again, you know, going back to what when he said the better you get a programming I can sprinkle in what I call a lot of accidental exercise. Why I'm doing other things you know keep in their chin in the right position keep in their shoulders back like you by keeping those five kinetic chain checkpoints in order at all times. Those positions you're getting them more used to those positions even if I didn't have the chance to foam roll and do all the stretching I'd still rather teach them to always be in the right five kinetic chain checkpoints if I had to isolate their lower body still going to have some carry over not as good as if we had the time to do everything. But that's why you know when the hammer those five keys all the time she calls it and that's why she's smiling in everything because again. It all it all add up over time and making somebody a more efficient mover. Okay, thank you. Thank you, Marty. I want to go back to you. I want to go back to you Wendy and Marty brought this up a couple of times with the with the head. Now we've all been working at home. We've all been working at home and I like everyone have a screaming case of laptop neck. And my where my upper cervical spine is is hyper extended so I have that forward head forward head carriage. Let's go back to. Inhibition techniques and. Is there anything we can do that a trainer can do or someone can do to inhibit like that sub occipital area. And so that's something that definitely needs work because of the process we adopt day. Is there something that we can do for that? Well certainly I mean you know the thing is is you know we often see the big foam rollers and obviously now the new hyper volt system. I mean obviously you're not going to take the volt to the occipitals. I mean I get you could but it's probably not advised. You can get tennis balls and put them in a sock and just place them kind of right in the in the base of that area or something that is a little bit harder or even your fingers and just kind of hold those areas and relax it. Now granted if you don't have a license to do that with your client you know you can you can really just get them more instead of inhibiting with a foam roller just get more of the stretch is going on. Obviously we know if it's forward there's internal clata mastoy does really you know causing a lot of issues and the muscles in the back are really weak that's allowing that compensation to occur. So you know by going through the three different next stretches for the scaleings that the sterno and and the levators if they're you know obviously elevated and in a rotated position. So you know you can see that there are two static stretches of those and then then going into just retraction of the chin or I'll tell a client if they're actually driving. Try to actually make double chins against the back of their their headrest because when people drive now you'll notice that a lot of the car seats even push their head in a forward position versus keeping them in a back position or. You know just going through doing just chin tucks you know for as slow you know hold for three to five seconds and then relax so there are different things that you can do without it having to be like this big long you know process it's it's really just kind of looking at what are the muscles that are causing it and then how can't what can you do to fix it so. Yeah and I love my hypervolt as well just using it back in that area reminds me of a scene from a. No country for old men. Another movie. Yeah, really. But you can take it nice and easy to actually can feel good if you just take it and go there just don't actually hit the bones it doesn't feel the greatest when you're actually in that area. Yeah. Exactly. And let's just stay with you on that on that train of thought when the what if you can't do what if you have. A client that has some challenges with mobility or their ability to get up and down and can't do in hip-a-tory techniques. How do you how do you work with them in this case. Yeah well that's a great question because it's going to you know it commonly happens and so it's very valid. But going back to our earlier question about you know what are the different ways to inhibit a muscle for the clients who are less mobile. You can leverage some of the different tools that are available like the handheld devices such as a stick with their cane to stuff that we've discussed. But you know you can also modify the position of your client by doing things in a seated position standing things like that. Some of the more recent research shows that you don't need a ton of pressure to elicit positive you know a positive effects. So with rolling and other myelfashile techniques like harder is not always better so you know to that point and other advantage with these tools that use vibration. You know is that you don't necessarily need a ton of pressure to still experience the benefits. You know especially if you are using something with a vibration stimuli you know but you know if worst comes to worse you know you can take a client and put them up against a wall with a foam roller and just have them kind of lean into that. You know you can take a roller and put it underneath and their ad dr. Magnus and have them sit into that. So you don't have to always put someone on the floor you know you want to think. If if you can't get them in a comfortable position and they can't for some reason do any kind of of rolling technique or any of these other you know using any of the other devices because maybe they they do have a contraindication. Then you would just take that out of the program because it's not beneficial for that client and it's deemed unsafe. So then you would just have them do static stretches you know on the appropriate muscles that they need to stretch. You know you're going to do that instead of maybe just doing one rep for 20 to 30 seconds you may have them to two or three different reps and instead of doing to 20 to 30 seconds maybe you hold them a little bit longer. So again everyone is individualized for a reason and you just kind of have to think of what's going to benefit them the best to get. You know any kind of elongation of a muscle that has been shown to be short or overactive. up on one more, one more, we're actually one of the points that you made about not needing super hard foam rollers. Now both of you fork with big athletes and you may have seen in the popular fitness space a couple of years ago that you get some of these big guys in there, the proponents of taking something just short of a steam roller and rolling over the muscle. Even with, even with someone that big, can you explain the density of the roller and kind of what they should be using to have beneficial effects? This is for both of you, just jump right in there. Well, so I'll go first, sorry Marty, but like because I'm sure you can pinpoint something then I'm, and you know obviously this after the implement, the less pressure is going to be put on it. You know, so again, you know the foam rollers that are white, they break down very easy, but they're also give, they have a little bit more give, so they're not as painful, you know it usually goes white and then you know blue and then gray and then you know then you can get into some of the ones that have you know the harder devices that don't break down over time. Obviously you want to think about the density of the roller as well. The smaller the implement, the deeper it goes. So if I did you know where to do manual therapy, my thumb is going to hurt a heck of a lot more than if I gave a client a foam roller because my thumb is a lot smaller than a roller. So you want to think that if a client cannot relax and they can't, they're in so much pain and you have them on a white foam roller and it's the easiest one that you can possibly give them and they still can't relax on it then they're really not going to get the benefits that we're talking about in the whole purpose of why we're having them rolled to begin with. So at that point what you do is give them two rollers and put them side by side because again you gotta think now instead of it being more specific you increase that that you know the roller is now over a wider base so you're not putting as much pressure on those specific points. Oftentimes you see people on their you know their TFL or you know they're rolling their their quads and they're so miserable and they can't relax really getting the benefit but if you put two rollers side by side then they start to relax and then it gets easier and as their body adapts to that then you can take the other roller away then you can start to increase the the stiffness of the roller or whatever implement you're using to to get those benefits. Okay Marty do you have anything to add to that? No I've covered everything but the the only thing I'd say too is what I see people do is they just think it's better but it's hurt so much that they don't spend any time on the roller and then they go really fast and it looks impressive that they were foam rolling on a piece of PVC which I've seen but I'm like but she didn't spend any time on it because I heard so bad and that's a sue even if their muscle was relaxed so it's you know it's we're looking for desired outcome it's not about you know like you said rolling on like toolballs and PVC and you can get to that point if there's a reason great but also at what point are we bruising the muscle anyways and yeah you know if you need that much maybe you're good and just do a maintenance with something that's not quite so aggressive. Okay all right perfect thank you for that and for those of you who are listening we have a couple more minutes with Wendy and Marty please ask ask any questions that you have this is very important and this kind of sets the table for what goes on or like the effectiveness of your training session so ask questions and while we're waiting let's start with you Marty what are your what are you taking away today and how do how do people find after this sure the biggest thing with any of the corrective stuff and you know I can even tie this into fitness is consistency right like you don't get in shape overnight and you have to do things all the time to stay in shape but corrective is so important because you know Wendy's heard me say I know apprentice you're gonna say no one even sleeps an ideal posture so even if I spent 10 minutes a day doing some light correctives there's 23 hours and 50 minutes where I'm probably in some level of bad positioning the imposters and when I'm working out I should be an ideal posture all the time but you know where computers I travel a lot before all this and you know say a cumulative stress that we have to take care of so I try my absolute best to do corrective multiple times a day you know in between calls it's up I'll go hit a foam roller or two I've got them spread out throughout my house so they're in every room so I don't even have to go search and form I travel with one in my bag one on air plane so I can you know always be doing that so the key thing is be consistent with it and you know you're gonna find such huge benefits that you'll be more apt to want to give it to your clients and then they're gonna see the benefits of it so that's my big takeaway is consistency and then to find me my Instagram is miller dot marty seven two and then my NSM email is marty dot miller at nsam dot oarge all right thank you marty thanks for those thoughts thank you for your contribution today and thanks for sharing sharing some of your afternoon with us but for for you of course and Wendy before you give us your big takeaways Libby has a question and thank you for listening today Libby and I forgot to thank Hannah so thank you Hannah if you're still with us but Libby wants to know if you have any thoughts on voodoo floss bands she found that they can eliminate pain immediately she's never used them on her clients but they enabled her to continue a workout you have any thoughts on that um you know what I'm not I haven't ever used them so I'm probably not the right person to ask for that Marty I don't know if you ever have I haven't used them yet I've been doing the research on it and I think like some other advanced techniques under the right application with the right person and with the right client I think the looks like there could be potential for it I mean I know we cover it in our you know our ad and we add that into our new corrective so I still think it's it is early stages from a research concept so I think that there's we're really going to have to study the contraindications most importantly when you look at really restricting you know that muscles ability to move we're also we talked about blood flow and other fluids that are you're also restricting that so I need to get more comfortable with what if somebody had a blood pressure has a blood pressure like I'm just not there yet to where I'm comfortable giving it out it's but it's on my to-do list to learn because I've seen a lot of people say that they really enjoy it I just don't do anything until I've mastered the technique on myself and know the research behind it so it's it's on my bucket list of need to get better at yeah sorry let me can't can't help you with that and you know out I'll chime in as a former manual therapy practitioner as well largely it you know it depends it works everybody's going to have a different response to any intervention and absolutely what Marty and Wendy have both said to some degree you have to understand what I have to understand the mechanisms honestly and you have to understand the contraindications before you implement that on everyone so anyone so while they may be good they may be good we don't know I don't know if it's good in every circumstance it's just something that requires a little more a little more testing just people are going to respond different different interventions and I think I mean that goes along with everything because everyone is going to respond different some people do excellent with cupping some people do excellent with dry needleing some people do excellent with different types of of treatments and that would technically be another little tool and device that you would use on someone so so again if if Libby's comfortable with it she knows how to apply it correctly the the client is getting results then you know then it's helpful to that client then it would be helpful for her and maybe that's that's an expertise that she puts along in her you know her book of special things that she can do so yeah so Libby your answer is a typical trainers answer I get coaches with with more than 15 percent about 15 years of experience and our answers most of the time it depends so yeah it it really it really does depend but if you're getting some success with it by all means continue definitely continue using that and as we finish up Wendy what are your takeaways for today I think the big thing is again you know start to make sure you feel really comfortable with the assessments because the assessments are really going to dictate what muscles should be you know especially when what we're talking about today what muscles you should inhibit what muscles you should lengthen because again when we start moving on and it is a continuum having these two areas of really being able to identify what's overactive and short is important because it's going to help you and the muscles that are going to be lengthened and interactive and that you want to focus on I think that that we need to really reinforce that corrective exercise can be for everyone so it can be for the high end athletes it can be for someone that's never worked out before and that it can be the beginning of a program no matter what phaser in as long as it makes sense for the client so you know practice some of these different tools if you haven't used some of them before if you've never used the vibration maybe start adding some vibration tools into your into your toolbox and see if you enjoy it and get the you know get the benefits and just yeah like Marty had said over and over look at the solutions table start to get accustomed to to what's over an interactive and then you'll hopefully get a lot out of this yes and again how can they how can people find you after this my Instagram is windy dot bats 13 my Twitter is just windy bats 13 and windy dot bats at nsm.org is my email all right thank you for that and I just wanted to chime in really quickly about any of these solutions what we've given you is we've given you a baseline we've we've we understand from the evidence that that inhibition and linketing work in part as part of this process now there several practices several ways you can accomplish that and not everything could be covered in our test so you know I assume to go out and see what you can add to your toolbox and I'm sure a lot of that fits within within the corrective exercise to you so you can go ahead and challenge yourself and learn different interventions in your scope and apply it to the model and make it work for you so that is all of the time we have for today I want to thank Marty and Wendy again always enjoy learning listening to you talk getting some insight from you about you out there listening was able to take away some nuggets to bring back to your bring back to your training practice have a great afternoon at B.C. and I'll see you we'll see you next time