Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and welcome to my name is Prince and as always on Hud Wendy and Marty, how are both doing this afternoon? Fantastic. Excellent. Thank you. Great. Great. And as always, we have great behind the scenes making sure that this is a well-oiled machine for the driven of the webinar. So we're going to continue our CES discussion and we're going to talk about youth athletes today and talking about some special considerations that you may want to think about when you're training youth athletes, some concepts around them being a special population, some variables that you want to be aware of and we're going to give you a training template. So with that are we ready to go? Yes. So Wendy, how are we going to help me get out of the well and become a hero in a half-shell? Well, again, Marty and I were excited about this talk because there's a lot of information that we can cover on a lot of different variables. And so we are going to talk mainly about strength training today considering we are going to do a program and kind of walk through the things that Marty and I both like to do. And I have done with some of our youth athletes before. So overall, you want to think about strength training. You know, these programs can benefit children and pre-adolescence by improving not only their strength, but also their ability, balance, lipid profiles, fat-free mass and of course personal self-esteem. And research is shown that school-aged children should participate in at least 60 minutes of moderate to vigorous, you know, developmentally appropriate of course physical activity each day. So some of the primary concerns and that's what we want to cover regarding strength training specifically is the safety and its effectiveness. And with some of the research that's out there, you know, if a strength training program follows the recommended guidelines and the precautions and is safe and effective, it's fantastic for children. And there's no real minimal aid requirement for any type of participation, although children must be able to follow directions. They need to demonstrate adequate balance as well as appropriation, which generally occurs around the ages of seven and eight. And you know, of course, starting the program, you know, you obviously want to get medical clearance and a full exam done by a medical professional. Same as you would do with an adult. Okay, excellent. And so I wanted to, I wanted to ask you a question about this. This is open for both of you, Wendy and Marty. We were talking a lot about fund foundational movement patterns. This is one of the considerations when we're training youth. We want to make sure that all of that stuff is dialed in, but in doing some reading and preparation for this, there are a couple of other factors that are important for the development of the youth. And one point is around cognition. How do you help and athlete analyze and understand their movements so that you help them, so that you help them build that mental connection to the movement? And how do you work with them emotionally? How do you get kids to love exercise so that they don't become an adult that has a negative association with training? So any one of you jump right in, tell me your thoughts on that? Marty, you can go first. Sing high and just spoke. No, no problem. So, you know, when you're dealing with youth, obviously, you know, you got to, and this still would go for my regular clients is you got to try to understand what motivates them or what may demotivate them. So you're never going to go wrong with keeping everything positive. You know, especially in the coaching aspect, if you are coaching, if you do crossover and do coach the sport, we're talking about fitness here right now. But you also have to understand that, you know, children, especially if you're doing things in a group, you got to be careful about self esteem issues and, you know, the whole awkwardness that comes with, you know, children and, you know, getting people to make sure that it's a supportive group. You know, you don't want people to be identified and, you know, picked it, you know, and singled out for maybe their lack of ability at this point. You know, apprentice, I know you and I are on the same age when we were back in Fizzad, you know, you picked teams and then you were always worried about being the one that stood there last. So, you know, even when we look at fitness, we want to set everybody up for success and have that positive encouragement because that will absolutely carry over to later in life when people have this negative connotation towards anything exercise or fitness related because not everyone is going to move as well or be as coordinated or as fit. And, you know, there's a lot of factors that go into that and we don't want that to be anything that is magnified. We want everyone to be successful. We want encouragement. We want people to, you know, if there is a group, we want people to, you know, work together to help bring everybody up and, you know, use everybody, you know, to make that a very positive and encouraging environment. And even if you're doing one on one, you're still going to want to highlight the positives and you're going to want to highlight their successes. And then when you look at what we're trying to accomplish, we're really trying to accomplish movement patterns just like we do with our adults. So, I've always said, I don't train movements. I'm not sorry, I don't train muscle that train movements. So, getting that, you know, dialed in in a very early age is going to have great carryover for later in life. And I can use myself as an example. You know, I played a lot of sports and I played outside a lot. But when I first got into your fitness, it was immediately a straight training. It was squats, bench, dead lips, things like that. And I know that affected my long-term movement later in life because I was really locking in patterns under load that I had to kind of change at once I learned these models. So it really kind of, you know, you get this great opportunity to really wire them, you know, from an early age and get them to move well first. And then obviously make it fun and kind of gamle-fi the little bit because children, in essence, they like to play it. So why not make your fitness program more like some type of thing that's fun and engaging for them? I think making it fun and having that positive emotional experience was a lot. Even if someone's not so-called talented, we all know that that kind of runs along the continuum and people get better at their own race. But if they have that emotional buy-in, they will that emotional bond what you're doing with them with movements will go a long way into keeping them focused and involved for the long term. And what do you say about that, Wendy? Yeah, I'm right there with both of you guys. I mean, it has to be fun. And you know, you know, you spoke about this earlier, you know, we really can be a huge influencer and these children's lives to whether they're going to really love whatever it is that you're doing with them or later on decide that this isn't for them for other reasons other than, you know, they're just not skilled at that particular thing that you're showing them. So for example, if it's a specific sport, you want to mode them because the more that they know about a sport, the more they're going to remember or the important points, that's a series for the performance as well as motor skill development. And I think that's crucial. I mean, if you're always saying, that's not right. Don't do this and everything's very negative, then it kind of get a negative thought about whatever it is that they're doing and then they're not going to want to do it any longer. So then they give up and quit, which is obviously what we don't want to happen considering our obesity, you know, numbers as well as just, you know, children lacking the excitement about playing sports and just becoming physically fit. Yeah, and I think you brought up, there's another good point on that slide and that is about specialization. And it very well may be the case that athletes aren't talented in certain sports, but if you, if you get them to love the idea of participating, they will find that their particular niche of sports that are sport or activity that works for them and they'll be able to thrive. Mm-hmm. And that really does kind of bring us into that next one about, you know, the difference is really between sports specialization as well as diversification, if you will. And so like let's take two steps back and let's talk about the difference. Like, you know, early sports, specialization can be defined as like the year rounds, like intensive training and a specific sport with the exclusion of their sport at any age. And then of course, on the other hand, when we're talking about sports diversification, you know, is to participate in a variety of activities through, you know, through an athletes life. And of course, what we've read and what we've seen, this helps develop like multilateral physical, social as well as physiological skills. And so, you know, when you're thinking about that, you want to think about some considerations and concerns for both, you know, so, you know, if you're thinking about, you know, the specific, you know, specialization, you know, and or for, you know, to, you know, make a shot, like really good at something we think that it's going to have to be structured practice and, you know, it's going to contain certain developmental components. And, you know, it's, it's basically working on one motor skill development for that specific, you know, specific sport. And so, therefore, they become very good in knowledge of what motivated in socialization in that one particular area, you know, but then, you know, you're going to have, you're going to have success if you do that, that particular sport. And they will achieve success in that sport setting, you know, including things like running and jumping and kicking and throwing and stuff. And if a child has an amateur, but if I should say, but if a child has an immature level, you know, a fundamental skill development, then they may attempt to play that organized sport, but the experience may not be as positive as someone who was developmentally ready to learn that sport, you know. So, so you want to think about that. And then when we think about this sport, diversification, you know, this can be thought of, again, as playing, you know, many sports. And, you know, Marty and I've talked about this, but this method exposes children to a magnitude of sports that focus on more playing than just practicing, if that makes sense. And it's going to provide an environment that's going to nurture a genuine love for a sport, so that it's productive and structured, you know. And then that way you can have a practice that may follow later on. And, you know, the belief behind the sport diversification is that the physical and cognitive abilities are going to develop quicker, you know, by playing multiple sports instead of just one because the potential of crossover from playing multiple sports. So, you know, for example, instead of just only developing hand-eye coordination as it pertains to hitting and throwing and baseball, you know, a child can be playing baseball and then also play soccer and then they're developing like foot and hand-eye coordination as well. So, I mean, those are some considerations to think about when your child is going into sports, do you want them to play one sport or else those sports? Okay, great point and Marty, do you have anything to add to that? Yeah, and there's, you know, we're talking and there's some great research that's really, you know, coming to the forefront right now, Dr. James Andrews and all the great research that they're doing out of Birmingham, Alabama and they're looking at, you know, for one sport is a perfect example. I live in South Florida. It's a mecca of travel baseball and there's a couple of areas in the country that have the same issue in that right around 12, 13, the parents and or the athlete are kind of putting the individual, uh, youngster into one sport and they're playing it almost year around and, you know, the rate of injuries, you know, for Tommy John surgeries and all of these major injuries that she wouldn't expect to see in youth athletes is increasing as they begin to specialize in one sport. So I know Dr. Andrews, you could find a lot of his research and comments out there that he is basically begging parents not to have athletes specialize in one sport. Especially when you're looking at some of these sports such as overhead throwing athletes, you know, the higher risk for it to begin with and going back to, you know, my original background is an athlete trainer. I went into athletic training to wait for athletes to get hurt. It's not a matter of if it's just a matter of when. So sports are great and we're always going to encourage you to do sports, but we don't do them because they're great for a sports, apetically. But then when you put that stress on the youth skeleton and, you know, when you know, I'll talk a little more about this, you know, you can be setting them up for long term issues that, you know, they may break down a lot sooner, even though they're becoming better in that one sport than these athletes who play multiple sports and all of a sudden you see in peak, you know, towards late high school in the age because they're a more well diverse athlete. Yeah. So that's those are all really good points. Now let me ask you a philosophical question, Marty, how do you manage that? Because the nature of the game is this and this is just my own personal observation. It's a little bit different than when I grew up. There weren't all of these dedicated leagues and the potential for kids, you know, moving forward and playing at higher levels. Maybe they don't get a look unless they spend time in groups like AAU, Ball, and in various sports. How do you manage that and suggest that to parents or maybe in working in collaboration with coaches that we allow them to? We allow these kids to play multiple sports. It's a great thing that you bring it up because I can tell you firsthand I've had these exact conversations being an athletic trainer and, you know, with my background and, you know, because I've trained professional baseball players of course the parents wanted me to work with their kids and so I would have these exact questions and answers, you know, with the parent and I would always do this without the child there. I would sit down with the parent and say, okay, I've got the best interest of your child, short-term and long-term. Here's what I know as a professional is, you know, if you're going to specialize, here's the risks, mental burnout fatigue from the child from just participating in the sport and increased risk and injury and I would just say, here's the data and I would go look up the most current research and show them. And now, if the goal and if this time sits the athlete driving in there that passion about the sport, I was a die-hard baseball guy but I lived in upstate New York. The offseason was forced upon me, right? So I couldn't play all year. I lived in Florida. I guarantee I would have. So sometimes you got the parent that you need to bring them back to reality and calm them down a bit and sometimes it's the child and you got to find that balance. But I would speak the parent, like, okay, if this is going to be a year-round sport, you were really going to have to invest equally in the amount of time and attention to these programs that I give you. These aren't optional. And I asked them to get their recovery and they're sleeping and to, you know, not always play the same position with the coach that they're not getting as many innings because sometimes you're dealing with two coaches. You've got your travel ball coach, you've got your regular coach and they're not communicating and they're getting too much volume in that way. And I really spelled out for them and I think most of it, the parent and the athlete would be very appreciative because if you really show them that, hey, this is based on the best research and this is really what the highest level athletes are doing. You're going to have to do your phone rolling. You may have to invest in the recovery goals and you're going to not have to be, you know, you can't eat Doritos. You're going to have to go to bed early in more water and do all this stuff. You know, the people are compliant and I think they're appreciative and they really want that extra level of service and care and I think it's a great opportunity for all of you profusers to offer that. And if the athletes are compliant, you have a much better chance of getting them to the end goal without injury. But if they don't listen to that advice, you know, at least you do what you can do by offering that full plan. And then that's everything that you can do as a professional. Okay, yeah, thank you for that. Those are all really valid points. Yeah, it's a, it's a, it's a hard sell. But you're really doing, you're doing this in the best interest of your athlete. If you're able to educate them on the, uh, the danger sometimes of doing too much too soon, I don't want to hold this discussion up. We have, I've been looking through the program as we've been talking. Uh, so let's talk about, uh, let's move to movement. Ascension. Are we ready to go ahead? Sure. All right. So of course, you know, as we've talked about like, from multiple weeks now and, you know, obviously, as you NAS and professionals know, you know, movement assessments are just as important with a youth athlete or, um, as, as working with an adult. So, you know, considerations of doing an overhead squat. Of course, you're going to set up these visuals using the five-kinette at change checkpoints. You're going to perform the squats and gather the information that's needed. And then from there, you're going to, to create course and individualize based program, you know, according to the results. If they are capable and you saw that, you know, it would be safe. Of course, for a athlete to perform a single leg squat, then you would go ahead again, set them back up in the five-kinette at change checkpoints. They would keep their hands on their hips and perform five squats. Again, you're going to gather that information. And just as a reminder, if you get different data from your overheads and your single leg squat, you're going to use a lower body data that you received from your single leg squat to build the, the correct program for that specific, um, Colleanne or athlete. Okay. So let's move, I think we're good with, with this information. I think we've talked about the overhead squat assessment. So, um, just some, but let's go back to that. What are some common things that you see with your, with your youth athletes? Well, for me, and fortunately, it's about the same. You know, we still see, commonly, the feet, uh, turning out from overactivity of the lateral gastroccans, or head of the bicep fem, uh, of course, because they're sitting for long hours in a day at school, uh, so hip flexors are overactive. And then they go and do some sort of hip flex dominant, uh, sport, such as running and, um, being in a, in a shortened position. That's not uncommon. So overactive hip flexors. And then, of course, the being, uh, on their phone, on their computer sitting at a desk, the rounded shoulders and forward head. So those are the common ones that I see. And again, I don't, I can't say that there's something that is more noticeable with youth athletes than even my professional athletes that have been in the league for years. I don't see a lot of differentiation in between the two at all. Oh, that's it. I think you're going to go ahead. The only thing I was going to add in there is this all is very relevant for just youths. If you're training youths as well, you know, not everyone's going to train youth athletes. But what I've noticed, you know, and I think the status out is this the youth tend to be a less conditioned and we were at RA to be used to play outside. We used to just be more active even if you weren't quote unquote an athlete. There was just more, you know, physical activity. So, you know, even if you're not dealing with youth athletes, I think everything that we're talking about is still very relevant and pertinent to those people that you're just trying to get to become more physically fit that may never play to organize sport. Yeah. And just for people listening, I'm using athlete in the ubiquitous sense. I treat everyone as an athlete regardless of where they are just in my mind competitive or not competitive, recreational. So, once you get in there and you're working out in the gym, regardless of how you perceive yourself to me, you're an athlete. I have to treat you that way. And just one thing, the reason I asked that question previously is that because my daughter is in dance, I see two a dancer, a lot of low back arch, and because they haven't developed strong movement patterns. In their hips, I see a lot of with their or strengthen control in their hips. I see a lot of challenges with knee valgance, a lot of knees, caving in, and feet flattening. So, that's why I asked that question. I just wanted to know if there's some other commonalities in those compensations. But let's move ahead. Let's talk about our dynamic assessments and what we're looking for in both of these tests. So, again, you can perform any dynamic assessment that you feel is going to be appropriate based on the sport, as well as based on the individual that's coming in to see you. For this particular webinar, Marty and I chose the Davies test, as well as the less test. And so, again, if you're not familiar with the two, if you look bottom right, you're going to see kind of an example of both of those on the chart. So, you would get in the Davies test, you would put the individual on a push-up position. Again, you're looking for it. Does their chin fall forward? Do they have scapular winging? Can they maintain control of their trunk? And at the same time, you're setting up the tape. Now, we haven't set up for 36 inches, because that's typically what you would do. However, if you have a little guy that comes in, 36 inches may be a good and an extreme distance to cover. So, it is okay to shorten that distance. If it's appropriate for that individual, it's just every time you reassess, you're going to want to make sure that you set that out to whatever length that you're setting it out the first time. You're always going to have to remember to change it to whatever length each time to get adequate assessment data. And so, you would again try to do two trials. The first one's mainly, so they understand the pattern. And then at that point, you're going to have them do it as fast as they can for 15 seconds. And then, of course, you're going to take the best score. After you do that, one of the tests that I both really like, especially working with youth, is the less test. And for some of you guys that are unfamiliar with that particular dynamic assessment, the less test stands for the landing error scoring system. And there is a ton of research out there utilizing this particular assessment, and there are multiple ways to perform it. However, you want to say that there's something called the real-time test. And basically, what you're doing is you're using a 12 inch box, and you put a line out in front of the athlete that's about half the athlete's height. And that's the distance that you're asking them to jump out on. And then immediately, they go and do a squat jump. And so, if you're doing the real-time test, then you're going to do two per view. One from the anterior side and one lateral side, you're going to basically fill out a questionnaire. And mainly the questionnaire is usually 13 questions. There are some that are eight, just kind of depends on which one you're hitting. And it's yes and no. And we're basically what's happening at the footstep, the trunk, and basically we're all how coordinated are they. And so, you know, if you want me to talk about questions, then I would take in the book or look online because it really is a guest. But then there's also something that you can set up. And that's the one that's commonly used in a video camera on the side and on the front. And then you just have that particular effort form, the same movements, three different times. You record it and then you go back and ask it and answer the questions. And obviously, you know, when you're looking at the compensations, each compensation has a specific point value. And the determined, the relative injury risk associated with that. And the higher point value that you receive from data indicates there's a greater risk injury or risk of injury. Excuse me. Okay. So, that's a lot to take in as Wendy said, you know, you're going to have to do. I don't think we'll be able to take you through the entire test over the course of this webinar. But all of those resources are available for you definitely online and in your in your CTT, EES manuals. So let's go ahead and talk about what's talk about the CES related to as it's related to children. And before we do, we have a question and I'm going to read that to you. We have Erin. And thank you for listening today, Erin. I recognize Erin. He is a repeat viewer. And Erin wants to know, is there, is there a ratio then according to shoulder distance like one or five of the distance. And I'm going to speculate that we're possibly talking about the Davies test. Is there, is there some sort of ratio that you use to determine that width in which you would have the athlete set up for the test or is it just standard? Is it just the standard distance? One standard distance. Well, probably what I do is, you know, you want to think about the the the wingspan of each individual. And then at that point, you also want to think when they get into a push-up position, what is comfortable? And then I kind of use both of those as a guide. I don't think that there's something specific or if there's a specific calculation of exactly how far apart the B based on heights, I don't know that data. Specifically, I would do is I kind of think about, all right, if my, you know, somebody comes in and they're five foot, then all right, what would be, you know, a challenging distance. But then also you want to think that you don't want them to be so far out that they lose base of control in their and their lower body and in their trunk, because you want to get good data on how they move. And, you know, can they maintain that alignment? So, Marty, I don't know if you have a different answer to that, but no, again, 36 inches was the standard when the test was out. So, I use that for adults. Now, again, if I have a female that is five foot, I'll adjust it again. I'll just, you know, what I'm looking for is outside their regular push-up position, I need them to move left and right outside that normal distance because we're looking for that ability to control your core and your scapula and all that as you transition side to side. So, basically, you know, a rule of thumb is you could do it, you know, every six inches or so. I'll do it 36, 30, 24, and then you just kind of, you know, feel where everyone's appropriate or what I would do is when they get in their standard push-up, at least measure four inches left and right of where they set up. So, that way, they're at least transitioning. It's not going to be where they're just reaching and touching their hand. We're looking for a true movement to their left and to their right. Okay, I think that that pretty much settles it. So, you want to set them up where it's going to be challenging but where they also have a base of control where the test is going to be valid. And Erin, I'm not sure if that was what you wanted to know, but if you could chime in in the the chat, let us know if that answered your question and to also everyone else listening, please keep those questions coming. No, Wendy and Martin want to answer your questions while we have a captive audience for the for another 30 minutes at least. So, keep those questions coming. And so, let's move forward and talk about some program concept for the youth regarding CES. And before we get into this specifically, what are some since youth would be a special population? What are some considerations that we would look for? As an example, when I grow when I was growing up, I suffered from ostrichlotters. If you don't know what that is, to growth plate disorder, kind of like an evulsion fracture in your growth plate at the tibia, my daughter had a similar thing but at the heel called Cedars Disease. And knowing that there are all of these just potential, potential contraindications related to growth, what are some of the considerations that we should know about training youth athletes? Let's start with you, Martin. Sure. So, first and foremost, you're going to want to, you know, get the parents involved to make sure that you get their consent and also, you know, speak to the pediatrician. So, always good to see if they've been medically cleared or there's any of these underlying conditions as you've talked about. And I also think very early on, it's good to see, you know, what the concept of the parents mindset is. You know, you're going to get some parents that, you know, might be kind of like those helicopter parents that are going to, you know, maybe baby their children, which is fine. But they also let you know, maybe how the child is going to react is you're going through your training. But then you're also going to get some of the parents that are, you know, going back to the days where they played football or lifted way to it's no pain, no gain. Because you're going to have to maybe do some education on both sides of that with the parent and then understand how that may affect the child as they, you know, are coming in because they've been in that environment. So, it's just, you know, can't give you exact specifics. But I think you know, we know that the parent has to be involved throughout the process. And I always want to set up the expectations for the parent and the child as well. Then from there, you know, what I'm going to say in one of you now, I'm going to get into this more is take it slow, you know, when you're a little with youth. And I have three boys that are, well, this is 21, my twins are 19. They still classify as youth in a sense. They're not fully fully developed. Obviously, they're towards the tail end of it. But when you're dealing with youth, there's no exact specific, oh, do this for 13 year olds and this for 15 year olds. You've got different maturity level, different ability to follow instructions, different ability to focus, and we're all maturing at different abilities and be very careful. And we come back to this in a little bit because when we're talking about this, be very careful about the youth that matures very quickly. That doesn't mean that they're ready for an accelerated program just because they look bigger, they look stronger, they're more powerful because their bones and their joints are still young. And if we look at where the orthopedic issues are, you know, if God permits somebody strains a muscle, that's going to heal pretty quickly. But we don't want to put stress on the joints. So those are kind of some key parameters. Obviously, they have any medical issues that you need to be considered it with whether it's diabetes, whether it's obesity, whether it's just general deconditioning or all the type of other structural things that you mentioned, apprentice, you know, those things all have to come into account. But when you see how Wendy and I approach the programming, it's going to kind of protect itself because we're not rushing right to strength training because that's not really the main priority for youth development. Even for those athlete quote, want to get stronger or more powerful. And you'll see that as we talk about our program. So Wendy, of course, feel free to jump in there. No, I mean, you know, because you brought up injury, you know, apprentice, you know, one of the key factors that I kept reading on was, you know, that youth athletes, you know, as Marty just said, there's a difference between being chronological age and developmental age. And so we need to keep that in mind and kids, you know, our children are still growing. So the constant changes in the body weight, the height, the muscle mass, you know, is going to provide additional stress on the joints and the connective tissue. So, you know, keeping that in mind is going to be super, super important because in young athletes, growth, hard-lidges, present at the growth plate, as you just talked about. And as well as the Musco-attendulous Musco-attendulous insertion. So, you know, it's going to be very vulnerable when we're placing stress on it and we're designing programs and doing that. But if you have a well-designed program, and it's following the recommended loads, sets, you know, repetitions, and it's appropriate for that specific athletes age in their body, then, you know, you shouldn't have any injuries or issues or injuries at all. So that's why it's very, very important. You know, the rare cases that you get some of these fractures is that people are performing, you know, movements and performing exercises and stuff by misusing the equipment. They don't have the right supervision. They're not being cute correctly. They don't have a program that really fits, you know, their assessment results. People aren't doing these assessments. And so I think that's why it's kind of all inclusive and super, super important for the health of the athlete as well as the developmental motor pattern and recruitment that you're doing when you're doing these types of workouts. Yeah, I think that's a on very good consideration. And also, I'd like to add is there's a maturity of the athlete. There's the biological age, but then there's also the fact that you brought up that there's still growing. You know, I have a, I have a 10 year old and she grew five inches in a year, in a calendar year and she's now five foot six. So she can look I'd, I with you now, Wendy. But I wish I was five six. There are, but there are some things that we've noted that once once you grow, it's almost like a reset on your nervous system. You kind of have to learn, learn your mechanics over again and learn how to deal with, you know, different limb lengths, different, different, different weight distributions. And that's something you want to take in the consideration as well when you're giving your athlete complex, complex movements. So it's not, I like that you brought up that you can't really rush into this thing. And you have to construct, we'd be looking at feedback that your, your athletes give you. So let's go ahead and move on to the program. Let's see what you did for our youth athletes. Sure, I'm already going to get forward again to kind of talk through some of the, the, you know, stretches as well as how we designed it. Of course, basic assessment results is how we came up with some of this. But again, we're, we're generalizing out because we're not using a specific case study. So for this particular, you know, program, we are going to have the athlete to perform a self-mile facial rolling on the calf complex, the adductors, the T.A. on the lats and Marty's going to kind of go into the rationale of why. Yeah. So just when he talked earlier, what she sees in her class, you know, from adult, we also see in youth, they're going to barely move the same way. They're going to have that, that the propensity to have overactive calf complex, the knees are kinachavin, some type of, you know, poor posture. So common for the TFL, again, in from the hip sitting, and then also the lats, you know, being in that route in position. So you know, wrong, if you have to do a general program hitting these key areas. Yes. And then after rolling, of course, we would go into static stretching if we saw compensations in the assessment. So you're obviously thinking that we, so we're going to have the athlete perform static stretching on the calf complex, the adductors, the lats, and we're going to at now add in the pecks. Okay. I noticed that now when you're working with you, you have dynamic stretching here. And what's your, we've talked about this in cases of adults, but why do you, why is it okay to put dynamic stretching in their, in their warm-up, in the CDS template? Well, I mean, if you kind of read about, you know, training youth, and you think about these individuals that are coming to you, you know, learning a new exercise, you know, you can think about, you know, it's no load higher repetition, and it's going to place focus on their form and their technique. So when we're adding in the dynamic stretching, you know, we are actually developing, you know, strength and promoting flexibility. And these exercises are going to be performed through the full available range of motion, which is really trying to teach those movement patterns that we want to carry over when we get into the resistance portion. Okay, awesome. And I want to ask you one more, and this is another philosophical question, about Q-A, because everything you said just in that last little bit, I understand about the rationale, but to, to a kid that sounds like the teacher, and I'm going to date myself, it sounds like the teacher from Charlie Brown, like a commuted trombone. So how do you queue this to make this fun for for your youth athletes? I'm not sure how to take that comment there, um, print this, however. I think I'm just telling you, you've seen it, and you start talking about this, and they're like, I don't get it, and they're eyes glaze over. I think you start filling out a lot of those terms. I mean, for me, the big thing is, is tell them, like, go through the full available range of motion. It's like, okay, you know, that's great. We're not dumb as stretching. Now let's get you moving. You know, we're going to start with prisoners and put your hands here, and want to do this, like, make it fun, make it engaging, you know, don't make it boring, because, you know, they may not want to be there anyway. Their coach may have sent them because maybe in the off season, and there's a lot of good research saying how, what a good carryover it would be for them to do this in the off season. Um, so I think it's more, it's same thing with building the rapport that you do with your older clients. You want to treat this the same, like, find out their interests, make it fun, but don't go into the boring, you know, like, you know, and again, we were talked about making it positive. You know, show them what you want them to do, and be like, hey, bring that left knee in, or hey, your foot's going a little bit, bring it in, and then, and then move on, you know, like, don't, don't sit there and harp on them the whole time. All right. So let's go ahead. Yeah, go ahead. To say, under dynamic, we did have the, you know, the athlete perform prisoner squats, as well as the walking lunges with broach and then a push up with rotation and Marty, you can into toe. So what are those those? Yeah. So the thing, and Wendy, you know, said it, we're looking to get these young athletes to start to learn how to control movement three dimensionally and, you know, multiple joints together, you know, getting everything coordinated in that beautiful movement. So prisoner squats is something that's very easy to, you know, for everybody ball ages and all abilities to demonstrate. And again, we'll get them to the depth that they can control with some very simple cues. And then walking, lunges with rotation, again, getting them to start to learn how to control things in the multi, in a transverse plane, and then push up with rotation and we're getting that core in, getting them to learn how to balance on one arm and reactivating all those shoulder stabilizers. But very easy visually to see what's going on, instead of trying to walk them through verbally, you know, we always say, tell show do as an instructor or trainer, very easy to say, all right, guys, we're doing our prisoner squats. Watch me. It's very, those are very simple exercises that once somebody sees it demonstrated can be able to do it. And then as a coach, really easy to modify a hundred two simple cues you can get without getting talent. Yeah, absolutely. Those are all great things and one thing that throw in there for my experience when I had the opportunity to train small, small groups of youth. I would take this time to play very fierce games. Simon says exactly. And that that's him too. That seemed to be a winner. So yeah, just continue like both Wendy and Marty said, you have to make it fun. You have to make it fun. Don't talk too much. You can get a picture tells a big story. So in front of sure, you go back to how we've taught, you know, and been instructed martial arts for years, we could do the I go you go. So as people are getting better at these, you know, you can alternate and let now some of you know, where you're helping cue with your other teammates or your other individuals in the session. So now, you know, you're really trying to help your collinex seed in that I go you know, I wouldn't have to squat, squat, squat, apprentice rests. It's versatile in that way. They can coach each other, mode of each other. And now it's extra set of eyes for me. They hit the coach. If it's a bigger group, where each one of my students or my athletes know how to perform these exercise, you can cue their partner. So again, makes that camaraderie a little bit and everyone succeeds together. Excellent. And that does check two boxes. If when you're having them coach and cue one another after giving your instructions and motivating each other, that checks those two boxes of cognition and that emotional development that's so important for you, athletes. But since we're running, uh, since we're running out of time, I want to get through this program. Let's talk about action, core balance and tell us what you pick or why you picked, what you picked for the youth athlete. Sure. Of course, you know, we're still following the continuum that you guys have. And it's super important now that we know that we have muscles that are are lengthened and ready to go to activate muscles that are potentially and usually overactive and multiple individuals. So we would have this athlete or this team, perform bridges, floor cobras, sideplanks, lateral tube walks, and then single-like balance each. And when, you know, in that section alone, you know, while my heart is running it down, I mean, we're really trying to focus on the glutes, trying to focus on the core, focus on the middle to low back because of the rounded shoulders, you know, obviously the flat, so we can get them going into retry and then try to strengthen the muscles of the neck. And then, you know, the lateral tube walking again because we often know that the the glute meat is weak. We would have them perform the two walks for that reason. And then going in the single-like balance with re-printishing, they'll do it a little bit by, you know, youth often pronate. So it's really good to work on our toolignment, which is also going to help with, you know, the teaching proper movement patterns of keeping the second toe in line with the knee. So, you know, we'd start with the single-like balance, but we could progress with the reaches of the ready. And of course, have it multi-planar, so, you know, not how they do in each plane of motion. And then we would go into the skill development, so the plyo and SACU. And so the squat jump with the hold, again, working on landing mechanics, maintaining either five kinetic change points. They are going to hold that landing. If their feet go out, we re-adjust them. If they have an arch in their back, we re-adjust them. So we're trying to train the brain the correct way to land. And then, of course, after that, we would go into the speed ladder. And we have full ladder, of course, every distance is different. So we didn't want to put it particular distance, but, and we have seven patterns. There's a ton of different patterns that you could do. The ones that I really like to do are, you know, just a one-in, a ten, the n-n-out out diagonal, all-ey shuffle, you know, hopping in and out of different, you know, different ladders or different boxes. There's just there's a more ways in any kind of time for patterns that you feel comfortable showing your athlete. It makes you super fun. And so, if we're doing this one-on-one, but if you had a team, you could actually, you know, make it competitive, make it, you know, like joke around with people. So, so, again, you know, do it on your feet. You could do it on your feet. There's a, there's multiple ways you can do the ladder, but the ladder really does increase the, you know, the enjoyment in the program, especially when you're working with you. And let me ask you a question about the ladder. Well, that's, I don't think I've ever asked a quick question since we've been doing these webinars, but I will continue. Is there, and this is more, everyone in everyone's list today, is there a continuum of, of the techniques in your, in your, in your speed ladder drills? Is there a technique that you start with and progress them to? Can you walk us through what your exercise selection is like? What your thought process is for picking agility exercises? Wendy? Sure. And, you know, of course, think about the three planes of motion. I mean, we move in three planes of motions, sports, or, you know, multi-nors, so we want to get them moving, obviously, in all three planes as quickly as we can, but we also want to make it safe. So, doing things in the sagittal plane by just running in and out, you know, whether they run, or they can come backwards, like used to the sagittal plane is usually the easiest, and then moving them into more of the frontal plane by doing, you know, the, the Ollie shuffle, by, you know, doing different types of movements like that, going in the frontal plane. And then afterwards, if you know that they own those two particular planes of motion, then you start to have them add some rotational, rotational movement. So, I wouldn't treat that any different than I would treat an exercise selection, and I'm doing with an individual on the programming design side. Marty, I don't know if you have anything to add to that. I was going to explain it the exact same way, and then, you know, basically keeping one simple pattern, you know, where, you know, sometimes you're going in to out, and all those things, those are the end, or going backwards, would be final part of it, but always file in the planes of motion. Okay. So, now, what let's talk about resistance training for youth athlete, what was your rationale for picking the exercises that you did in this block? Well, we know with working with children that, you know, we're going to use so maximal loads, so when we're designing a program, you want to keep that in mind, because we really want to focus and hone in on their form and their techniques, and a variety of planes of motion, and using a variety of different, you know, equipment or body weight, mainly body weight, to make sure that they can control what they have. So, with that being said, we did bring out, you know, a piece of band or tubing, and had the individual go into a squat to row. Marty, do you want to talk about why? Yeah, certainly, just like, you know, for anyone who's been on the webinar in the past, this is one of our go-to exercises, because you're really getting that triple function to triple extension, the band or the cable, if you were in a gym, helps guide the movement patterns, so they learn how to squat better, forces core activation, and as you come up, you're getting extension with retraction, and then if you're getting that chin in the right position, you're getting that total body alignment. Really guiding them to learn how to squat, why you're giving them some assistance with the band, or if you did it in a gym with the cable. Then, of course, we are following the 421 tempo, because we are kind of designing this as a phase one program, but then we would go into a kneeling half band chest press, and Marty can talk to us through why on that as well. Yeah. So, instead of just getting ready to push up, so any type of standard chest press, as soon as we go to that half kneeling, they're going to have to fight and work their core. You know, the athlete or the youth might think, oh, great, I'm doing chest, that's a secondary part for us. It's really, can they control their entire core, which of course includes their scapula, and so that way we're getting that full pushing pattern and with that plus to get that full protraction, and again, watching things about, can they keep their core in neutral? Can they keep their head tucked in their chin tucked into that neutral position? The chest part of it is kind of secondary for us, but we don't tell that to our necessarily, but we're going to put the men a chance to give a lot of neuromuscular control going on. And then we can also watch what happens when you switch from one half kneeling on the right that a left. Sometimes you'll see that media's boom, all of a sudden they can do a great with their right leg down, but they can't do left leg down. So, it's another way to see how their body is wired and see if we need to target anything in another program. And I've always enjoyed using half kneeling and kneeling progressions, because it's just even that we are, we are definitely training the core, but it also it also gives them less that they have to control being on the floor. They're only responsible at that point for their hip, their the LPHC and not everything below the hip. So it gives them a little bit less to control, reinforces things that they've already learned by doing planks at this time. So I love that progression there. And then we would go right into a stability ball ball combo too. And Marty, why did we pick that one? So again, we're looking for that retraction and external rotation, because most of us including all of us, including our youth, are going to be in that forward flexed, you know, upper cross syndrome position. So we're trying to get them out of that. And then by using a stability ball, one is engaging and fun for them. So there's that cognitive having to learn how to control themselves. Plus now we're getting that triple extension on the backside of their body, neutral the spine, interactivity, the quads are tightened, they're pushing into a wall or some type of firm object. So as I've said before, we use this terminal out that accidental exercise. So they're also training their lower body in that triple extension position, but really just working on that retraction with external rotation without losing the neutral spine. And then we would end the resistance portion with a frontal plane lunch to balance. So here we want to get things into the frontal plane. We don't want to always just say sad, it also we want to start to shift to some frontal plane movement down the line. We get into transverse plane. But really as we go into that frontal plane door, opening up the ad dr on one side and we're really using the glute and glute medius to drive back and then the core and all those muscles in the foot all the way up through. When we finish in a balanced position. So again, a lot of bang for our buck there, but it makes the athlete kind of focus on learning how to control things out in a different plane emotion. Yep. And then after that we would get into the client's choice. Which really this is more of the trainers toy and this is actually one of more of my choices. But I would say like finish with a leg circuit. Again, leg super or circuits are super super fun because once you show them the four movement patterns that you want them to do, you want them to execute it as they can. Of course, you are monitoring their movement at all time so it needs to be controlled. But you know, for example, the leg circuits that I usually go within the sagittal plane would be prisoner squats and to alternating lunges and to power step ups and then they would finish with 10 squats squats. And again, you can use any ones that you like and you can do different again, planes of motion. However, those are the ones that I usually teach individuals how to do first and then build upon that. And then of course after they get done doing the two sets of the resistance as well as the client's choice, we would go into the cooldown. Which we know is going to be extremely important because if you do not, if you have a youth, not do it there in your session, they probably will not do it at home. Right. Yes, and they are going to need this cooldown after the leg circuit. I've done myself completing it without having baby shark on repeat. You need to go into cooldown to, yeah, just to just to restore the help of to recover for that next battle of exercise. And it should look like a lot of like what we did in our warm-up. Yeah, there really wasn't any changes that we did in the rolling. We didn't include the TFL, but of course, we included that. And then on the static stretches, we did include the hip flexors as well. And you could have done those in the beginning. We were just again, you kind of general generalizing the warm-up because we don't really have assessment results to base it off of. Right. And speaking of in the reason why that's that's if we look down, just as just for the other fit pros we're living, if we're looking at that half-nealing exercise, talk about accidental exercise. If you're having the whole disabled half-nealing position without sensation, yeah, just guess what you're stretching out at that point. Exactly. So it's all in there at various points with in the template. It doesn't necessarily always have to be in its specific block, which is how to figure out where to put it in intelligently. Okay. So is there anything else we need to know from this particular from my little Timmy's template? Nope, I think we covered it. Okay. Just make it and very encouraging and keep it positive because it can be set in these individuals up for a lifelong enjoyment of fitness is awesome. I'm going to ask you since you gave us that take away Marty. Let's stay with you and I want to ask you another philosophical question. What's your tell us again your strategy on how to communicate this if we do work with competitive athletes? How do you communicate the value of this to coaches? Sure. So the beautiful thing, if you're following the NSM model, this was built by Dr. Mike Clark who was working at North Carolina with elite athletes and it's been evidence-based and it's been proven. And what's so good right now is what we see in fitness now is recovery and all these other things. Most of all that starts in elite sports anyways. So we've got an advantage to tell a story that we are following a program that was designed to work with elite athletes and we're just bringing it to you as a youth athlete and as a coach of youth athletes and you know 20 years ago all the science was still coming out proving this methodology to be right. We now have 20 years of science showing that this is the best system and all the different teams and you know you see it now on Instagram all the time people rolling and doing all these techniques. So now it's not so abstract is like when Wendy and I were early in the game and same thing with you, practice we were caring from rollers into a gym and people didn't even know what it was. So when you tell that story of why you've chosen to be educated by NSM and why you're following this and that this is for the best athletes in the world, it's a little bit easier to convince those coaches because I think there's enough data and points out there now about injuries and recovery and you know people understand mobility and stability now way more than they did in the past. So I think you're going to have a client and that you're going to just help the coach and you're going to help the team and the parents in the long run. So I think it's just an awesome opportunity to go out there and make a huge impact. Okay, thanks Marty and I know we can see it on the screen but again just tell us where to find you where to send follow up questions. Sure, so Marty dot Miller at NSM dot ORG and then Instagram is Miller dot Mori seven two and then tomorrow morning at 6 a.m. East Coast time I'll be doing a coffee talk so feel free to jump in there if there's any other questions that kind of stem from what we're talking about today we can bring them back up tomorrow live on Instagram. All right, thank you, Marty and when what are your big takeaways for today and tell us how we can find you and ask questions. Well I mean I guess the big thing is a strength training warmed in a controlled and supervised environment can help children and adolescents of all athletic abilities to safely improve and strengthen their overall health and well-being. So the health benefits of strength training are going to far outweigh the potential risks if if done in this specific type of controlled environment. Especially when you look at today's society where you know childhood obesity continues to rise. So I think there's a lot of great benefits. OPPT model of course because it is systematic progressive and research I think it's easy to get the buy-ins from the coaches as well as the parents. And you know I think the big thing too is training you know these individuals that come in to you is have fun with it. Don't overcomplicate it on their end. Just make sure that it makes sense on your end. And then you know just continue to reassess and make sure that they're progressing along the way that they should. And then of course you can be by email at Wendy Dotsett and ASSorg and my am is Wendy Badz 13. Okay, thank you. Thank you again Wendy and Marty. This very fun and as always educational thanks to Greg for keeping it together. And thank you for everyone who joined us today and everyone who will watch this later. Everyone have a great afternoon. I safe and we will see you soon.