Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and live. My name's Prentice and I'm here as always with Wendy and Marty. How are you all doing today? Great. Thank you. All right. Outstanding. So we're moving right along through the CES four step process. And today we're going to talk about activation and integration techniques and just to review CES essentially is what you're trying to do with your client is build a targeted flexibility, strength training and strength training program which can be a workout all by itself. And I'm sure they're going to talk. We're going to talk about that in upcoming today or in upcoming webinars or it can be fashion as part of your warmup when you start working your clients through the phases of the OTT model. So let's get started. Marty, can you give us an overview of what activation is? Why do we do it? Sure. So activation is we're really trying to wake up those in target those little or muscles or those muscles that tend to become weak due to the over activity of other muscles. And just try to like I always like to describe it as get them ready to participate. Get them to understand that they have a role in human movement and we want to get those muscles moving so that way as we get into more complicated movement patterns, we can eliminate compensations, we can eliminate muscles that have to work for those ones that aren't playing nice. So I always explain this as generally speaking, a lot of the muscles that my clients didn't even know they may be had like when I start talking about the anterior to be Alice in the posterior to be Alice, you know, a lot of little postural muscles, you know mid trap, low trap, you know, when I get into the glutes they know glute max glute medias. But you know that may not be their primary focus. They are there to work more of the prime movers and the things that they you know either want to see change cosmetically or they are accustomed to training. So we're just trying to make sure that all the muscles are, you know, fired up, ready to do what they need to do. So as we get into the more complicated movement patterns of the integration that Wendy will talk about that they're doing their role so we get better movement patterns. Outstanding and I'm just going to jump right in and ask a question or have you make a statement regarding this? When we talk about getting these muscles that are identified as undirected ready to play nice with the other muscles in a pattern as in most of our human movements, can you explain what happens, what potentially happens when that breaks down? I'm thinking more about synergistic dominance and that whole cascade of things that happen. Yeah. So regardless of whether how efficiently you're moving, you're going to move, right? So when we're doing assessments or exercises, if you ask someone to squat, if you ask someone to push, if you ask someone to pull, if they're not doing efficiently, they're going to find their most efficient way to do it. Doesn't mean that it's the most efficient way by omchanically or from the proper movement sequencing that we're supposed to do. So when those muscles aren't activated and they're not ready to do their role, we find compensations. And within that compensation, we all know about the cumulative injury cycle that can then happen because we have more stress into the body than we're supposed to. But as you were talking about, some muscles are going to pick up the work. Somebody's going to say, hey, if you're not doing your job, I'll do it. And that's where we talk about synergistic dominance. So an example that we use all the time is if my hip flexor is the one that's overactive, that means my glute max is now underactive. So we would have to activate that in the right steps, of course. But we're focused on activation right now. But if I don't activate it and I haven't done the other two steps, especially in addition to that, when I now go to do a squat or go to do a lunge or something else, another muscle is going to have to pick up the slack, whether it's the hamstring complex, the rectus spine aid, the addoctor magnus, the synergists that are there to assist that motion, but not to do the bulk of it. They have to pick up the slack. And now all you're doing is getting somebody stronger at moving inefficially. And now those muscles that are not designed to take that amount of stress are working harder than they're supposed to. And this is where sometimes you'll see someone pull a hamstring or be sore in certain parts of their body because they moved. They moved as efficiently as they could, but not as efficiently as they should. Outstanding. And before we, I don't think that this was a question that was asked. But just to wrap this particular piece of, can you talk about activation from a programming perspective? What are the acute variables for this? Yeah. So everything that we've talked about, we always want to make sure that when we, if we have gloss over a phrase, it's anchored back into the science of the model, whether it's any part of what we talk about. So going back to what makes activation activation, it's hopefully the third step of the process, right? We've talked about how sometimes some people can't foam roll and all that. But we want to foam roll and we want to lengthen. Then when we get into activation, it's very specific muscles in a very controlled manner. And what you're going to find is we have a longer e-centric contraction and a longer asymmetric contraction because these muscles are geared in the reason that they've gotten weak is they cannot maintain their firing pattern or their endurance. So it's not a quick, you know, rapid movement of these muscles. It's very slow, very controlled, eight seconds per rep ideally. So for a second, for the e-centric, two seconds for the isometric. So they have to hold and grasp that position, and a term that Wendy and I would use is like own that position. And then two seconds of the concentric motion. So it's very, very specific. And we're looking at doing more repetitions because these are endurance-based muscles. So minimum of 12 up to 20. And if you can get to 20, if you think about the math that's a hundred and sixty seconds, so just make it a little more progressively challenging and maybe get back into that 12 to 15. But once you hit 20, it's time to add some level of intensity to whether it's more resistance or you're changing your leverage or whatever to make it just more challenging. You don't need to go over 20 repetitions. Yeah. So thanks for that explanation. And in a few minutes, we've separated the fourth yesterday if I may paraphrase Master Yoda. We want to teach that muscle to unlearn what it is learned and go through slow, purposeful movement with a lot of repetition so that it can start to do its job in the global movement pattern. So now, let's thank you. So now, Wendy, let's talk about integration. So, integration techniques tell us what it is and why do we do it? Why is it important to finish our corrective exercise process off with that? Sure. So the integration techniques are performed after the activation or the positional isometrics and involves the use of dynamic total body exercises. So these exercises help reeducate the body back into a functional movement sequence and enhances the functional capacity of the body by increasing multi-planar neuromuscular control. So basically we're working on coordinating the movement patterns. We know that multi-joint exercises and all planes from both a bilateral and unilateral stance that's going to help increase the intermuscular coordination and that reeducates the neuromuscular system to maintain the proper alignment during these movement patterns. So integration portion really involves more low-load controlled movements of course in the five kinetic chain check points and that's going to ensure that joint start and remain in proper alignment and the muscles function and their proper linked tension and relationships and synergistic recruitment, the recruitment pattern. So we're just making sure that they're moving as optimally as possible. And in this section, basically, we often use the total body movements that combine the lower body as well as upper body patterns and that's going to help place the increased stress of the core musculature as well. So basically we're just taking everything and now kind of combining it and trying to make sure that our body knows how to handle the new found, the link as well as activation and then making sure that we can put it all together so that everything plays nicely. Thank you for that. Now I have a couple of questions for you as well. This is a follow-up to the webinar series that we did with a Laco regarding using combining corrective exercise and Olympic weightlifting, but what I wanted to ask you is what makes it an integration? What is on the table for integration techniques? What can we use for integration techniques? Is it just, are we limited to just the movements we see in our text or can we bring anything with purpose? Well, obviously, yeah, I mean everything with a purpose because again, every client is specific and individualized. That's why the assessment is so important and it's also why you know, the intake is so important because you want to get the subject of information to find out what is their goal. So basically, I mean again, corrective exercise does take time. I mean ideally you want to start to see something immediately, but you're going to have to continue to work on inhibiting those muscles that are overactive and lengthening the muscles that are better. We're trying to reactivate them and so the beautiful thing about the integration component is yes, I mean once you know that you've loosened up muscles that are overactive and walking up muscles as Marty was saying, waking them up, you know, now that we can think about like the whole neuromuscular, you know, or what's the word I'm looking for? We're trying to look for the coordinated movement patterns. And so if somebody wants to be able to do an Olympic lift and you've worked on their, you know, foot and ankle complex to get better range of motion within that joint, their hips look pretty good and they have pretty good, you know, extensibility in their, in their overhead movements. And absolutely, you can use anything that you want as long as it makes sense. And if we think about trying to look at like even a phase one workout, I mean you're going to notice even in that template that we go core balance reactive and then write into a total body. So again, we can still follow that and that's why the beauty of the corrective exercise model really can be integrated into a full workout routine. You just want to make sure that you know, the body is prepared for whatever kind of, you know, demands is going to happen in the resistance portion of the workout. Okay, great. Thank you. Thank you for that for clear clarifying that for us. Now, let's move on to some questions that we've gotten over the past few days and Marty, what I wanted to ask you and I've gotten this question a lot of in social media, but can you go into the difference between intra and in, in, terror, muscular coordination and and tie it into the activation, activation and integration phases of the corrective process. Yep. And when I learned these philosophies, the way I looked at it was internet and trunnet. So, you know, when we communicate throughout the entire world or all of us, we're using the internet, which that's more of your, that's going to be your integration. In trunnet, you might work for company that has their own internal system where you're only communicating internally. So that's how I remembered my activation is internal. It's primarily going to be just one muscle as much as you can isolate a muscle. So that's the intra muscular coordination. Then when I start to get everything is when he talked to now work well together, that's my inter muscular coordination. Okay. Perfect. And can we, can you talk about that? Let's go back to intra muscular coordination and tie this in and help make the connection for our listeners of why we're doing the volume and the way we do the acute, all of the acute variable. Sure. And how that ties into how that aids intra muscular coordination. Yep. So when you look at it again, the muscles that we're going to primarily target. So let's talk about our anterior tibialis, our posterior tibialis, you know, those relatively smaller muscles that have to work for prolonged periods of time. There are a lot of times they're support or stabilizing joint muscles for those particular joints, whether it's the foot and ankle, whether it's the core, whether it's the shoulder. So they have to work for long periods of time. And if they get fatigued and they don't do their job. Now again, muscles don't just completely shut off. But they're going to drop in their amount of work that they can do when they don't have that endurance and they can't fire properly or optimally. So now the sudden, you know, when you look at the rotator cuff, it's a stabilization and endurance structure. It has to work for a prolonged periods of time. So that's where, you know, why we have those acute variables exactly set that way where it could be two to three sets if needed of 12 to 20 reps because we really have to build the endurance. Just like, you know, moving up when we move out of corrective and we go into true stabilization endurance training, again, it's an advanced version. In a sense, if you want to look at that way, that's why we do planks and bridges. We're still working on all those little muscles to be able to create your foundation, right? I just like, you have to have that stability and support throughout your entire body. So corrective, you're just identifying a couple of weak links and bringing them back up to speed so then you can progress through the model. So it's just like any time we, you know, we focus on it, we describe it when you build your house. You better have a really solid foundation and a solid foundation, a human movement is the ability to stabilize all the joints for prolonged periods of time in ideal posture without allowing them to get fatigued during the activities that you want to participate in. Okay, perfect. And now let's talk about inter muscular inter muscular coordination and why that's important for how that should, how integration influences that. So the way I've always described it is I don't train muscles. I train movements. Now we just talked about intra muscle coordination and we're talking about trying to isolate a muscle, but you're still doing a movement, whether it's door to flexion, plan or flexion. Just the movement is much more simplified and it might be one joint moving in a very methodical manner where when we look at what Wendy talked about with inter muscular coordination, she's getting, she was I'm getting multiple joints to move in a sequence, right? Now I might describe the exercise to somebody as, oh, we're going to train and I put in the muscle, but I know that there's a generally speaking multiple joints that have to move in a sequence and fire properly in the right time to maximize the movement efficiency. And as I said at the beginning is I might still move in a similar pattern, but if I'm not getting the muscles to fire in the right sequence and also at the right ratios, then when I move, that's where you see these compensations. And we've already talked about what happens when we get these compensations and we allow those to continue to happen. So that's why we start with the intra muscular coordination because if you can't control individual joints, it's going to be real hard for you to control multiple joints together. Okay, and thank you for that, Marty, and Wendy, let's go back to you because it looks like your internet connection is awesome today. So I'm just going to fire off a lot of stuff to you and take advantage of that. Don't jinx me. Don't look up. Okay. So we had a question about how do you know which muscles to activate? So I'm going to throw you, I'm going to throw you a case. Okay, little, a little, someone who has asymmetrical weight shift to the left to the left. And then when you take a look at that single leg squat, there is a little rotation, inward rotation. So what are we activating in that case? Okay, so when you think about it, if you have a shift to your left, then it's going to be the glute medius on the same side that is going to be underactive, right? I mean, you also want to think about the adductor complex on the opposite side that is allowing that shift correct. So basically, when you're looking at the overhead squat and you're gathering all of this information or even in the single leg squat, I mean, if you see the knee, you know, the knee caving in, you know that the adductor complex on the side of or the opposite side of the shift is going to be underactive. But if they're on a single leg and you see that it darts in, it could be overactive too. So again, then you've got conflicting information. So at that point, you really want to together as a whole. I mean, the glute medius on the same side is definitely a muscle that we're going to focus on. But if you don't see anything going on on the opposing side with that, well, I shouldn't say, the opposite side is going to be overactive. So you're going to inhibit the right side and then you're going to activate the same side. Does that make sense? So basically, you know, you're not going to do the same thing on both sides and that's where a lot of the confusion comes in. And the asymmetrical shift is tricky because again, you know, what's happening in underactive on one side, that means the other side is going to be overactive. And so that's why you really want to get a good understanding of the muscles that you need to focus on. So, so on a, you know, if you're thinking on a corrective exercise strategy, you know, then again, you're going to inhibit. So you're going to formal and lengthen the adductors on the same side. So the left side. And then you're going to look at the TFL because obviously that's also going to be overactive on the same side. So on the left side as well. And then you're going to think about the bicep for Morris. And then again, on the opposite side, you've got the glute medias. So that's what you want to look at on the inhibit and lengthen side. And then on the activation side, the glute medias. I mean, I'm sorry, the glute medias on sorry, so I'm trying to think this through without like drawing it out as Marty says, it's harder without a whiteboard, but the glute medias on the same side is what we're going to activate. And then on the opposite side, adductor complex is what we're going to activate. So it'll be something separate. But again, you know, looking at the solutions table really kind of identifying the muscles that are involved is going to be super helpful when you're trying to design a program that's going to be beneficial for someone. But again, if you notice that like in the single X-Wat that the knees cave in and there's, you know, but you've got valgis going on, then obviously you may want to funnel and lengthen those as well. So again, it's, you kind of have to look at everything as a whole and every person's going to be different. I don't know if I answered that question. Yeah, but you did. You did answer that question. And you get the information from, you know, like when you say what to activate, I mean, not even using the asymmetrical shift as an example, but all your information comes from the assessment. So again, that's why the assessment component is so, so important because that will tell you exactly what you need to foam roll or inhibit and then what to lengthen and exactly what to activate. Okay, so let me, let me follow up. I'm going to ask you an even trickier question. Fantastic. So now, so now we're doing this. Let's take into consideration our group access structures out there. So they obviously are there for taking that group exercise class. How do we implement this into the group access? Specifically, how are we going to get a room of 15, 20 people to do all of these different activation exercises in that group before diving into the group access and reps? Well, okay, so again, you know, when we're usually talking about this, we're looking at, you know, proper movement patterns and individualized programming. So if you have someone, you know, that has a group, I mean, which is obviously a majority of our listeners or people that are coming from an ASM, they do group X. I mean, you've got to think too that if you've got 15 people, you could split those, those people up into like three different groups. And you have to think typically what is underactive? And we know that the glutes are often underactive. The glute means is often underactive. I mean, this is just over repetitive, you know, being in the field for so long, we see this, you know, these are these are muscles that are typically underactive. So with that being said, we could have one group do a set of planks or sideplanks. So that way they're really focusing on the core. And the small muscles that protect the spine. And then in another group, you could have them doing side-like leg lifts or a lateral tube walk if you want to really try to wake up the glute medius. And then you could have them do, you know, another group do bridges. And again, as the instructor, I can look around and watch five people do stuff and cue them. Like, hey, that's great, but make sure your foot's turned in or hey, make sure you're drawing in or, you know, if they're in the plank and you don't see their glute squeezing or you're see their heels touching because there's compensations, you can easily cue out of that without being overwhelmed and having all 15 people do the same thing. So, you know, you could do the, you know, 15 to 20 reps, trying to go over tempos with each group. And then after that, you know, then you can switch. And so those are three great exercises that you could do and they go from one right into another, right into another. So, so again, even though it's not individualized, it's still going to be something that you're going to see be very helpful in activating muscles that are usually underactive. I'd thank you for, thank you for that explanation. And that's really brilliant. I go back to when I was a boutique studio owner and the first thing, it goes back to something that you said, always assess these people, even though I'm teaching group ex. And then I would throw these people into groups where they were similar. So, there were maybe three people working on the, for example, the feet turn out compensation. And I would segment those groups in segment them by their compensation and have them do exactly what you're saying, kind of a general corrective exercise program for that particular segment. So, thanks for that explanation. Bottom line people, it goes back to, you know, assessment. And then being a little creative, being a little creative, and how you group your, how you group your clients to make that work in a group setting. So, Marty, I'm going to go back to you and ask you what I think is a, it depends question. But what is the best, what is the best integration exercise that a beginner can do? Well, it depends. But I had to say that, you sent me to that. So, one thing you got to focus on, you know, what are, what are you having your facility, right? You know, do you have a cable machine, do you have a stability ball? But you know, what we're going to be generally looking for is some type of genitals being a squatting motion that's generally assisted if it's a beginner because it'll help them learn the squatting pattern. So, I love a squat to row because if I can do the row, now I'm getting into full extension of my shoulder blades, good posture at the top, it's going to force my hips into extension. And as I go down into the triple flexion component, the holding on to the handlebar or the handles, whatever I'm holding on to, is going to allow me to, you know, to offset maybe my weakness in my core allows also for me to get better positioning between my, you know, shin and spine. So, it's, it's a, it's an awesome exercise. You can't go wrong with a squat to row. Stability ball, if that's what works for you because right now you might be training somebody in their home and they don't have the ability to necessarily have a cable machine or anything that could offset their load like that. You know, the suspension training, I like that as well, because again, you can, you can kind of learn how to mirror that with the squat to row. I'll do, a squat pattern to a row even with the suspension training devices. So, those are kind of my three go to to begin with. As someone progresses, I like using a low step up. You know, again, when we start the step ups, I don't go to eight, ten, twelve inches right away. I'm cool with using a two, a four, or six, because I'm starting to teach that progression on towards a single leg. You know, and then having to create their balance and their core and their integrity. I like scaption. To me, if they had any type of overhead, anything with their lats or their shoulder, I don't go to a press right away. I would go more into scaption because I'm still going to take a couple weeks, maybe to get their full lattix sensibility. Doesn't mean you can't. But again, getting creative again, if they have really tight lats and I want to do something overhead, I'll do one arm at a time, compared to both arms because I can put one arm above my head and not have to have so much restriction on my lats as if I do both. But again, you got scaption there as well. So, you know, a lot of different ways you can look at it. But as you said, it depends on the person's abilities, their assessment, and now in this environment, especially what you have around you. Yeah. So, for those of you listening, if we made the perfect then diagram of this, one circle is what do you have in your gym? List out all of that stuff. Then it goes back to what your client wants and whether that's just general hell or are they competing in something, you have to take all of that into consideration when you make your program and that final circle is what do they need? What exactly like Marty and Wendy have said this entire series? What is that assessment tell? What does that assessment tell you? What are their abilities? What can they control at that time? And that's how you pick your best integration exercise. So, let's follow up with you Maran, ask you about specific exercises. So, when we talk about things like the group media, since we brought up the asymmetrical way of shift, is the glute bridge or a lateral tube walk, an activation or an operation exercise, and how do you, if they're different, how do you make the decision of which exercise goes where? In that continuum? Once again, it depends and it what I mean by it depends. It depends on that person. So, when we have corrective exercise, it doesn't mean that they're going to be so dysfunctional that they can't do anything. And it gets just like anybody else, you know, someone needs stability and their strength and their power is on a continuum. So, if you're dealing with a professional athlete, they are activation, maybe with a 25 or 30 pound dumbbell for a glute bridge, right? To some people that would look like a strength exercise. But if these are people squatting 5, 6, 700 pounds, that's what they might be able to handle 25, 30, 40 pounds for 15 reps at that real slow control tempo. So, again, kind of going back to what you just explained, we got to kind of pick where's this current person? What is activation mean to them? What is integration mean to them? But when we look at it, generally speaking, you know, two-blocking for a lot of people, it's one of those ones that's going to split, right? So, when you know I had a conversation about the solar is, there's a lot going on to do a lateral two-blocking properly. So, if they can't control their core, if they can't control their posture, if they can't control the height that you want them to go at, if they take a step out to their right and their left knee caves into adduction, because the bands pulling them, the Nathna and activation technique, you may need to get their glute meaty as fired up with a single leg, you know, hip abduction or a side plank or something that is a little more focused, then see if they can use the two-blockings in integration. But if someone's been working, you know, Wendy, I know she crushes people with the two-blocking in the right way. She always dials that in. So, for somebody else that has been with Wendy or somebody like that for a period of time, that's now an activation technique. And then she can go do something a little more challenging for their integration. So, you know, some people get confused when they see that, of course, a door selection, anterior tip, always going to be pretty much an activation technique. But there are a few of those that can, you know, ride that fence, but it's not that we're throwing out the science. We just understand progressions and regressions and what's appropriate for that person. But it always is going to come back to they have to be able to do the right amount of repetitions with the right amount of tempo and that is really going to dictate what happens. If so, if I pick the two-blocking and they can't file that four, two, two-tempos without losing their form of technique, I need to regress. And if I need to regress them back to something on the ground, then that's what's appropriate for them at that point. No problem with that. Okay. And speaking of progressions, regressions, Marty, what are some of those progressions regressions for the glute bridge? Yep. So, I've had clients, honestly, that they can't even do a glute bridge without their hamstring or low back cramping up. Now, they're not injured. This was just they did not have to fire that those muscles. So, I have them do isometric holes. You know, I think Wendy, I think you've called that Deren had lights. You know, we're just doing your glute squeezes and you be shocked. Sometimes you have to change the position of them because, you know, some positions they can do it in some positions they can't. So, you know, I've given what I call accidental exercise like every time you're in the car to red light, start squeezing your glutes, right? So, sometimes it can just be flat out the isometric hole. Then from there, we're going to go with two legs up, two legs down. Then what I like to do is really break down the progressions and regressions is I would go two legs up, one leg down before I'd start going one leg up, one leg down. So, then I go from, once they can go two legs up, one leg down, then I have them to go one leg up, one leg down, and then, you know, that's a nice way to get into those progressions. Then again, if someone can hold the 5, 10, 15 pound dumbbell there and just a rock star and do those 12 to 20 repetitions, that's awesome. Because Wendy's heard me say this, I've never found somebody that overactive glutes yet, where they're like, you know, I need to inhibit your glutes because you're just, you're way to, you know, you got way too good of a movement pattern firing your glutes. So, we absolutely put a lot of glute work in and we want that endurance and we want them to be able to maintain those, you know, firing patterns for long periods of time. Okay, great. Thank you. Now, we have a question come in from Justin. Thank you for hopping on today, Justin, and Justin wants to know how we incorporate CES into 30 minute sessions with clients that we're seeing only once or twice a week. I want both of you to give your perspective on that, but let's start with you Wendy. Well, I mean, I used to work in a facility where we did 30 to 45 minute sessions. And so, I mean, obviously, that is very typical. And if I do a lot of pre-work with someone and they only have an hour, meaning because I'm a manual therapist, I mean, I do a lot of manual work up front and then we have to get into the activation as well as their programming. So, so me for me, again, as soon as they get done fomorling and stretching, I immediately have, and again, every exercise is dependent upon the assessment, but as Marty just said very typically, you're going to notice that people's glutes are very undirective and so I'll have them go into a glute bridge. I do have my clients going to a lateral to walking or a clam shell or sideline, you know, leg lift or even cable abduction, because again, we know that their glute media is usually weak. And then I can do, you know, I can go right into my integration exercises. And if I only have 30 minutes, I mean, the beautiful thing about integration exercises as they are total body exercises. So I can get a bunch of muscles worked at the same time if I incorporated anywhere from two to four total exercises. So, for example, I do from, you know, my glute bridges right into my lateral to walking, right into maybe a step up to balance to curled overhead press. I could do something like a, you know, single leg, Romanian deadlift, and to a scapcion. I could do, you know, there's a lot of, you know, I could do a sideline lunge with rotation, like cable rotation. So there's a lot of different things that I could do, where I can pinpoint specific muscle groups, get a total body workout, and they're happy because we targeted everything in a short amount of time. And so you can look at all this stuff as kind of like a, you know, as a positive, even in the short, you know, in the short timeframe that you have, because again, total body exercises get your heart rate up. It's very, very challenging, and because we're doing the 421 tempo or we're slowing everything down, these muscles are firing, and it's very, very challenging for the client. So then they feel like they got a really good workout. Okay, great. Thanks for that Wendy and Marty. What do you, what do you think about that? Very similar philosophies. So, you know, it's just kind of repeated. Some other ways to, you know, to attack it is try to get them to do their homework, you know, get their even 5 minutes earlier, right? And at least if they can get their foam roll out of the way or a couple of their length and techniques. Anything that they can get out of the way ahead of time. Now, what I'm going to tell fitness professionals is don't allow them not to do it because now you've just said it's not important. I've had clients that walk in, look, I didn't have time and then they just want to rush right to the body, they work out. I'm going to adjust their workout, but I'm going to force them to do it because I'm going to reiterate that these are the rules you're going to play by. So in the first time, you do that, they'll get in early and they'll get their stuff done if they can. So I try to get them to do as much of it as possible. And then exactly when you said try to be very creative with my integration techniques where I can keep them moving, keep their heart rate up, and then going back to what we always talk about in the CES is what's the most important compensation I need to address. That's the biggest issue that I have to face in that workout or biggest issue that can clean up the most of other things. And if there's some nice deduces, I might sprinkle that in, you know, in their act of rest face like, for example, let's say it's all gloopedious that I really need to target with my activation, but I know their anterior tip could use some work. Well, as they are walking back in four sets, I have them do like the heel walk where they're putting their anterior tip in a nice and metric position and they're walking that way. Because at least I'm getting some firing of their anterior tip. So you'll learn some of those little tricks of the trade or I might throw in cobras as part of their exercise for the mid-trap low trap. But I might have really had to fire the activation on their gloop media, it's because without that their whole movement system kind of doesn't work. So that's where there's the science and the art that we've talked about, but I'm always sprinkling it in, you know, as much as possible. Great, thank you for that. Now just summarize both of you because you've brought up very good points. Number one, you have to be creative. Number two, you have to prioritize and pick the compensation that's kind of driving the most stuff and you may have to adjust your work out. So if you don't do anything that's going to feed some of those other compensations and I like what you said Marty about accidental exercise. This doesn't once you're moving in your in the session and you need to pick up some other some of those other movement segments, you don't have to do this necessarily in the linear fashion. Like, you know, Zeus isn't going to lightning bolt you from Olympus. You are allowed to miss stuff around that so that your client can get all of the stuff done. It can be an active rest. So thank you both for that explanation and I'm looking at the questions and I have one more for you, Wendy. Now my takes place in 3D, we've talked a lot, given a lot of sages of playing explanations, demonstrations. I don't know when to progress into different planes of motion in an integration exercise. Well, of course we're always looking for a proper move of patterns during every exercise that we do. So if you're client owns, as I said and I know Marty brought up just a second ago, I'd like to exercise with minimal challenge to their core. So let's say like a ball squat, then you can progress them to the alternating or staggered stance exercise such as the step up and then progress them to the lunge and then the single leg, you know, single like squat. You know, but as we know, the saggy plane is usually the easiest for most of our clients. So that's usually where we start people in and that's totally fine. But I mean as you said, we move in all three planes of motion. So once this client seems to understand the proper movement patterns, you're not seeing a lot of compensations, then you know, start to put them in the frontal plane, start to getting a moving side to side and then how does their body react to that and then again, start training their body into how to move properly in the five-connected change-out points in the frontal plane. And then the transverse plane. Because again, we want to keep training our core, like our movement patterns and make sure that we're following the same sequence. Again, you know, go from two legs to to, you know, side step ups and then a side lunge and then, you know, different things like that. So so again, being creative and the more you can get the moving in three planes from the beginning, that's great. But if you know that they're really struggling in the sagittal plane, it may take a few sessions before you can start getting and moving in the different ones. But it definitely wants you want that to be a focal point and not just keep them in the same plane that they already know how to move in, you know, easily, if you will. Okay, great. Thank you. Thank you Wendy. Now, we have a question that came in from Megan and thank you Megan for hopping on today and listening and Megan's question is, is there a way to alter the steps in groups of 60 plus people? Okay, so this may be, this is a question for both of you, but go back to your days of working with football team. You probably have 48 50 people out there in warmups before practice, so we're not going to log around 50 plus foam rollers. So I'll continue. She works with fire recruits for two hour training sessions due to our training sessions and then they sit the rest of the day and of course for her budget buying 60 foam rollers is not in the books right now. So how what can we do to follow the continuum but get all of these recruits taken care of? Let's start with you Marty. Yes, I've worked with large groups like that before, so one, you're going to go through your assessments and we do what we call red flag people. If we saw people that moved really inefficiently, we would give them a lot of homework to do on their own where, you know, whether they are injured or not at this point that wasn't the case. It's just a metacritory where we're like, okay, you need to come in with us and learn your individual workout. Then for the group, you know, yeah, we didn't foam roll everybody. Now again, you can encourage people into a session on how to do foam rolling and teach them and encourage them and try to maybe see if you can help them buy these in bulk, so it's less expensive, but that's something they're going to have to, you're going to teach it to them, tell them why they should do it and get them to do it at home and maybe when they get home after their long day as well. Then when you go through the progressions, just like we've talked about, you go through your, you know, your static into active and then into dynamic and pick the muscle groups that tend to be overactive for most people, which is the calves, the hip flexors, the adductors, the lads and pecs, and just, you know, then throw a core stabilization exercise in there, maybe some glue bridges and then you can get off into more dynamic stuff. So when you're dealing with that type of group, they're still a great approach. Okay, and how would you approach that Wendy? Well, I'm going to follow exactly what Marty said. I mean, ideally, even if you don't have 60 foam rollers, maybe, you know, you can ask the firehouses, you know, to try to have some laying around, so when they're not in session, maybe they can foam roll and stuff, you know, when they're in their 24-hour shift. And so, you know, again, that would be their homework and they would have to take some kind of ownership of doing some of that on their own. However, if you are doing 60, you know, 60 people at once, like Marty said, I mean, you may not foam roll and it's okay because again, there's going to be certain situations where you're not going to have any kind of implement to to use in the inhibit section. So you may have to bypass that and go right into the static stretching. And, you know, if it is a group and you didn't do any individualized, stretched, you know, any individualized assessments, which obviously in this case probably not, you would look at the most common compensations that you would think that a firefighter would have. I mean, they're lifting really heavy hoses, they're climbing up ladders, they're moving things around all the time. So, so again, you would think about the muscles that that would be overactive in their particular, you know, in this case, either, you know, either sport, if you're thinking sport or in her case, the firefighters, and then statically stretch it and then go right into activating, again, you know, the common ones, based like Marty just said. So, you know, you could do planks, you could do the bridges, you could do side planks. I mean, those are all really challenging and they're all really good activation exercises and then go into, you know, some kind of integration. And it could be, you know, some kind of like side lunge debalance and then into a scaption. I mean, they don't have to have weights for some of this stuff because again, if you know that they're weak and you're trying to integrate things together, it's still going to be very, very challenging before they get into the actual workout. Yeah. And I can also address the activation in session. Actually, before I do that, I know, Marty, you have a hard cutoff in like two minutes here. So, why don't you give us, why don't you give us what your takeaways are for this session today and then tell us how we can get in touch with you after this is all over? Absolutely. So, you know, I think when you go back in the whole sequence of this is that there's so many really amazing features from each step in the model and there's not one that's more important than the other. And that's what the research shows and that's why I love the NESM content because it's not an opinion. It's science. It's just learn the science, then master the science so you know, what fades you're in, how to progress people, what the acute variables are. But then it's just really, you know, when you now tell you, we've been at this for over 20 years with this information and we're still kind of going, wow, what if I do it this way? But when we say that it's always how to apply the science in a unique new way and get more bang for our buck. So that's the art of it. But if you have, if you're not using it every single day, you get in maybe bad habits or go back to the habits before you took the course and passed the test. So really just, you're your first client and make everything about the model and you'll just see how valuable it is. So and then to get a hold of me the easiest way is on Instagram is Miller.Mardi 72 and then also email is Marty. Miller at nsm.org. All right, thanks. Thanks, Marty. I know you have to hop off. So thank you for joining us as usual. Thank you for your contribution and you have a great day, rest of your day and thank you everybody. See Thursday. You got to look forward to it and when do you'll do a great job you know, closing it up as always. All right. Awesome guys. Take care and be well. All right, thank you. So Wendy, I'm going to follow up a little bit and make this question and you can give me your hand signals, tell me to cut it off, stop whatever you want to do. And it's going to be a little controversial. Now you're your manual therapist and we understand that doing the pendant stretch technique for example does it require a ton of pressure from the phone more. We're not taking a steam roller over that muscle to elicit the response that we need to get this to work. Am I on the right track? Have I said anything unsafe yet? No. Now working with groups like that. Now you're just going to take a little bit of coaching and queuing. I do know that she has access maybe not to 60 phone rollers but she has access to 480 fingers and 120 thumbs. So quite possibly during the warm up when we're doing inhibition you can have those those firefighters just probe with their own fingers in the belly of the muscle without going too hard and just doing a simple pin and stretch technique. You don't have to have, necessarily am I still safe first of all? You are. I'm doing extend. I mean again you want to be careful you know too because I mean obviously you know as I may know therapists we're very you know we're licensed and again you know you have to make sure that they are very clear on the pressure point like as you were saying you know you want to you want to make sure that they don't go past as six or seven on a scale of 10 or you're really not going to elicit you know the the gains that you're hoping to get. So we'll go ahead. And that's a very good point and that's why I wanted to be clear in the very beginning this this is going to take some coaching understanding all of the counter indications where you where we don't want to put pressure obviously we don't want to put pressure in a joint space over a blood vessel over a over any a nervous tissue or any place where it can cause more harm and definitely we don't need a lot of 10 I would even say three or four can get the job done. Right right. Just holding on just holding on to that and just being a little creative doing the little education upfront being a little creative you can still follow the steps in the process safely it's not definitely may not be ideal and definitely not going to do the same job as a former or one of those high-brice vibrational devices but you can still get some of that work done doing exactly like you said focusing on the high the high you muscle groups get into the calves getting appropriately into the hip flexors you don't want to take your bone and dig it across your nervous tissue definitely not into that that femoral triangle and impenge and artery or anything like that but you can you can put your fist in a TFL and do some do some penance stretch techniques without without in the injury so do everything that Marty and Wendy said Megan and you can take your you can take your athletes through that process pretty safely so we are at the end today Wendy what are your takeaways from this webinar well I mean I think again you know just remember that all of this is a continuum and so you know where we are splitting this up and you know the assessment really is what dictates what you shouldn't do meaning you know what are the right areas to follow what are the right areas to lengthen and again we're basing that off of what we saw that caused the compensation and then again what's allowing the compensation is what we're terming as weaker underactive and that's where this webinar really you know comes into play that we want to activate those muscles that have shown to be weaker underactive and then we do the integration by putting it all together you know again just we want to think of if you use a car you know you've got you've got an engine and you've got tires and you've got the body of the car but if you don't put it all together is not going to run smoothly and so that's kind of how you want to think of your body that there's a lot of little pieces that you know we termed that inner musculers you know coordination stuff today that we were kind of pinpointing and then it's like we want to think about everything together and trying to put it together as as a whole to get everything to work you know in proper inner muscular efficiency having the right muscles fire at the right time and the right plane of motion and and again this continuum is great because it really does build upon what's going to be going on in the actual workout and you're just helping a client move better feel better which again is going to allow them to perform better and so I think the takeaway is is just kind of get to know this Lucius table really get a good understanding of what muscles are underactive and overactive and then at that point apply you know this this forced up process and then go into the workout that is is appropriate for your client because remember every client is different that's why we do we do an assessment with everyone so we can get a really good foundation of where they're starting and where they want to go okay and how do we find you ask a lot of follow up questions after this so my Instagram is Wendy.bats 13 my Twitter is Wendy Bats 13 and my email is Wendy.bats at nasm.org okay well thank you very much it's been a pleasure as always Wendy and I hope for weather is okay for you down there well where you are and you have a great rest of the day and thank you everybody who hopped on and stuck with us for the full hour we'll see you next time