Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NASM AFA Optima Online. My name is Prentis and I have very special guests with me today. We have Rodney Corn and we have Kyle Dr. Kyle Stull with us and I'll introduce them a little bit more later. But what we're going to talk about today is corrective exercise and Olympic weight lifting and how we want to be able to use the material in the CES and the weight lift to enhance fun. I know that just because of the industry is sometimes corrective exercise is framed as solely reducing the risk of injury. But you look at this athlete there. This is, I'd say, Olympic weight lifting and the gymnastics lower exercise. It's this mid-expression of power, strength, flexibility out of all of the sports. We want to help athletes like this to be able to maximize their potential so we're going to teach you, well, not I won't. Please gentlemen, we'll teach you how to use both of these systems and integrate them to help maximize the performance of your community. So let's go ahead and get started. And we can go ahead to that slide. So the advantage of for today is we're going to talk about the history of the OPPT model. That is also why Rodney's here. He's one of the, he's one of the people responsible for shaping, shaping this model, the system to what we understand today. So we're going to give you a little bit of a historical context of the OPPT model. And we're going to talk about the history of Alaco and the history of Olympic weight lifting. We're going to talk about the primary lifts. And we're going to talk about what the athletes need. That's what is referenced by needs analysis. We're going to talk about what the athletes need to perform all of these lifts successfully. So that they can express their power and enhance their performance. Hang around until the very end because we do have a promotion code for today for discount on the Laco products and for the CES course and as always, we're going to have Q and A. So you'll be able to type your questions in and we will answer them as best as we can. And as I said, I have here Rodney corn. He's the director of education for Alaco. He is the co-founder and former CEO of PTA Global and the co-founder of Soma. And as I mentioned, he is the former director of education for NASM and we are very lucky to have him on today. Rodney tells us a little bit more about yourself and maybe if you can, tell us about our chance meeting several months ago. Yeah, so thank you, Prentice and it's great to be part of this and thank you everyone for being part of this and for your time and energy deeply appreciated. I always appreciate people willing to take time out of their business schedules to share and just enjoy some camaraderie and hopefully get some information out of it, which is the ultimate purpose. Yes, so I'm the OG. So I've been around a block a few times and was one of the people who was at the beginning of the OPET model. And my story is fairly unique. Obviously, got to NASM in 1999 straight out of my master's thesis and was big into sports and and at the time there was no real structure in NASM. My part he was doing a workshop of program that and Mike was just a brilliant young, extremely intelligent and organized person. And he went through this whole process and launched a great short. I had a real friend's talk with Mike Clark. Mike Clark, we swam him into coming on from his physical therapy, a practice in Arizona to take over and provide his information to develop an actual process. And at the time it was the first periodized process in social training aside from the CSES, which in SCA or FODE had, but there was nothing in training and Mike brought the OPET model. And it looked a little different than it does now. But that's where this all came from. So I was just absolutely honored and it was a complete pleasure to work with and under Mike. The a mentor is, even though I'm about 40 years older than he is, and be able to just learn from his brilliant. So interesting enough as the world goes and as this industry goes, I had to go to China to meet Francis. Heard about it, knew about him, but was in China and we were in, it was Shanghai. Wasn't it was in Shanghai? Yeah, it was Shanghai. We were in Shanghai. Kyle was there. Francis was there. I've known Kyle for a long time. So Kyle and I go way back for many, many years. He's not his older son. But so we were there and I walked into this, this gym at the hotel. It was working out and saw this guy doing some stuff. And I, in fact, my mind was like, that reminds me of like some videos and stuff. I used to see him do. And so we got to just talk and also he said he worked for any of some about God. And I said, oh, I said, hey, well, my name is Ronny Pour and he's like, oh, you're running point. It's a gas. So there was two videos and guys and at some other people in the room. And it was a cool experience. So that has led to a lot of this and here we are. So it's a deep honor. He plays for beat here. So thank you for that. And we also have Dr. Kyle Stull, a master event master education. He's he's responsible for doing a large amount of our educational content. He is also one of the reviewers of CES, professor of a professor at Concordia River Forest. And also a master cowboy. Can you tell us a little bit more about yourself? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And it is kind of hard to follow up Ronny there as in 1998, 99. I was still in high school. And the only sport I ever played was rodeo, perhaps a Texas thing. So yeah, 98. 99. I was rodeoing in fitness and exercise was the last thing. That I would think about. But anyway, fast forward a few years. I got into personal trading and I've been a master instructor for an ASM for other little bit of decade. Now I think it's been about 11 years. And Rodney and I, we worked together on several projects. I think one of the things I've probably never told you Rodney is how influential you were in the development of my career. And I'm sure a lot of people have the same story I do. But I vividly remember the VHS, the CD-ROMs, Lisbon, two year-boyce watching some of those videos with NASM. So I really appreciate not only the work you've done with NASM, but of course everything else you've done in the industry. You're definitely a game changer in my opinion. And it seems like everywhere you leave a strong footprint. So appreciate all the work you've done. And I'm very excited to get to spend a few minutes with you here. Discussing corrective exercise and woodlifting. Yeah. There you go. Thank you, gentlemen. And as I said, today you can save today only. You can save 15% on a pair of equipment. And can also save 35% on the new CES course with a, it's a phone-only promo code. So we will give you that information at the end. And with that said, let's dive right in. Hopefully today it's going to be wall-to-wall content for you. So Joaquin leave with something. So what we want to do right now is since you are here from the beginning, Rodney, why don't you tell us about the first evolution of the OBT model? Yeah. So first and foremost, those are you that, that are familiar with any assembly OBT model. Hopefully you understand that it is a massively powerful system. If you don't realize it's massively powerful, then it may just be that there's more to it than you may know. Also, it has so many different variants as I can go through. And we've turned it down since then, but where it started is originally came with seven phases. When I met Mike and Mike and myself and there was also Lenny Carrasino who was another phenomenal educator in the industry. When we were sitting down with Mike and we were going through it because we were initially the first people that were exposed to it. I'm going to be developing a, any of some back in, there are 2000. We have seven phases and phase one was preptive exercise training. And so we had all these happenings and people, if you were at the theater, if you're old school and you've been around and you've seen the transformation, no, we had all the acronyms. So there was corrected exercise training. And then the stabilization endurance was actually more of the stabilization. It was integrated stabilization training. And then we had stabilization equipment, which was kind of like strength endurance, which was phase three. So two was integrated stabilization training. Phase three was stabilization equipment. That's when we took a strength exercise and put it in phase stability exercise. So it was like a superset. The original, which most people don't know, originally, that was actually versed. It was a stabilization exercise, supersetting with the strength of the K. Kyle, can you pick up on that? Can I, yeah, Rodney, we lost you, we lost you a second? The gardening supersetting has got Rodney. Okay. Back. Yeah. Work out. Phase three, which originally was a stabilization exercise, followed by a media followed by a superset with a strength exercise. That we changed. We added the sketch of my self-deleting and my accent. What do you think we should do? And while there is a, there was a bigger continuum than you'll probably ever see that we've developed, I personally have about four different models for the OPT model. We decided on the strength followed by a stability and that was phase three and then phase four was our muscular development. And then phase five was what we called elastic, elastic equipment training. I'm sorry, it was the max power. So we had muscular development, phase four, phase five was max power. I'm sorry, max strength. And then phase six was the elastic equipment, which is what we had, strength exercise followed by a power exercise. And then phase seven was max power. So when all the way from corrective exercise through stabilization training to the strength and endurance, which is a stabilization followed by stability, then muscular development, then max strength, then the hybrid of strength power and then you went into max power. So we had all of those phases, which was sequentially laid out in a beautiful system, beautiful system to start with. And I'll turn that over to Kyle, because since then, you have, you've changed that. There have been some changes and I think one thing to point out about that too. You mentioned a couple of times you mentioned periodization. So it's important to understand that the OPT model is a periodized model, this periodization. That is a cyclical program and it depends on the sport, it depends on the athlete, but you would program through this basically year-round. And since it is, each time it would progress with the athlete, you can progress the exercises. So it's really a system that is never ending and to your point or as you stated, it just has so much potential and everything that can fit in there. And we can see here on this slide where it was those seven phases that rotting, rotting described well. And then there's been a few different progressions, but now sort of what we've said alone is, we separated out that phase one. So that corrective exercise training, there is so much to that, there's so much complexity, there's so much depth that we thought it deserved its own platform. So we've separated that off of the model and that's where you have your corrective exercise specialization. But I do think it's important to understand that just because we've separated it, doesn't mean it's separate from the model. It still is an integral part of that process and that's one of the things we'll talk about today. And by separating that out, that turned into a six phase model. And that's where we can see now more of that performance based model is going to be those six phases. They've changed names a little bit from what Rodney just said, but it's basically the same approach that they had back in the day when they first came up with this. And then a bit more streamlined model is going to be, we call it the fitness model, this four, the certified personal trainer. And that's going to be the five phase model. And that's what we see there on the slide where we start with that stabilization, endurance training and then we will progress up through strength and endurance high hypertrophy, max strength and then we get power. So essentially, we still get those same adaptations that we would train for an athlete with that stabilization strength and power. It's just, it comes in a bit smaller, smaller package. So that's where we are now. Thank you for that Kyle. And both of you brought up a couple of interesting points. And just the concept of periodization for planned training over the course of the year. So either one of you will start with you Rodney. Why is planning important for the athlete and as a personal training client? Yeah, so these are great questions. And this is the fundamentals of actually programming. And it really comes down to stress. I mean, what we're talking about is stress. So when we talk about a periodized program, realize that it's just a way of manipulating a cute variables. And a cute variables are simply just a means to monitor the amounts of stress that's being placed into somebody's system. And how that stress is being placed, depending on whether it's load, the endurance capacity, you're following a continuum that basically takes someone from more of a road to pass the more of an endurance-based training into more of an explosive, if you go all the way up in a linear fashion, more of explosive. So you're changing energy system, which is changing the stress and the system, you're changing loads, you're changing force. So it's a way of monitoring all of these variables, which have essence to say, and how can I organize and systematically progress the body to adapt to a certainly response and then get it to achieve a better response or a higher response? And not kill it. And that's the whole purpose of curization. When done properly, it actually controls the amount of stress that will be placed upon the system. So you can increase performance and potentially decrease the risk of injury. All at the same time, when done correctly. Thank you for that. Kyle, for you, let's talk about the difference between what strength is and what power is, because just maybe with the lay knowledge, we to find power is doing one of the one of the big three, one of the the big three lifts, the the deadlift, squat, and bench. And definitely amazing feeds, but what's the difference between strength and power for our listeners out there? So whatever we look at the definitions, strength is the ability to create or increase internal tension to overcome an external force. We would look at this in terms of you in proof, strength, increase strength by increasing motor unit recruitment motor unit synchronization. So we're teaching the muscle to be able to recruit more muscle fibers quicker. So that's going to be your strength. However, whatever we look at power, this is going to relate more to rate of force production. The two are definitely related, but power you can think of it as being more speed of movement, rate of force production, where strength is going to be more of that, the one time production of force is if that makes sense. And one of the important things to look at with power and Rondian talked a little bit earlier about some super sets, and also what is a little talk there about the the periodization. It's important to understand that the human organism is breakable. Where a adaptable organism, we will adapt to the stresses that are placed on us. Whenever we look at something like the supersets that are used there in power training. So we would super set a strip exercise with the power exercise. We combine mass and acceleration and that gives us this total increase in force production. So we see that the two, while their definitions are different, they definitely are interrelated and will relate to that overall force production in and performance. Okay, thank you for that. So now let's move on and talk a little bit about again, because for those of you seeing me, that's all I talk about is corrective exercise. But really, what corrective exercise is and why this is important for performance is what we want to get down to is building targeted warm-up and strength exercises, targeted flexibility and strength exercises so that the athlete can in a sense when we as we're talking about Olympic weightlifting or any sport, work on their mechanics to better express their potential. So Kyle, you're the editor, you're the master reviewer for CSC. Let's dive into corrective exercise and take us through what it is, what it isn't, and those four steps in that process. Sure, for sure. And a princess is seems like each time you add on another layer. So this time it was master reviewer. And I think Timber actually moving further and further away from the actual truth. But you swear here about fishing stories. So when we look at the definition here, the process of identifying neural muscle skeletal dysfunction, developing a plan of action and implementing corrective strategy. One of the things about that definition for corrective exercise that I think is really important to understand is it describes corrective exercise as a process. It is not one particular exercise or it is not one particular set of roots of exercises that are corrective exercises. It's that entire process. You must implement an assessment to try to identify the root cause or what is the, maybe the primary impairment cause of muscle analysis. And then we must develop a plan of action. That's going to be your program design. And we can see down there a set of design, an execute. And then you must properly execute those exercises that you design. And we need to think of it as that process. And with that it fits into into a lot of different aspects of a training program. The, what if we look at the four steps over here. So inhibit lengthen, activate, and integrate. So this is going to come. This is our programming strategy. So we use our assessments to identify the muscles that are mechanically short or overactive. And sometimes, you know, those terms can, we can have some loose definitions or interpretations of those terms. They can mean different things. However, we would identify what is, what is short, what's causing the impairment. And then we're going to inhibit that. So our first step is going to use a myophageal intervention or myophageal technique. There's a lot of different research as far as this is concerned as well. We call it inhibit. However, whenever we look at the research, there's some different information there. One of the things that I think is important to understand with the research is, there's not really one specific method that is replicated. So it's really difficult to know exactly what we're doing. So these are, we have some good evidence, but we really haven't gone into the depth of the studies to really be able to identify these exact changes from, from, from, from rolling. Anyway, we're going to think of that as trying to reduce tension and mobilize step tissue. And then we move to lengthened. So this is going to be a different types of stretching. We frequently use static stretching. And static stretching, all we're trying to do is increase tissue or that stretched tolerance. So it's something where it takes place over time. It works with the nervous system. And we slowly improve the ability of those muscles to demonstrate their full extensibility. I want you to think of those two as being mobility strategies. And we're going to apply those to the muscles that are short on one side of the joint. On the other side of the joint, we have to activate or we have to re-excite or upregulate the muscles that aren't really doing their job. And this is where we see the activate. And this is going to be isolated strengthening. One of the things with these activated exercise is, or isolated strengthening. We know that the body works in functional force couples, not in isolation. However, we can put somebody in a position. We can use a specific technique or strategy to emphasize one particular part of a muscle. And it's basically just trying to wake it up. We're just trying to get it to wake up. So we've lengthened one side of the joint. We've activated the other side of the joint. And that last step, number four, this is going to be entering. Think of this re-teaching a pattern, motor control, motor learning. So what we're trying to do here is teach the nervous system what to do with that new found mobility and that new found strength. So that's a few points on the corrective exercise. Continue, I could keep going. But maybe I'll save some stuff for the other webinar. And I know that we're going to get into this today. But this is where the link is and Kyle brought up at good point. You have to follow the process into end to get the benefits of it. And you'll see, you'll learn later from Rodney, some integration techniques that are taken from Olympic weightlifting that fit nicely into the corrective exercise model. When we're reeducating athletes, movement patterns, it's going to be there maybe general skills. But if we're working with athletes, it's going to be specific to that skill. In this case, Olympic weightlifting. So now Rodney can tell us a little more about a Laco. How does company can be? And it's contribution to sport. You see, this is a phenomenal story. So when I got to Raleigh, I went on a herd about this. This is great. So first off, the company of Laco has been around for a long time. Almost a century now, but from an athletic standpoint, the world-by-lead earned weightlifting powerlifting, traditionally. We've been doing that for about 60 years now. So the company way back in the early 1900s started originally as a legural appliance company. So the name of Laco was really electrical installation company. That's the L-A, the I, the Co. So that's where it came from. And they did all kinds of appliances and one of them was happened to be a wall-hawler, which makes great profits. By the way, so an unobritishy-love waffle. So that's how it was a good thing. So yes. In 1957, one of the workers was a weightlifter. And when we say weightlifting, we're talking about Olympic lifting, weightlifting, Olympic lifting, or kind of salons. And when this person was involved in competitions, the bars were always great. So he went to the company and said, hey, what if we make a bar out of Swedish, the company is a Swedish company that our headquarters is in Sweden, home studs Sweden, which is absolutely beautiful. And so they made a bar. And an interesting side note is the neuraly pattern for the little patterns that you see on the bar for grip. That actually was came from the design of the waffle. So they took that waffle iron pattern and they turned that into the actual neuraly, which is called the, the one which is the gripping on the bar. So we created this Swedish steel bar and Swedish steel is a extremely strong steel. And in 1963, this bar was in one of the competitions. And it was the first bar that ever utilized in a competition without breaking. So all of a sudden, we became a well-known commodity in a very sought-after commodity. Then in 1969, in the company, somebody decided that, what if we took a bicycle tire and wrapped it around the weight itself so we could drop it. And it wouldn't make lots of noise and or break and or create any type of destruction. So that was the first, in the beginning of the bumper plate in 1969. Since then, we've gone on to do many things. We're certified in the IWF, which is in a natural weight of the Federation, the IAPF, which is in a natural power lifting. And also very important to WPPO, which is the world-parer. Powerlifting organizations. So that's for the pair of athletes and pair of lipids. We've had more than a thousand world records on our label barbos. You'll see them predominantly, lots of world championships and most of the world championships, as well as maybe Olympic games and pair Olympic games. So that's kind of the background just real simplistically of it was as been sought after and utilized in the world of weightlifting powerlifting and strength conditioning. Yeah. And this, this thank you for mentioning that Rodney and this actually ties together. My love of bars, Nike shoes and and Waffles. They all came from the waffle iron. So I mean, good company. So Rodney, can you, can you continue on and tell us about the history of Olympic weightlifting? Yeah. So weightlifting and lifting of weights has been around for a long time for centuries. The weightlifting first appeared in the Olympic sport in the Olympics in 1896, but it was kind of just a hot pod because it really organized and bounced back in in 1904 and then it took some time off. We had more of one and then it was formally in Olympics for in 1920. And at the time it used both one hand as you can see in that top left-hand corner picture, it used one handed as well as two handed lifts. So they had a one-handed clean-user, they had one hand snatched and then they had the two handed versions as well. They had a clean and press back and from 1928, when they started, we actually dropped one handed lifts in 1928. A totally specific reason why they were dropped, it only speculated. I don't have that specific information. But in from 1928 to 1972, they had three primary lifts. There was a clean and press which if you've ever seen people been really far backward, I've seen that's the clean so they would pick the bar up, they did it to their shoulders and then they would push it over head and then they had the snatched and then the clean and jerk. The clean and jerk's more explosively if to get the bar over head. In 1972, they dropped the clean and press and so we were left with a two primary lifts that we now hear about a lot, that's the clean and jerk in the snatch. So the two primary and lipid lifts, clean and jerk in snatch are typically what we say are the weight lifting, the weight lifting, the lift of the Olympics. Okay, that's great and then can you tell us especially those those of us who are novices or just completely new to these types of lifts, what are the differences between the snatch and the clean and jerk? Yeah, so on the next slide we'll show you a couple of pictures and you'll see the top one is the snatch. So the snatch is basically both the snatch and the clean and jerk are way to get the bar delph on the ground to overhead. In the snatch we do one particular motion. So in the snatch there's a there's a typically a wider grip, slightly different starting position when you're coming from the floor and then you'll go from the ground and you'll come all the way up overhead in one one movement. The clean and jerk, you'll see in the bottom picture they'll rack it to the shoulder and then they'll stand up with that weight depending on how you do it and then from there they'll do a jerk which is more of an explosive district fires a knee-bain and then it's a dipping under the bar and and pressing it overhead and that's the difference. Two movements versus one movement and that's the the Olympic versions of that that's the full version. Now the caveat I want to bring into that is that for the health and fitness world are for you know a lot of strength conditioning if you look at a lot of universities high schools a lot of people won't do the full still do a power snatch or a power or they'll do a hang version whether it's a hang power snatch or a hang clean or a so they'll break in a lot of people will just do the clean they won't do the jerk. So there's a whole body and the way is that we use those and we don't have to use in this case these are Olympic lifts and Olympic lifters we don't have to use max loads and we don't have to use the full the full lift itself if we don't need to and if the person can't actually do that we'll just how that's what's relating into the corrective exercise. So yeah on the next slide what we want to do is take a look at those positions that you were talking about and just just a little story I when I started Olympic weight lifting a while ago in my coach who was from honestly from the former Soviet Union told me that I was going to be worthless as an Olympic weight lifters so he only allowed me to hang and do power exercises so can you go over these movements and wear it and which type of lifted they all benefit yeah so first off the Olympic lifts or the these Olympic stylus have benefit for any and everybody when you get the person to do it at their level they teach coordination they teach balance they provide strength and they provide power all of those are attributes that everyone needs so when when we're talking about this and those are your little listening if you're a weight lifter or if you're an Olympic lifter you're a competition person you know the value of those you don't have to partner if you're not don't want you to be afraid of them one of the things that a label that we want people to do is it's not be afraid or intimidated by the Olympic lifts or but realize that there's a continuum that you can learn on and if you decide that you want to get into competition then there's obviously a lot more learn but if you just want to learn the basics and learn some very powerful unintended exercises then these are excellent so here we have essentially three different starting positions or places that you can begin the movement from so when you do an Olympic lift or you're doing competition you have to start from the floor so the floor is taking you take that bar from there and either rockets you shoulder for a clean and then go from there above for the dirt or you go from one motion up overhead for the snatch but you can also start at the knee and a lot of times just a call kind of a hang position so just above the knee you can do the same thing so it just takes out one component of that and then you're going to also start and do stuff from the hip and so at each and each things are each starting position there are different actions that will break these down into so you can see and then we'll do that on the next slide so realize that you don't have to start from the floor if you don't want to you can start from the knee or the hip and then the way we teach it a lego is we'll teach it top down so people go bottom up there's nothing wrong with that we teach it top down so we'll teach everything from the hip so we have a a very simple system of stance, grip and position. Looking at the stance is going to be your feet about hip width and your toes may or may not be slightly turned out to pin on who you are usually if you're going to go into a twin explosive jump a lot of times your toes will turn out and that's going to help the hips get into the position that they need the grip is going to be a wider grip as you mentioned about because the snatch is going to go up overhead in one position it's going to be hard to take the bar from here and bring it up when the hands are really close to the hand position is a lot wider and you want to make sure that the knuckles are down a lot of times people keep in psychotrull if your throttle is back it's going to be hard to get control of the bar and it's hard for for the pulling aspect of it and then the position like I said floor knee or hip is where you can start so that's to be getting so they're with each of these there are different actions that occur so the snatch and the clean and the lardies and actions it's just how we finish that looks slightly different so that first picture either and by the way that's Patrick normal he's our military education person and that's that's given to props to him and also get props to Lauren Hizer shoes on our education team education manager and she's actually done competitive weightlifting so she's stronger than than uh he and I put together but in the snatch and then we'll get to the clean in a second but in that when we have our stance position once you get set up and you have your stance grip and position where you're going to start from now there's different phases of the lift that you can you can start working on so you don't have to do the whole thing at one time one of the smartest ways is to learn which phase and kind of master the phase is so you can sequentially build into it that first when we call it a dry shrub a lot of people will just call it a pull sometimes that's called the second pull and so that's just a pull and basically just they give it is going into triplet extension and just popping shoulders up like a shrub it's like a shrub you know with triplet extension you can see that he goes on that was toes there and then from that you go into a high pull and that's where the elbows come out so we're getting the bar set in a position and then we pull under and that's where you're going to start to actually pull yourself onto the bar not necessarily pull the bar up and then the last one is bit the catch and so the clean and then you'll stand up the bar that's the snatch so it's just coming all the way up and then you stand the clean and the jerk be very very similar so you still have the hip width you have this slightly the grip is just going to be close so it's going to be just outside your thighs or shins depending on where you're starting and then you're going to happen not goes down and again you can start from that now you also go to see if you have the shoulders packed or engaged and they're over the bar and we say the shoulders are packed and gauges means that when you're holding the bar you're actually engaging your let's just keep it simple you're engaging your latch you're keeping the shoulder back and down so you're not shrugging up or you're not hunch forward and that's just an indication to keep people or a way to help them understand that I need to be actively involved with the bar that's one of the things that people do is I'll just grab the bar and start to move instead of getting set we call it respecting the bar or respecting the lift same right drive you have the drive there the first one which is just kind of rubbing and then you have the high pull and then you're going to get into the pull under then the catch remember the cleaning you're going to catch here the snatch you catch overhead and then from there you have the jerk which is going to go overhead it's that's simplistically the actions that you'll see based upon your stance grip position of the real quick comment if you don't mind the and I may be I may be butchering this this quote here but I heard Dr. Stu McGill one time talking about if you don't know who he is I would say he's one of the for those of you listening I know Rodney knows but the he's arguably one of the leading lowback researchers of our time and incredibly dynamic speaker so I would encourage it to read his information and and look up anything you can of his but anyway he talks about lifting and he says I believe he was talking specifically about the snatch and he says one of the things that separates the elite is their ability to in how quickly they can relax to drop underneath the bar but then also the confidence they have to be able to relax and drop underneath the bar so it kind of goes to what you're saying about kind of that that that that hangs were almost pulling yourself under the bar but I just thought that was a unique perspective so we're talking about this next slide the so those lifts require a lot of strength a lot of flexibility a lot of balance and stability and they're a lot of areas for this to potentially break down for the athlete so Rodney and then Kyle follow up let's talk about this needs analysis of what what an athlete would need to successfully perform perform these two lifts yes to to that point I mean that's a webinar itself so there is a lot that goes into that but in essence you need to have the ability from from the angle up I mean you can think of this that it's never changed checkpoints so any time when you you understand the checkpoints just go from angle all the way up to to sort of find and you know that you you need to have doors to flex in any time we're going to be bending or sliding in a position you need to have a certain amount of doors of production there also needs to be planar flexing a lot of people forget about that part because you have to be able to get into a planar flex position to set up the the other phases to because you're exploding you're basically doing almost like a vertical jump that type of chip extension because you want to chip like skin and not position so you need hit flexion and extension and a lot of times we always think now I need to have hit six and hip extension but you gotta be able to have hit flexion to get into the right positions so you can grab it and so we saw earlier when we were in the floor position you gotta have pretty good hit flexion to be able to get down to that to match where the doors is watching it. The brass expine extension because both of them if you do the jerk after the clean they're going to be overhead at least but even if you don't to do a front squat and you get the elbows through and to be able to rest there you need to have brass expine mobility and stability you have to have the ability to extend to the grass expine that takes the pressure off the shoulder hurdles and then through the shoulder you gotta be able to elevate and then you have to abduct and extra will rotate whether it's abduct and extra will rotate here or abduct and extra will rotate here so that's really important and oftentimes any one of those can be a limiting factor and that's the perfect that's the whole reason for how to see ES process to find out where are you in the starting position and what looking the best things for you to begin working on to gain the strength of balance of coordination and the power to progress up and become better and even stronger and most capabilities particularly lifts. So that thank you for that Rodney and my Spyder sense is telling me that we are going to get a question later during Q&A about foot position. Can you talk about that? You mentioned it. Can you talk about that just a little bit more about how your foot position influences the different lifts and also different segments different derivatives of each lift? Yes so in simplicity a lot of times in the snatch because of the difference of the snatch for most people. Sometimes the feet will end up being wider because you're in a squat position with your hands overhead so those of you that do an overhead squat that's not always the easiest but if you have weight that's overhead and you're squatting down a lot of times the stance is going to need to be wider than having a narrow hip width stance so you can start hip width but once you get up and you come usually there's kind of that hop that pull under where the bars from here you're actually pulling but it's going from you're dropping you're basically dropping down from an extended trip-lix-ended position down and a lot of times the feet will sit in this position and allow you to sit down. When you turn the feet out the object is just to keep the knees tracking over the feet because that will help the hips open up and allow you to get into a lower position so you can have a safer squat that'll take pressure off of the thoracic spine all the way up and the shoulder girdle because if the hips can't move properly you guys know from any Sam's standpoint through all the kinetic chain if I can't get my hips to move I'm going to have to have compensations somewhere else and so that's where people will do that especially as you get into heavier lifts so you keep the body in a safe and a sound of the position to ensure that you have proper stability and mobility and you're not putting too much pressure on the one specific area a lot of times I'm going to be in the shoulder girdles with us from the blunt to the so by the position is kind of an assessor in the clean a lot of times depending on who you are the key to stay a little bit straighter because when you go into that front squat position you don't have to get super wide depending on your strength and depending on your levers and the lengths and everything of that nature so that's the the general basis for why the foot position may change and that's about as simple as you can keep it okay now I'm sure there there may be people listening who's a portal of entry into fitness started strictly within ASM and I've always told people I've worked with that having that having that turn out necessary to achieve the skill in a lift is okay provided that your other training your other training allows you to or you have some programming in there with your foot pointing straight ahead Kyle what are your thoughts what are your thoughts about that yeah absolutely agree and that's one of the one of the reasons the the both there says necessity of variants you know it's really important don't understand like we talked about earlier and I mentioned as well the where in adaptable organism we're designed to move in a lot of different positions we're designed to a lot of different things and we need to or there's nothing wrong with training a little bit in all those different positions however whenever we well one of those positions includes the feet straight so oftentimes think it's funny whenever people will listen to me say that and agree however whenever we try to ask them to squat with your feet straight then they have an argument or excuse us to why they don't need to do that we should be able to do all of that and maybe even some toe turned in or type type position so it really just just depends on what it is you need to do however you have to be able to do them all you can't really dominate one so whatever we look at our assessment process well this part of the reason but yes the process we will encourage people to keep their feet straight that is for a couple reasons aid that mimics a lot of the functional movements that we look at so whenever you're walking when you're running whenever you're climbing stairs going downstairs ideally we want our feet to be straight the other thing whenever we look at ankle mechanics so in order to assess saginal playing motion through that taller pro joint we need to squat with the feet relative straight there may be a small amount of turnout up to about five to seven degrees but relatively speaking that's very little turnout and the other thing is as a corrective exercise specialist or coach or anybody designing a program I have to have a standardized process and I can allow people to put their feet on these different positions for the assessment process so if you start with the feet straight and you reassess with the feet straight each time then you have that you have that system you have that standardization standardization and the other thing I wanted to highlight is Rodney specifically said you gave a few options but you started off talking about how whenever you catch it the feet go out so that's one of those it makes perfect sense you increase your base of support you want to keep the alignment of the spine in that position especially if it's a lot of weight you may vary your foot position and that's perfectly acceptable okay thank you for that and let's stay with you doctor doctor stall the man who wrote the book on foam rollies now we want to start to draw the conclude or make the connection why why corrective exercise what is going on we talked about a lot of a lift with a lot of different timing and complexity why corrective exercise why do we need this so this slide right here what we're really trying to do is get the body to coordinate everything together if we want to have optimal function working through this backwards if we want to have that optimal movement we have to have proper coordination proper control that's going to be the neural muscular control so the nervous system speaking with the muscular system in order to have that we have to have the optimal or close to ideal skeletal alignment and those break up into the three different divisions so we have the muscular system the nervous system and the skeletal system whatever we look at that muscular system the the length tension relationships in order for a muscle to produce produce force reduce force with these intricate contractions and stabilize joints we have to have this ideal length tension relationship and it's really going to be looking at posture and that's where we'll start to get into our assessments with that that ideal length tension relationship then the nervous system can recruit the muscle it needs to recruit for that optimal performance the where master master compensators and the body will find a way to get from point A to point B whether or not it is it is leading to some sort of joint deterioration or something in the long run and whenever we look at force couple relationships that's the the nervous system knowing winter recruit which muscle to produce that that nice clean optimal optimal movement in our particular system that's going to be the skeletal system that's going to be your joint position and there's a slide that comes up in a little bit where we'll go over this again but if the joint's not in the optimal position that it's going to influence the proprioception of the joint which is going to influence the ability of all those muscles around the joint to do their job so that's what corrective is going to do we're going to try to to bring somebody back into it as close to a normal alignment as we can we're not seeking perfection but we are seeking progress we're going to try to bring them back into that normal alignment so that way we can fire the muscles we can stabilize the joints and we can keep that coordination balance. All right thank you for that thank you for that explanation and this is this is where it makes the connection we want to we want to have a great range of motion through the joints stability we want to have those force couple relationships so all the muscles know what they're doing in their firing sequence and we want to be able to do this throughout the kinetic chain with a nice coordinated movement so let's continue with you Kyle and let's talk about the this is something new to the CES and this is our assessment flow can you take us through this and now this is going to fit the lifter. Yeah so a new it's newly presented with an infographic but it's really not new it's been in the text for a few months the beginning of time but we did put some some nice little little graphics in there the what are we looking at the assessment flow so we thought of this as you know thinking of assessments as an if then if we see if and if then that goes all the way back to you know our computers communicate no that type of fun stuff too if we see this then we're going to do this if we don't see this then we don't do that maybe we go do something over here and what we're trying to do is stream our process of the assessments because we see especially in newer fitness professionals this this just becomes a whole lot of information that they gather from their athletes yet they don't know what to do about it so then it's that paralysis analysis and essentially becomes a waste of the client's time because they perform these assessments yet there's no strategies for execution so client intake as the name implies there we have to interview our clients and athletes we have to figure out their goals and all that stuff getting more to the next step there static postural assessment so the first thing we're going to do is take a look at how they stay and what's their static posture this more often than not is going to be representation of their habits and it will give us a lot of information but what they do throughout the day however static posture doesn't always mean that they're going to have poor movement or movement faults so after we take that inventory of that static posture we then have to look at the movement so we have our transitional assessments overhead squat and the the modifications of the overhead squat I'm not going to go through this in a ton of detail unless we have questions but we use our modifications to try to narrow the we want to try to figure out what is going to be or what is a potential primary cause of the compensation and our two modifications are going to be elevated hills which does a couple things it takes the calves out the equation and shifts center of gravity which can improve the squat and the other modification is going to be hands on the hips so what we would do is take a look at that overhead squat go through the modifications and we would use that to pick our next step next step being maybe we go down to those mobility assessments because they demonstrated movement compensations or if they didn't demonstrate any movement compensations then we can go to a single leg squat or the split squat split squat can be used if somebody's not comfortable on a single leg or if we look at some of these some of these movements here they could be applicable to your you're trading for for lifting if they do well in those assessments then we have two options there we have dynamic assessments and these are going to be things like the the the less test tuck jump things of those nature the day these tests for upper extremity stability and control and then we also can take them to loaded assessments and that can be this can be another great opportunity to fit in some of these Olympic lifts but because we're going to look to see if the athlete can maintain that stability and support while under load and then we're going to use that information to design our program and hopefully the goal is we spin the time up up front here to really do the investigation and then we can design very effective and efficient corrective exercise programs that ideally don't take up that much time we're looking at 10 to 15 minutes as long as we do this up front information the way we're supposed to okay and as we go forward I'm going to brought up a point and I want to tie that into our needs analysis with earlier we talked about where technique may break down and where athletes are going to need a little more help to help us dial down and really make this corrective exercise program unique for them can you explain what's going on here in some of these mobility assessments and what we want to what information we want to get out of there yeah so you can kind of think of these as being the primary primary three if you will so in the text we have several but on that first picture on the top left that's a real quick door selection test so we're using the weight bearing lunge test there all these tests as well you just use your eyeball the eyeballs a great pattern recognizer so we just look at the quality of the motion would look for symmetry we want to make sure that you know both sides are moving the same or as great cooks as if one side is tight and the other side isn't or both sides are tight I'm sorry then you're just slow and if one side is not tight then you may rip yourself in half I think it's a little exaggeration but she gets the point so the top left there we're looking at ankle door selection weight bearing lunge test that one below so that's a modified Thomas test and here we're actually looking at it's primarily hip extension so what we would be doing is that leg that's coming up to the gentleman's chest there you grab the knee and pull that all the way in and that induces a posterior pelvic tilt and then that down leg we're looking to see if that can stay in a nice neutral extended position and if we see compensations in these so that weight bearing lunge test the athlete can't reach the knee all the way to the wall while maintaining it in proper alignment in a neutral position of the foot or while in that supine position we see that that down leg extend up then that's going to tell us that we need to implement some mobility strategy so that's going to be our step one and step two where we would inhibit those mouth-hashed tissues and then we would try to to perform some lengthening techniques there as well moving on the one for the body so the gentleman there is doing standing shoulder flexion so this is looking at gleno-cumeral flexion but we're also looking at thoracic extension to be able to get into that motion the one next to that we're looking at the we're looking at internal external rotation from an ab ducted position so there we're looking at a couple things we're looking at those internal rotators ability to lengthen but one of the things I think a lot of people miss with an external rotation test too is we're also assessing the ability of that scapular to demonstrate some posterior which is going to be a nice stable scapular position like Ronny said that's going to help us with our that shoulder packed position also looking for internal rotation there and that's going to be important through that lift going through that that that upper type of emotion here if we can't demonstrate internal rotation then we're probably pulling into a into a position here we're doing something to the the subocomial tissues or some other things in the gleno-cumeral joint and apprentice to that a couple things I'd like to point out relative to the the weightlips is when you're doing that modified Thomas test you can have that person bring their knee up without hands to start and you can see which knee or if there's symmetry in both knees may they'll come up in the flexion before they grab it they once they grab it does it's still have the ability to come to the same level in his flexion so you can actually do hip flexion and extension using that same test if that may sense so I can have someone without grabbing it just bring their knee towards their chest how far does that go on both sides because it equalers a is a has a symmetry in it you know not trying to say that and then when they grab it and pull it can it's still do they both still come up and have the same amount of motion because you'll find that sometimes that will be a limiting factor as well and then when you're doing the shoulder flexion test have them keep their elbows locked because a lot of people will come up but they'll like start to bend their elbows and they'll come up and they can come up there but as soon as you straighten that arm it's all a whole different world so use use those two little variances as ways as you can make it a little bit more specific to what you'd be doing in the lifts and it's real quick if you don't mind me asking a question here kind of selfishly whenever we do these the shoulder flexion test we would generally say about shoulder width with our hands because we want to check that sagible plain motion and then go that over here we're enjoying would you do the same for a lift or would you have them go a bit wider if it relates more to their the the points oh because typically in the jerk if you're coming from here you're usually about shoulder width with your hands and you're going to bounce that up when you're in a snap you're going to be in a wider bit so you can have them come up in a wider grip and you can have them come up in a narrow grip and just just to be a little bit more specific I would have palms facing because that's how they're going to be if they're holding the bar a lot of people go neutral and that takes just a little less tension out of the system so you achieve a little bit okay that is all great stuff so what I want to let everyone know out there is we're going to take you through a couple of case studies on our next webinar which is coming up Friday at the same time but if we look at the next slide can you take just taking the the shoulder rotation case can you take us a Kyle through the first three the first three steps in the corrective process and then Rodney could you share with us some integration techniques that you may use from the Olympic weight lifting toolbox yeah so on the on the first three they're one thing to understand a lot of times corrective exercise whenever people think about it they picture you know a lot of a lot of a lot of things maybe maybe a lot of balance exercises both suit and all those implement some tools have there had their place but corrective exercise can be incredibly specific to what it is you need your your plight or athlete to do so put these down here as examples but it's really important to find a handful of exercises that work well so the first one there in that inhibits so we're doing a little thoracic spine rolling one of the interesting things about the rolling the thoracic spine we are actually trying to get movement in the thoracic spine so that roller as you're going across there we're just encouraged a little bit of movement into those joints to try to get us a little bit of extension and more often than not this could be the client that that demonstrated a arms fall forward and they weren't able to get their hands back to the wall after we go through that the young lady there she's doing a little thoracic mobilization that's going to be our link-thending technique so with this we typically would do static stretching where you hold the end range for specified period of time but here I would encourage maybe six eight to ten reps holding the end range about one to two seconds and again there we're trying to get some motion in the thoracic spine we've identified the inability to move work stand here so we're using those four those two steps to reintroduce that that third step activation here we're going to try to bring some stability to the area now and these are primarily going to focus on those scapular stabilizers so she's doing a combo type of a motion you probably can't see but she's holding a little dow rod in between her hand and what she's going to do here is go into a press motion and then pull motion back towards her head really trying to work on getting the movement there in the in the shoulder blades in the scapula all while stabilizing the rest of the body so neutral alignment the knees ankles contraption loops core getting the movement there and the in the scapula to activate those scapular stabilizers and those are great and it's if you want to follow that up and keep it in the same kind of plane you can now simply do and go back and do an overhead squat so if you want to do a real simple thing because when we went from the ball when we thrown just kind of going over now put the hands above head whether you want to go sliding wider or slightly closer and then now go into a squat but go to where they can keep your your ideal motion because remember we want to try to reengrain or ingrain a proper neuromotor pattern not just do something to to try to do it so see what the difference is and it's also way to get kind of a reassessment what happened before I did all this now I'm going back now can I do and what does that what does it help do is remember there's a lot of overhead training and this is a great the very simple and great process to get strengthening but an integrated motion with that striking of your shoulder girdle so that's that's one thing that you can work on that would be extremely simple now all of the actions that we talked about whether it's your dry shrug or whether it's the high full all of those could be part of your integrated techniques that you could use whether you went from the hip or the power position we talked about but these some things that you can add into that that can be extremely beneficial is going to a balanced position so let's just say we started it that power of the bar okay and we just had just had a kind of a cleat a cleat grip so I'm basically outside of my hips just outside of my hips have a slight hip flex position and all I'm going to do is go into triple extension and hold my shoulders up so I'm talking shoulders up hold that what I'm balancing there so I'm making sure that the glutes are tight I'm in a triple extended position holding that up and do that for 10 reps so if you can hold that for a couple seconds and what sounds easy becomes very very difficult can I also do a high full and hold that so can I come up and do a high full and hold that same position in triple extension so you're teaching the body how to get in position so your warm up is actually becoming part of your movement progression but you're using it in an organized systematic process with this integration you can even do things from standing on your toes holding whether it's a dowel rod or a light bar here and then dropping under the bar so you can get up and hold and drop under the bar so there's a lot of things you can do because that's also working on that thoracic extension and shoulder mobility as well so just a few simple examples just to keep very basic that you start with your mouth facial and work all the way from integration and when you go through that you're now either warmed up to do your training session or you're better prepared to do some more lifting and that point should be emphasized this is the the warm up or is it is a piece of your warm up I don't think I did a very good job of about really explaining that but this is your new movement prep or whatever you want to call it right it's and I've discussed that on Friday how this is going to start being more of your your your movement and then on on Monday next Monday what has specific programs that we can show you here's some of the exercises for some examples of what that would look like and I wanted to keep back key in on again something you said you said rock Rodney this isn't organized systematized this is targeted to the athlete in front of you this isn't just like a caned run of the mill exercise that you would get in in a publication so you are using this process to flesh out the best technique for your athletes to to get them to perform better with the Olympic lifts and with that we I know we ran a little bit over today but this was this was very good information I hope all of you hung on I didn't have the hard cut these gentlemen off they were just dropping dropping a lot of knowledge today and I hope that you appreciated that right now you can start to submit your questions and while we're waiting for those questions to come in uh day you can say 35% on the new CES you can use the code webinar 20 that is a phone only code and you will call 88-773-187-2 redeem your course again that number is 88-773-182-7 to redeem your course and that code is webinar 20 also you can say 10% on a lake or a peril and equipment you will use the code n af sm that n af sm web 15 and you can redeem that www.fware.us now all right me is this is this code case sensitive yes let me repeat this the code is cap a sm lowercase web that's w e b 15 and you can go ahead and redeem your uh redeem coupon for 15 percent off of the lake over here and while we're waiting for questions Rodney let's start with you do you have any takeaways for our listeners for this webinar just a great one thank you for being part of this and now that we've set the stage Friday and next Monday we'll give more specifics on how this will work you can transition it so thank you all for this love and and thank you for sharing your uh your knowledge with us uh I'm glad we're able to do this and and Kyle do you have any uh takeaways for those who are still on with us um just just a little bit so you're going back to that O PT model just remember that it is it's very dynamic the the the the the mouth that goes into it the the science the research so it's one of those where you're skeptical because I have students that's cool just follow it for six weeks and see what uh promise you'll go you'll become addicted to it and then with the corrective exercise again just understand that it is specific to the athlete that's in front of you just like friend has said so you don't need to don't think of it as being some odd form of training it it's going to be applicable to what it is they need to do it's going to be your your flexibility it's going to be some some activation work it's your new your new warm up and I know you'll catch on that a bit more whenever we go through our next two webinars but that and thank you okay and thank you Kyle we did get a few questions uh that came in uh this one is from veto uh and I think this one may be uh for you Rocky uh he's curious uh he's curious about the thoughts behind teaching from the hip first I'm guessing uh I can only speculate that he's talking about teaching uh uh teaching the lift from the top down I hope I'm not representing you veto but uh can you go into that a little bit uh rising you know first and foremost whether you teach it top down or bottom up that's relative to you and the context of your end I know a lot of people that will go from bottom up on a different strength conditioning programs will go bottom up and either way it's okay from the top down or teaching it from the hip down we're just keeping the motion simple so they don't have to happen the full complexity that's all we're trying to do uh so it doesn't there's there's no difference there's no pre-surf it says we do one way versus the other way there's any anything that's going to be better we just want to get people used to a simple extension with the actions involved and then we progress that into more selection extension and then we get that down to the floor um so that's the only reason there there is no there is no specific it's just trying to teach them from simple tool a little bit more complex based upon the amount of movement could you debate it either way absolutely so there is there is no right or wrong amount okay thank you for that Rodney and now we have actually have a couple of questions from Joseph but I want to ask this one to you Kyle on Joseph wants to know shouldn't hip depth or angle of insertion of the for moral head into into the socket determine foot orientation it should definitely be considered the question I would have is how are you going to floor that if we if we really want to try to figure out the angle of of orientation of the female head it takes more than just a few range of motion assessments and trying to eyeball some things and that is also one of those whenever we look at the studies that have reviewed the differences in hip anatomy yes there are some people that have structural differences but it's not as spread as a lot of times we do to think of this one particular study I can't remember the author so forgive me but their conclusion was unlawful client or athlete has some sort of a pre-existing type of condition then we must assume which I know a lot of people don't like that word assume things all the time we must assume that they fall into a normal category or a normal range so it's worth considering but just just keep in mind the the way you tested is not as easy as some position it okay thank you for that and now we have a question from Justin and Justin wants to I think this is for you Rodney what advice do you have for a dinner without Olympic weightlifting experience and uh and you get a client that needs you to train them why would say go get in a course and learn and practice with yourself but and you have you here we have one of your Rodney go ahead and get some information that's that's the easiest way to do so we're we're in the process of getting our our education online so pretty soon in the next few months we'll have all of our courses online depending on where you are you can always ask to have your course have a lake of course but that's specifically what we do is we teach the trainers how to systematically and simplistically learn how to put them so you're confident but then you coach and cues on how to specific teach them and train other people to do them and and realize it kind of differences you what you're taking away message messages do not feel like you have to perform a fully lift to have any benefit or affect people who are starting if if people would just do simple components of the list and there's countless derivatives ways to train certain things whether it's coming it whether it's getting under the whether it's lifting the bar lock the floor whether it's getting through the poles if we would just start practicing those things down can I start what's the best easiest for me to start doing is it the floor or should I start at the hip and work my way down floor up it down and then just go through the actions can I first do this my first get up what's tension in the balance can I get up a triple it's so much tension in a high pool can I get up when people and then can I get under or can I get up on a high pool and catch the bar just doing that not way specifically worried about technique and form and that's the best process to build confidence in it whether it's yourself or a client and that gives them the desire to move on what happens is people will try to load it on weight because they see the Olympics can see competitors doing that and these are skill movements and so if you just keep them simple and light we can practice the skill of it that will give you the confidence to want to continue and that's what you want you want to be able to because they're great lists they're great lists for kinds of aspects the body like we said so that would be my suggestion okay great and we have time for more we ran way over but this question comes from Brian and in terms of programming in a prospective case before injury or in balances how would you program these into a weekly routine and like we talked about now this is open for both of you gentlemen what we talked about earlier this is we're taking this information and putting these exercises into the 10 or 15 minutes that you would do regular movement prep just keep in mind that these are going to be more targeted and focused and unique to the person in front of you so having said that I will let Rodney and Kyle take this away I'll start if you don't mind because I'll touch on one of the things from a corrective perspective should hopefully ideally this would be correct be a preventative process so we would still perform the assessments the the same way we would still go through that same process try to see if we can notate any sort of limitations and then we would still design a corrective strategy to try to prevent anything from happening in the future and then like Pernis just said it's going to be a short amount of time so 10 to 15 minutes we're going to do some roll-ins from stretch and some activation and then we'll be prepped and ready ready to move as far as the Olympic lifts themselves I got nothing yeah and I'll just tag on to that so that's the first of four most is the one of the easiest ways is to build some of that into the actual one of which the corrective exercise is essentially your your warm up or movement prep whatever term you use for that and that can be the integration component that works really easy which we just talked about you could do two or three integration exercises and that could be the the the beginning and that might be all you're working and then you go into a regular training session whatever so it it's going to be dependent upon one your ability level two what are you programming are you programming specifically for weight 15 are you programming for strength and conditioning or you programming for general fitness so that's that's a whole other realm then once you've done the work one up then you can specifically break it down into what are you going to be doing or are you going to be working on snatch today and is it going to be snatch with something else is it going to be snatch and then you going to do dead you're going to do something else so that's where you you can program in what's your ability level how much you're going to do how specific are you going to be doing with it and then what kind of roughest you need where where are you from a corrective standpoint so you may have great ability and doesn't but you have some correction that you need so that's there's a lot of variables that go into that particular question and then what's your ability and what's the environment or the focus of the program and some of our follow-up webinars too especially whenever we we present the templates I think the way our our little teaser the way our templates are laid out it we can really help to answer answer that question yes so thank you and again sorry for apologize for running over today this was a rea again thank you gentlemen for your knowledge and expertise this really set the table for the two upcoming webinars in which we'll dive a little bit deeper into the corrective process so that and give you some cases so that you can start thinking about how you would implement this for your client and as a co-team on the full day a week from today you will leave with templates that will show you show you how to program Olympic weightlifting corrective exercise in a way that's consistent with the OBT model so thanks again everybody for those of you who stayed on for for this hour plus and we'll see you on Friday have a great day thank you guys