Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NASM Live. My name is Prentis Rhodes and I am here with Rodney Corn, the director of Education for Laco and Dr. Kyle Stahl, a man of many talents, one of which is being an NASM Master instructor for many, many years. And today we are going to continue our discussion, our actual finish-up, our discussion on corrective exercise and Olympic weightlifting. And we're going to finish up that discussion of teaching you how to use the CES 4-step corrective process and Olympic weightlifting to enhance the function in your clients. So let's get started with that. Let's talk about go over the agenda and talk about what we've hold to get through in the next hour. So we can go to the next slide. What we want to do is talk about the CES assessment flow. We want to review that. We want to review the four-step corrective process and hit it lengthen activate, integrate. And then what we're going to do is learn how you integrate corrective exercise into the new training template. This is a never before seen training template and this will be available for you in CPT 7. But the reason why we wanted this is that we understand how to use corrective exercise as a solo program. But as I've talked to some trainers out there, feel when I get to meet you, sometimes we are a little unsure about how to integrate this into the given template for regular clients at every level of the OPPT model. Then what we are going to do is design programs for you at all three levels of the OPPT model and at the end of the webinar you will have a special gift of Greg chime in if I'm going to say it in the correctly. But you'll be able to download some point the three templates, three training templates at the end of the webinar. We have promotion code and a giveaway. So what of you will be enrolled into the CES course free of charge? So to redeem that, what I want all of you to do, we're listening right now. I want you to fire your name and email to our loser and he, sitting so quietly in the non-making everything smoothly, he is going to pick one of you lucky participants to be enrolled in the CES course at the end of the webinar. So hang on to check whether or not you're a winner. And as usual, we will also give a promotion code for discounts for NAS and courses and also a lake or a parallel. We want this webinar to be a little more active. Please start. Ask questions early and often. We want to make sure that you leave this webinar with an understanding of how to take CES, bring that to life into your regular training templates and we want to show you how to integrate Olympic weightlifting or derivatives of Olympic weightlifting techniques at all three levels of the OBT model. That was pretty long-winded. So let's check in on our panel and Rodney, how are you doing today? Do you throw them up? Two thumbs up. Dr. Stahl, how are you? I'm doing well. Thank you very excited about this webinar today. So why don't we go ahead and go to the next slide and review the assessment flow? Just so they understand where we're going to take our clients and talk about the information that you're going to want to get from this assessment flow. So Dr. Stahl, can you take that away? I think that's through this process. I will. I'll try to do it a little bit more than on the seminar. I think I got out of control over. But whenever we with the assessment flow are really just the assessments that are presented in the in the corrective exercise material, we're going to make this process both effective and efficient. You should have or you should follow a logical sense of events to down to designing an effective program. And one of the things we saw on the last webinar, Rodney presented a great case study of how you can do a bit deeper whenever you see something that's unusual and be whenever you have that experience education to be able to do a little bit deeper. So you can always do that for sure. But we also want to do this quickly. If we need quickly and effectively and efficiently. So that's remember we let you assessment flow. If you do client intake, you have to know who your work, you have to know what their goals are. Often times get lost in this corrective exercise to a circle or a cycle and we forget that we're actually working with somebody that more than likely has a more important goal in their head than simply moving. They want to lose weight. They want to be quicker. They want to be more powerful. They want to be able to play with it. It's longer. From there, we're going to go to the static posture. As I've said before, your static posture is a pretty good representation of your habits. So that's going to give us a snap of it is you and your client does most of the day. Or just if somebody or just because somebody may exhibit less than optimal postural positioning, it doesn't mean that that's going to translate over into their movement. So we all have to take them or we should take them through a movement assessment. Our transitional assessments are going to be the overhead squad assessment. That's where they are transitional. There's no change in base of support. This squad assessment, bilateral, we're looking at total body motion, total body strength, core control, all of that fun stuff. If we see a compensation there, then we're going to move to our modifications. Two modifications. First, we're going to elevate the heels to take the calves out of the equation and change a center of the body. We're going to go in different so that makes on the movement. Then we're going to put hands on the hips. That's going to take the upper extremity out of the equation. We're going to see how that changes the assessment. If you think about those steps there, what we're doing is we're trying to identify is it a foot-nacle problem? Is it a low-public hip complex problem or is it an upper extremity shoulder-girdled thoracic spine problem? And assessments are never 100% perfect. But they give us a really good idea of what's going on. See those compensations there. We could go right from that over on assessment, skip all the way down to the mobility test, and this is going to give us more and more joint specific information. So it's kind of a confirmatory test to back up what it is we saw that also gives us stronger subjective information. So we can measure and improve over time. If we don't see compensations in the overhead squad assessment, then we can put them under a little bit, take them to a more advanced test to do a single-leg squad assessment. Then we could do the split squad if single-leg is a little too advanced. Split squad is also very applicable to some of the weight lifting moves. If somebody is interested in weight lifting, if they do well there, then we do other options. Dynamic assessments, these are the things that are more appeals, which is going to take that out of the equation. And then look to see how the squad looks. If the movement proves, then my assumption is, and I know a lot of times we say we don't want to assume that we make assumption all the time. My assumption is going to be that there's a few ankle issues, so then I'm going to move forward with foot and ankle mobility test. Now here's the thing is, just because I identified a foot and ankle issue, that doesn't mean, or I'm not completely ruling out that there's something else up the chain. I'm going to design a corrective program initially to input and ankle mobility. And like we said before, a corrective program should work immediately. It's not going to be perfect, but we should start to see smoothness, smoothness, and movement. We should see some sort of improvement. And it, my first session, maybe the second session, I retest my look to see is my foot and ankle corrective program improving their squat quality. And if it is, then I'm going to keep going down that pattern or that path. If it's not, then maybe I go back and I do another test with a different range of motion test and then just see what the fucking identified, something else that may be driving that. Does that make sense? That makes, you know, what that makes perfect sense. That makes perfect sense. And if you have any questions about that, just please ask as we're going along just so that if we need to clarify anything. So we're going to move to the next, the next, talks about the corrective exercise process. And we want to look at those four steps. And this is going to be related to the next slide. The next slide actually, let's move on to the next slide. We can talk through the template there. Okay. So we have our corrective exercise process. So outlet Kyle, can you start with inhibit and lengthen? And now, as we're taking a client from purely corrective exercise into level one phase one training, how does this fit? How does the template on the left fit into our OPT template? Great question. That's one of the reasons that I'm excited about this is I think a lot of times people just just like already said coming get lost in this corrective exercise cycle. But what we're going to talk about here is how you're corrective approach, your corrective strategy directly relates or directly feeds into your regular programming. And this is the, like you said earlier, this is a new template we're releasing with the CPT 7. I think this is the first time it's ever been seen, probably not, but maybe. And what we can see here in habit and lengthen. So those are going to be your mobility strategies. We're going to use self-mile, facial rolling or foam rolling, what self-mile facial techniques on the short and overactive tissues. And then we're going to perform some sort of a lengthening technique. We could do static stretching. We could do neural muscle restratching or we can, we're going to look at the flexibility continuum a little bit today, how that progresses into active stretching and then to dynamic. We see step one and two that fits right into on the template on the right, right into your warm up. This is going to be your warm up process. You're client comes in, they grab a foam roller, they're going to start rolling these, these muscles and then move into the stretching technique. So it could be warm up, it could be mobility. It could fit into a couple of different names, but in our template we're going to just call it warm up. Okay, perfect. Now, as we move down as we move down the corrective continuum, Rodney, can you take us through how activate and integrate fits into the template on the right for our client, Jane Doe or, I guess, her name could be Remi. But can you tell us how that fits in there? Yeah, absolutely. So this is really exciting because this is kind of how we taught it way back in the day in the early 2000s when probably half of people on this call were in grade school. And this is a very simple process. So any of the time is trying to keep it simply, you guys have done a great job bringing it back to kind of where we were. The active date and integrate, so your activation, as you know, is about a little bit more of a slower and potentially more isolated, in particular, exercise that we're looking to simply activate or reconnect. And so we can use that in place that specifically in where you see on the, on the tip of the right where you have activation in the corner balance. So, very simple ball bridge. A lot of times you'll see in a lot of eight days, some stuff there's a ball bridge or there's even a plank or there's a side plank. And when you're doing that, that is an activate activation technique. And so you can have that in there. Doing a single leg balance, single leg balance, whether it's just a static or whether there's some type of flip reach potentially, that's also an activate technique. So the activate in this CES template, it's right into activation and that's why it's called activation obviously. The integration can be everything from skill development down. So once you get into the integrate, your skill development can be some of your integration exercises. And we'll see that as we start going through some of the templates that we've built for you so you can see. So in essence, you've got the template, your warm up, your activation skill development, really can, and how is your incorporate all of your corrective exercise strategy? And it's a, it's a very simple process to do. And then it just, it'll change and look different depending on who you're with and what their goal is and where they're at in the, in the Ok team. Ok, perfect. Now, and I wanted to bring up a point that we've all, that we've all talked about. And that is, you have flexibility as to which exercises you can use in, in the activation portion and the skill skill development portion. It depends on your, again, your client's levels, your, their skill level, what their, what their assessments are telling you. And also what types of things you want to accomplish with the session, that skill training, that skill development can be anything from your traditional activation exercises, where I'm talking about to what we would call sport specific. So you, you're, you're really not limited by anything at all. Only, only at this point, your, your imagination. So, so let's now, Kyle, do you have anything to add to this discussion? I do. So thinking back, we, we'll go all the way back to webinar one. We talked about how back in the day phase one was corrective exercise training, CET, and then that kind of branched off to become the corrective exercise specialization. And from there, we oftentimes look at corrective as, as being this individual fan, it can be some clients need just focus on the four things that are here on the left and it, you know, be different things, maybe you're working with an older population, maybe you're working with, you know, somebody that is, is working, injury or they've worked through an injury, they've been rehabbed, they've been released by the physical therapist. And now your goal is to return them to performance. Maybe you just focus on those four things, but that could be two, three, four, maybe five weeks. And then we start working them in or working it into what we see there on the right. So it is okay to just work on these four phases if that's where your client is. But we soon need to start integrating it then into the LBT model, because that's going to be where we can really start to build and develop those progressions and still follow a similar approach. So I'm going to ask you another follow up question and then we want to really get into those those training templates. So when do we, when do we make the switch? When do we take a client who's strictly on the corrective exercise regimen and start to transition them into phase one? You know, I don't think there is an exact answer. That it depends. So what's going to depend on? Whenever we do our first series of assessments, we're taking, we're getting their baseline data, their baseline, you know, whatever we want to call it. And what we have to do is, it ends up being a bit of a subjective type of a measure. We have to to each their improvement in approach or the improving their, when we're going to say performance, think of movement, or something. One of the things I often think about or often try to stress is whenever we're looking at assessments and we, we're pulling out these compensations and impairments in these deviations. All of those have very negative terms. However, we don't need to think about it that way. One of the things you could be taking from that is, what is my client able to do? Once you've taken them through this four step approach long enough to where you feel comfortable with them doing a regular squat, comfortable with them doing a regular pushup. They've developed some of that foundational stability and improved that range of, that's when you have to make that switch. If you think it's dangerous, right? If there's squat looks like it's something that's dangerous if we're going to load it over here and phase one or if it's dangerous that we do this, then maybe we still over here in the Tim Flonb left here for a little bit longer until we start to improve that. Okay, great. Thank you. Thank you for that explanation. Now, let's start building some approach. So if we could go to the next slide, we're going to talk about level one stabilization endurance for our client, Jane Doe, Alice Kruger. We want to, Rodney, can you take us through what's happening in this program? Why we've chosen, why we've chosen the exercises we did. And if there's some explanation of some of these exercises that may seem unfamiliar, can you talk us through that as well, please? Yeah, absolutely. So we just started in the warm-up and we kind of had a quasi-built in a corrective strategy in this particular, we'll, even though you'll see that we have dynamic stretch that's been added into this particular component. We'll get to that in a second. But first off again, it's just starting off with your foam roll and going into the stretch here and have it in length in this particular area. This is fairly general, so we have a little bit of lower body, a little bit of upper body, because we want to make sure that the person's well-rounded. So in this particular case, there wasn't any major area that we really wanted to focus on and some of the other ones will talk a little bit more about different areas of the body. So we just chose some pretty basic foam rolling and stretching, and then we went into some dynamic stretching. Now we've talked about this and what we really want to bring to light here is that the thing that Kyle and Princess have talked about, I want to read her because this is something that we did when we started this whole process, is that this can be very valuable. You're not locked into that specific format. You can take the dynamic if you didn't want to do dynamic and you could be moved the dynamic. You could also put dynamic down on your skill that the unnecessary skill section. So it can be there, it doesn't have to be there because your foam rolling or static stretch or core balance, that will create an activation that will help you get into your skill development. So I just want to give you that little precursor. So we have a dynamic kind of stretch routine there, then we get into, in the core we use a ball combo to with a dowel rod. So remember, we're going to be doing a little bit of a lip lip lift up in here, just getting someone used to some of the basic derivatives. And before I get into that real quick, just remember when we talk about doing a lip lip lip thing stuff or components of a lip it doesn't mean that we're going to be starting with weight from the floor and bringing the ball all the way over ahead. There are components or phases that every one of those lifts. We can train those phases to get people acclinated to that, work on technique, work on the skill of that, and then slowly grow and add another phase and add another phase. So we can get someone to go from just one of the phases or two motions involved into the whole chain of events. So just want to iterate, reiterate that to make sure that we don't have to be intimidated by a lipic lift, just because you're here to work on weight lifting. It's just we break it down and they're pretty simple because it's some common exercises that are done, but you're just sequencing up. So we use a ball combo to with a dowel rod and the ball combo to is essentially where you're laying over the ball and you're going to go into essentially like a row. So you're just going to pull the dowel rod to you, then you're going to externally rotate the press, but you're in more of a horizontal position. So you're working in a scrappy that's trying to figure you up. Great for shoulder stabilization. It's a great exercise. Obviously for core stabilization as well. So that's when we start that, just getting that and that's also one of the most important movement we can have is getting turnover and then going up over. So that we use that particular exercise. In this one we use the single leg windmill with a dowel rod. So that would be having the dowel rod on you like a squat bar and then you're going to be in a single leg position. You would be bent over the hip to the degree that you can control and then it would be rotation. So which is new in this position, rotating. Great glute and add up to kind of activation because you're going into internal and external rotation and stabilization. So that can be very helpful. But also getting the arms out and you're getting a little bit of, I don't want to say so much activation as you are kind of some elongation and potentially lengthening through the body and range of motion. So to speak. So a little bit of mobility work in there as well. And then in the skill development we did as we took just one component from the snap. So snap should never have a wider grip and we can just use a dowel rod if someone doesn't have a lot of strength. It's just particular time and it work to be a barbell depending on the level of the person. And all they're going to do is they're going to be starting from the hip. So they're just going to be a little bit of the hip flex position and that dowel rod is going to be right there. And as you see in that picture they're going to start from the hip position and they're going to just write up into the dry strokes. So all of it is as shrug as you go and up on your toes. But what they're going to do is they're going to balance in that position. So it's kind of a balance that you're size but it's acquiring that skill of how do I shrug and extend in the triple extension at the same time and then can I hold that because it's going to be imperative to have little linements as you start adding weight. Okay great. Let's go back to the template and start working down. Let's go back to the exercise template and work into I think we've made it now to resistance training. Yeah. And after we've done the clean pull unders that we just showed on the last slide where we're just going to get used to pulling the bar under which is another technique that I skilled driven. And then we'll just go into the resistance. For the squat pattern we're just going to do a front squat. It's going to be really important especially for doing the clean. So getting that we used to that front squat and we can use a kettlebell. So instead of having to worry about a bar belt to start with we can have a kettlebell. What we can do is put two kettlebells. One on each hand and a front rack position. Hold in a kettlebell and get it used to a front squat. And then you'll see that a larger exercise is a similar push-up rotation. As a push-up pattern that we can do just have to be that. You can do a ball push-up. Do anything that you wanted to. But that's just what we've done. So there's some common exercise that you guys can see. The hinge pattern we did a bar belt. Snatch good deadlift. So just all snatch good good. Remember it's a wide grip. And we're going to do a regular deadlift with a wide grip. Just to get used to that if the person ever wants to do a pull from the floor and do some type of snatch. Then we're just getting them used to that particular. And it's also a fantastic exercise. Four stabilization and strength. And then the press pattern just a single leg dumbbell, arm dumbbell press. And the arm press, the reason why we chose an arm dumbbell press where they're going to come out is just for shoulder mobility and getting a range of motion to get them out. Why are we on a single leg? One because we're in the stabilization endurance phase. And we have that luxury and that ability. And that's what we're trying to do. We're really trying to focus on the arm ulcerative control. And we get someone to control the hip complex. And with the foot on the floor because we need to have symmetrical, lower body control in order to do the lifts properly. So that's why we chose it in the single leg. And then we just ended up with a scape pull up, which is if you're doing a pull up, it's just using the downward movement up into the elbows and you can do the same thing with a pull down. So if you don't have a pull up bar and don't have access to it, you're just doing this is like a scape pull down. And that shows on there just to start getting some scape stabilization. Okay, let's and I want to ask you a question about the acute variables. So we have two sets, two sets of 15. That type of volume is appropriate for this level. Macing daunting, depending on the lifts and the athlete you have in front of you. Can you elaborate a little more? We've the three of us have talked about volume and how you can load it and manipulate rest periods and still be and still meet the requirements for stabilization. But can you talk to us a little bit more about different ways you can load this and have it still be stability training? Okay. So first and foremost, stability training will come a lot from the temple. So remember these are slower temples and there's a purpose for slower temples. And people oftentimes have no clue where they completely overlook. When I slow that tempo down, I'm fortunate and nervous system to have your constantly fire and getting that constant fire is a great way to create stabilization. You're also using a lower weight because of the higher repetition scheme. And so with a lower weight, the higher repetitions scheme, you're able to sustain a longer motion, a longer time under tension. And that's important to build up the nervous system and it's nerve-rusted or connection, which is what we need for stability. We need those and even the type one and lower types to be able to consistently fire without fatiguing. And so that's the purpose of having the different two variables. If you have people and this happens a lot and this happens and stuff we had to address when we first came out with the model is sometimes people can only get six to eight repetitions at a slow tempo. And a slow tempo should really be fairly slow. It shouldn't be like 1,000 won. That's not really slow. That's a little bit faster. So you should have a couple of seconds of each centric and a second or two of pausing somewhere in a second that's coming up. So there should be a slower tempo if you really want to maximize this particular phase. And so if the person can only get maybe six to eight repetitions of good form, then give them a second or two to have a rest. There's no problem having a few seconds of rest and then do a few repetitions because remember it's about doing, it's not about doing the number of repetitions. It's about following the acute purables and following the mechanical path that you want the body to follow. That's what we're really talking about here. So whether you do a repetition and rest for a second and a repetition and rest for a second, there's many ways that you can go and have the amount of volume that you want. You want a little bit of volume in this particular phase of training because that's going to build up the endurance capacity and the ability for the tissue to recover so you can build strength and build power upon that. So whether it's a rest in between every repetition for people or whether you do three to four to five repetitions and rest, that's dependent upon the person and door yourself. Do not be afraid to use that to maximize the person's ability to safely control and do the performed exercise the way that it needs to be done. And Kyle, do you have anything to add to that discussion? I do. So one on the talking about the tempo, the speed and it's very important, especially in corrective exercise too, but also here, especially in phase one. We need to remember that we're trying to relearn a movement pattern. So it's going to take mindfulness. They need to pay attention and in Daniel Coil and the talent code talks about deep practice really well. And it's one of those things where if you make a mistake, you stop, you go back and you redo it. So it's not necessarily about that total volume per se. It's about making sure that each movement is a high quality movement, moving slower is going to make them have to concentrate on that movement more and they're going to learn it better. They're going to build those patterns. They're going to build those connections quicker if they focus on it that way. So there's a lot of good reasons for those acute variables there. One of the other things I wanted to touch on are actually two other things. Going back to foam rolling up there, we have the glutes and we touched on this a little bit. I think it was the second webinar. Maybe it was the first. Just because we're foam rolling something doesn't mean we're trying to inhibit it. Using the roller that compression is going to increase fluid flow and blood flow. And a lot of times our tissues just get stuck. So whenever you're rolling back and forth on something you're kind of mechanically moving those tissues around. So notice here how we're rolling the glutes, but then we're going to get into some a squat pattern, hinge pattern. So those things are deadlift where we're going to actually work the glutes. Rolling the glutes in this case is going to make them a fire and function much better. Once you get down to some of those other exercises. That's one of those things. It's not always black and white. There's a couple different reasons where we were roll things. Last thing I'll touch on dynamic stretching. We have to keep in mind here that if those clients, if you're clients to do that, they must be able to control. So if they're not able to control the motion, if they're moving too quickly, if they don't have good form, then they're not quite ready for dynamic stretching here. We could put it a little bit later or maybe we just wait a little bit to put it in there. So it's excellent. To excellent pattern or a progression to go from foam rolling, stretching to the dynamic as long as they can control it. And if not, then there before we'll add in a little bit. It's going out standard. Yeah. And I want to go down to the last cut. Well, let's start at the end first. So if you're going to cool down, you're going to address, address some of the things that you did in your warm up with, finishing up with a static stretch. And also any self-modifaxial technique, you'd be the on the foam roller vibration. Whatever it is, you have available. But we have a new section in there called Client's Choice. And Kyle said in the beginning, and very true, your customers are paying for a service. So if Mr. Jones wants big guns, you better give him big guns. And I'll get him to do some bicep curls. So it is, and that's completely okay if we talk about the fit process, the fit acronym that you see in your textbook, that last part is in joining. We want to get the clients through our clients through some of the things they need. But also, you want to give them a heavy dose of things that they want to do, because that's going to keep them motivated and keep them coming back to you. Sorry to that rapport. I'm just about to write a non-session. Yeah. Sure. Great, maybe if I'm wrong, but that doesn't have to be F. After they're worked out. Yeah. You can go to that point. You're right. Besides, they do, it's just so you prepare them. So again, the template is a structure for you, but in that case, that doesn't mean that you have to follow that otherwise, you blow up or something. Yeah, and in some cases, in some cases, we do, right? So we want to foam roll before we get into some things there. But I mean, that is. Yeah. So first thing in the morning, with Bicep Curls. So I'm a Chuck Norris Total Jam. Before we move on to the next template, Haley Haley, and forgive me, if I'm not saying your name properly, but welcome. Thank you for jumping on today and listening to us. Her question is, and this is both of you can answer this. Want to client tends to lean too far forward, and also has issues with ankle mobility, which denies full range of motion. How would you approach this for warm up and activation? So you touched on this in the very beginning Kyle. So let's start with you. So is it, is it, is the question more regarding ankle mobility or the forward lean R, the two associated? Or maybe? And the way I'm reading it, I'm making the assumption that I think that that connection is there, yes. So the first thing I would do is take point back to the assessment process, elevate the heels, and see if they still have that forward lean. If they still have the forward lean, even with the heels elevated, then I would want to do some mobility testing around the hips to see like a modified Thomas test before familiar with that, or you could just Google it to see if or looking at this second webinar. Rodney talked about it to see if we have something anterior aspect of the hip that is is wanting to pull the torso forward. So I would do that. If you elevate the heels in the movement is better, there's no more forward lean. Then we have a pretty good idea that it's something at the foot ankle complex. So then our rolling and active mobility and activation would be a foam rolling of the calf complex. So solely as open to the gastrointemium, we would then go into a static cap stretch. I prefer the standing stretch up against a wall or with an ankle board, but there's other ways you can do it. For our activation, we would want to activate some of the tilly allys anterior on the front part of the foot that would be kind of our main thing. The idea there is we're freeing up that motion the posterior aspect of the leg and then we're going to try to add some stability or some of that activation to the anterior aspect of the leg and then an integration could be something like what we're doing here. Something like a squat pattern would be perfect as long as they can maintain a good form with that or a ball wall squat. So they're pushing up against the wall a little bit to get some erect spine activation. It would be one approach. Great. Thanks for that explanation, Anne Haley. I hope that answers your question and before we move on, a preptist real quick. On that just to add to exactly what I was saying, if that person, the activation wants to continue to move or you have a client that wants to move, you can always have them do something to activate the anterior tip like I was saying, exactly right. They could be in a bridge position or they could be even doing a ball bridge. They could be on their heels and just have the toes lift it up. Just make sure that the feet are straight and they're not turned out to just keep them up and have them turned in. Or sometimes you can even have their toes together and lifted so they're actually kind of touching each other to that way they'll keep them from going into an external rotated position and that way you can get some movement for your client as well as get that anterior tip activation. So they could have their feet elevated. The toes elevated on their heels, going to a bridge and then come back down, drop the feet, relax back up, up, down, so they could do that. And that's just one way that I've used with Kyle was talking about for people who want to move. They don't want to just do like this simple little timing exercise that you can do as well. Okay. Thank you. Thank you for that. And our next question is from, I don't know if I'll be out of say this with an accent. I don't know where he's coming from but Gerardo, Gerardo, he wants to know how long do you recommend this warm up should take place on average. How long, what's the time limit on this? Let's go with you, Kyle. Yes. So what are we, what are we saying warm up there? The foam rolling stretching, dynamic stretching, that's going to be 8 to 10 minutes. If we look at rolling 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 areas, and then moving through the static stretch, so maybe 12 minutes for that. Definitely wouldn't take very long to work through it. And that's kind of the point, whenever we look at a warm up, you know, that a general warm up client hops on the treadmill for 5 to 10 minutes. Well, let's do something more individualized, more specific, and have them go through those three steps. It's going to take them again 10 to 12 minutes. And then we're ready to get to the activation and the skilled development after that. Okay, great. So let me follow up, Rodney. Now we know that some clubs, when we all get back to business, we have sessions that are 30 minutes, some 30 minutes and 45 minute sessions. How can we maximize this warm up, be efficient with it so that we can get to the meat of the training. What people are paying for? Yes, so there's two things. One, what are you going to be working on that day? What's kind of your main crux? And then you pick the various of the body that are more specific to that, or what we call the biggest bang for your buck. What are the things that are going to be the most overall value? So you're going to eliminate. So maybe it's depending on, and this is where the assessment becomes so vital, because if you know exactly what's going on, maybe the person didn't have any, any caps, after you. So you can eliminate that one. There wasn't something that was in there. You have LATS and PECS, which one gives you the best bang for buck? A lot of times people will go with LATS because it's a biarticular muscle, but that doesn't mean that necessarily has the biggest bang for the buck. So it could be either the PECS or the LATS. Depending on what is, or you do a T-spawn and you do the T-spawn with your elbows out and you're rolling over it. So you're actually getting some of that elongation all part of that. So there's different ways that you can pick and choose and give you the things that are the biggest bang for the buck. And that goes with going back to what we talked about in the very first one is the more you know, the more you can ascertain from your assessment process and from working with your client, which ones do I need to have and how can I best use those to get through that in five or six minutes instead of 10 to 12 minutes? Yeah. And if we take that back to Haley's question, let's say we identify it's a foot n ankle, then we're going to end of end of we're limited in time. We're going to roll and stretch the calves. We're going to do just like Rodney was talking about an integrated exercise where we're getting some glutes and anterior tibialis at the same time. And if that's your warm up, we're done in eight minutes and eight minutes. You've you've added movement where we need to add movement. We've got the blood to flow and we've activated some muscles and now we're ready to get down into the rest of the program. Last thing is teaching how to do it and then they do it before you meet. Just make sure they can do it the right way. All right. Thank you, gentlemen, for that explanation. I hope that does answer the question. So now we're going to up against the hours. So let's go to level two strength endurance training. And let's start. We understand why we want to do inhibition and lengthening and we're doing more active stretching in this phase. Let's go to activation and Rodney talked us through why you picked the exercise that we did here and walk us through the next three segments of the template please. Yeah, so the activation very simply is we're looking at posterior anterior chains. So we just want to see how how we can start to increase and activate those, giving a little bit of core stabilization. So that core strengthens that particular area. And then we just went into the barbell high pill, high pull. So now we're just going into the high pill with balance. So we turned this into the balance exercise, which was what we did with the dowrod and the first one. So remember from from these three templates, there's been weeks in between them. So we've increased the person's ability to actually do what's supposed to do. So all we're doing in this activation is basically now a simulated warmup continuation from just getting the circulation flowing to actually starting to get the nervous system prepared for what we're going to do in the skill development because now I'm a skill development skill development. We're going to go through almost like a tricep. So we're going to do barbell drive shrugs. So three of those boom boom boom boom and then we're going to go right into three high pulls and then actually getting in right into the clean. So three little power planes boom boom boom and then we're going to do three sets of three, three on that and then we're going to go into the same thing with the snatch grip. So all of those activations are just preparing us. So remember the string leg deadlift is kind of doing just a hip extension. Well, we're going to need hip extension when we start doing the drive shrug high pull and the cleanest snatch. And so that the rationale behind us. Okay, great, great. Now I had a question in one of our other outlets regarding how we organize exercise. And I just want to talk about the similarities a little bit. You used the term tricep in some of my education back in the middle ages. I was I used the term complexes. So can you talk about the difference the difference in similarities, differences in similarities between those two? Well, complex just means that there's a few different exercises or more than one exercise you're going to be doing in the back to back and that's the same thing tricep was just there's three and it's the same position you're just doing a drive shrug high pull power clean. That's a B1. That three revolutions of each one. So you have three different ones. So I just said try you call it. Yeah, no. I mean, there's so many names work pick one. Yeah, I know. And I just wanted to bring that point out. So it's all the same thing. We're saying the same thing because we have to sometimes educate from a textbook. We can't use every term or it will completely blow the text. So I just wanted to let everyone know that there's some similarities there. And it's just how will you work? Okay. I don't know if that's not B. I got you all B. Yeah, absolutely. So let's talk about what we're doing. Now we picked. We're working on level two, but this is specifically a phase two stabilization endurance workout. Can you take us through that particular block? Tell us what we what we're doing in phase two, superset training and what we want to accomplish with these the techniques that you chose here. We're just getting some of the components of an Olympic lift kind of thrown in here. So we have overhead squat. So overhead squat. So we start talking about a push-hanging press. Overhand squat is as you have a bar overhead depending on what you're doing. We're hoping that by the time we get into phase two, the person's able to have a bar. Now whether it's a 45 combo or a 35 combo or a 35 combo or because there's different weighted bars. That's dependent upon the person's ability. Just getting them to start squatting in an overhead position, fantastic exercise. Then getting into a single leg, dumbbell squat to overhead press, just to get that total body aspect because it's a great combination, superset. And then just some basic exercise, strength exercise, bench press, suspension, just to work on because we're working on strength. This person wants to put a little bit more force through the system. They want to increase their strength. And in this particular phase we're doing that. We have a deadlift. So now we're doing some more deadlift with a snatch grip. And we also have that parted with a straight leg deadlift or a Romanian deadlift. And then we have the kettlebell. So we're just trying to strengthen the areas of the body that are going to need to be strengthened. That will help the person in their Olympic lifting. The press is a kettlebell warm arm push press. So we're just getting a little bit of dip and then ball combo one again. Okay, great. So let me ask you a couple of questions or I want you to clarify something. Can you explain the difference again? We've talked about this in multiple webinars and even a little bit earlier. But tell us the difference again between the clean grip and the snatch grip. So clean grip is going to be about just thinking if you put your thumbs on the other side. That's about the width that you're going to have with a clean. And a snatch grip is going to be wide enough to work. If you had the bar and you were holding the bar as the hands will be as wide and take a loud bar to sit right in the crease of the hip. So if you were to bend forward, that's where the bar would be or if you were to lift your legs up. It would sit in that crease without being pushed and moved around. So snatch grip usually wide relative to the crease of your hip. Loss the bar is there and the snatch grip is closer just outside by way. Okay. And my final question this may come up later. When we do that bio mechanical match superset, you have the single leg RDL there. We do in that same side or a contract lateral as the next side. That's a great question. That depends on the person obviously. Sure. I always like doing the lateral side. Okay. I'm just having added hip influence, but that's going to depend upon the particular person. And or sometimes if you're holding a kettlebell, you may use both hands to go down. So just to show who they are, what a limit you're going to use and what their capable doing. Okay. That is thank you for that. Kyle, do you have anything to add to this template? So real quick on just talking about it over at press use that doesn't progress. So you can start off if you're doing you know same side, hips a lot of aerosoling leg deadlift to single leg press of your first progression may be to go to contract lateral because just like Rodney said, that's going to load the hip a bit more. So your same side's less loader on the hip may actually assist the motion and then on the other side there it'll be a bit more challenging. The only thing I want to touch on here is whenever we look at activation, the cool and balance and this is going to be more for our our our our try to do in ASM group that are going to look at that and think we're in the strength level yet here we're talking about core and we're not doing an exercise that encourages full range motion that you center can concentrate dynamic control the way the text looks as for the spine. One of the things to understand here is a whenever we look at a barbell deadlift, any variation of a deadlift that's going to work the glute to which is technically a core muscle but be we're using that or you could use that to sort of serve this role of helping to stiffen the spine or help to activate those core stabilizers. So then whenever you move down to the more progressive parts those more challenging parts of the of the template your your core is fired up and ready to go so we can think of that. Those some of the score movements there is a core activation type of movement which is very much necessary for the rest of this program. Or an advantage as I should say for the rest of this program. All right. Thank you. Thank you for that and let's move on. We're really backing up to the to the hour. So let's go to that level three down to a slide. I think that's 13. There we go. Okay. James been with us a few months. She wants to become a machine. She needs she wants to hyper alloy endoscelatin covered with human skin. She's driven by micro processor talk about what we're doing in an activation now of Rodney activation and skill development please. We're just we're going to be increasing the load and you can increase the speed of the motion as well in this particular one just to get them used to what they're basically again. We're going to use the activation as a sequence to get the the skill development going which is going to be much more specific to the Olympic list. So we can do a Paul press and you can also instead of just going straight out the pinnick of a table or if it's a mini band if you're going to go out you can also go up overhead. So you can have that just to get that particular warmed up we're going to go right into barbell deadless just to get the deadlift and the pulling aspect going and then we're going to have some overhead squat. So you'll see if you look at the progression a lot of the exercises that were used in the resistance to start to migrate up into the warm up because the person's progressing in their capabilities and so some of the things that will start seeing that we were using an overhead squat as one of the exercises and now we're actually using it as one of the core exercises because it has the core exercise and it also is great for the strength and the shoulder group as well and then we're going to get right into doing some snatch balance. Now snatch balance is is a pretty skilled exercise so you're actually holding bar you go to the next actually the next picture of the show. The snatch balance is where you how you start with the bar in a squat position, wide grip because it's snatch. You're going to dip down the number two slide you're going to dip it in knees just give you a little dip and then you're going to drive it up so you actually can see here, Lawrence feet are off the ground, you're going to drive it up as you drive it up the bar is going up and you land and you catch it there. So it's a skilled activity, great kind of nervous system activation component involved in there but that's part of a skill that you're going to need so we can go back to 13 now if you want great. And then from there we're going to go into the drive shrub high pool from the floor this time. So this is why we did dead lifts in the core because we're going to start pulling from the floor for our drive shrub. So let's start into the knee or the hip now we're going to bring the more from the floor and go right into that drive shrub. So we're actually going to go from floor straight up and then we'll do the same thing with the high pool. So we were doing the dowel rod in the beginning from the hip drive shrub high pool and now we're doing a barbell from the floor. So we're starting to get much more load and much more sequencing of motion and so that's why the activation looks the way that it does versus potentially what you would normally do. And it's not that you couldn't take medicine ball exercises and do that but this is to get a little bit more specific to what you're doing. Could you do a medicine ball from the floor and do like an overhead throw or something? Yeah, you absolutely could do something like that as well. So we're just trying to be a little bit more specific to what we're doing here. And then we just finished the skill development with power snatch which is going to be from the knee. So now we're going to boom all the way up into the snatch and the power clean going right into the power clean from the knee position. Yes. And you brought up a good point and I want Kyle to talk about this as well. That activation component can what you're really trying to do specifically in this case and you mentioned it Rodney is you're trying to get the movement patterns, get your nervous system to key in on the movement patterns that you're going to use for the more complex lifts. So as a marsh working with martial artists and boxers while you can't really mimic what's happening exactly in a punch you can mimic that rotational pattern driving off of the driving off of the foot, get in a little rotation through the trunk. So Kyle, can you explain why we're talking about activation in this way, pull at the power level. We're not talking about fast explosive movements, but now we're using different we have some anti rotation movements here. We're using dead lifts. Yes. Watch on. Well, touch on it a little bit and then Rodney may be able to correct what I said wrong. But one of the things to think about here again if we look at this in terms of that corrected or blending that correct event, we're still going to try to activate. However, if we look at the in Ronney touched on it to the traditional model word, look at rate of force production through the core of some of those explosive movements, what I would encourage people to look down into that resistance training. We're going to start to do a barbell squat, dumbbell shoulder press and these are in the power level. These are going to be a higher intensity. So we have to remember we're super setting that max strength and power. So barbell squat, that's going to be 85 to 100% estimated one right max or loading the spine there. So it would really be who of us up on this activation to get again some of that activation. So that's stiffening up the spine, exciting those muscles, getting them ready to provide that stability in that support that they're going to need once we get down there into resistance training. So that would be a key reason to look at that anti rotation and something like a deadlift where you're going to be activating those muscles with whether you're using drawing in or you're using or a combination of both. So you're activating those muscles there and then whenever we work down they'll be primed and ready to fire whenever they're underloat. Okay. That's what a perfectly said tile, you're you're you're smaller. The only thing I'd add to that is there's what we did is we wanted to put, wanted to put a corrective exercise and an Olympic lifting twist into a program that you have already accustomed to seeing in the days five in the power training days. So we have a lot of medicine ball throws and things in that. We didn't necessarily want to put them in the activation because you don't want to have that up there and then do it again down there for all these reasons. So think of the activation in skills skill development is kind of like one block of your training session and the resistance training is a second one. In the activation skill development we're preparing the body and really trying to focus in and doing some some some Olympic lifting. We want to get that involved in, get the body, I committed that, get it used to doing that. Now we're starting to do some power cleans and power snatches you're going to do up to five repetitions and so you're going to be using some weight that you can get five times and we want that explosive. So that mostly says explosive not fast. So that's part of explosive and then they're going to rest and now you're going to get right into your normal phase five training which is the super set of a strength and power exercise. So that's going to have more motion that's involved in it and slightly different motions that's all. So something kind of that is already known and you guys most of you have seen before part of it with something you don't know and we also want to just show that there's there's variance in what you can do still within the parameters of what we're trying to accomplish in this phase of training. Remember, ultimately we're trying to get someone to do some Olympic lifting and the power clean and the power snatch are explosive lifts when they're done properly and you've learned how to do them. It's time to be explosive with them and that's part of what we're doing in this power training phase. I noticed the volume is it maximally high, we're only doing four total sets of that Olympic lift which matches the four sets that we're doing in the rest of the training. But we have to prepare the body in order to get those done and to get them done with proper technique and proper velocity. Yes, that is great. And then for those of you who want to graduate, there is another level where you can devote that you can devote specifically to a weightlifting or have your program focused around that in the PES content. It's not for the purposes of that webinar, but there's another level that you can take this for your clients. And I think now after going through level three, Jane Doe here is sufficiently strong and with that that brings us to the end of our webinar and we're closing. We have a few business items to take care of. First of all, I want to ask any of you if you have any questions. These are very smart gentlemen and while we have them online, we want to make sure that we get some, we want to get answers from them. I think they have answers for you. And while we're waiting for that, you can say 35% on the new CES course. You can use the code for this webinar, webinar 22. And that is a phone-only code and you can redeem that by calling 8887731827. That's 888773187 and that code is webinar 22. You can also save 15% on a Lego apparel and equipment and you can use the code Capital NASM Lowercase web, WEB15 and to redeem that, you can go to strengthware.us. We do have a winner for the free CES course. And this is our winner is Andrea Andrea Rackamelli. I will take your information. Yes, congratulations. You are going to, I think you're going to enjoy the CES course and I hope you're able to take that and start to really use that for training your training your community. And as we're closing, Rodney, what do you want to give our listeners as takeaways? Give us takeaways. I understand the flow, flow of the assessment process. I understand that the purpose behind it, the more you know the better it works for you or the more that you can do with that I should say. It'll work regardless of what you know. And don't be afraid to incorporate some of the Olympic lists. That's one of the reasons why you're on here. In a slow progressive third, there isn't really a right in wrong. You can put them in a variety of different places and put the derivatives in a variety of places. It just makes sure that you've matched it to the ability of wherever you're working with, whether it yourself or someone else. And to the purpose of the phase of training, remember the viewing view of the OQT model is that the phases of training, map two specific adaptations that are necessary for the body to go through and order to achieve optimal performance. And if you can match your exercise and if you've variables to that, then you just increase the ability of it to work for you. And other than that, thank you so much for being part of this in these last three sessions. Yes, thank you. Thank you. I've learned a lot and spending time with both of you gentlemen in between these webinars has been education. I've had to go back and crack a few books so that so that I could keep up even a little bit during our webinars. Before we get to U-Kyle, we have a couple of questions. And this one, we'll let you take this one first Rodney. This is from Nicola. And what she wants to know is, with an experience lifter, do you start from level one or can you go to level two or three? Well, actually this will be for both of you, but let's start with you Rodney. Yeah, more than likely you can start in a higher level depending on what they're used to doing, what type of how much volume a training they're used to, they're training history, all of those different components. So if end opinion on where they're at and what they want to accomplish with that particular time, that will tell you what phase you want to start. And so it's easier to start in a level two or even four or five depending on where they're at phases, phase wise. So that would be what you what may change in that is the corrective component that we would add relative to that person depending on what they've shown us through the assessment process that we've done. So where are they currently? What have they been doing? And then what's the assessment show you? And that will let you know where you can start. And then what would you need to address from a corrective exercise standpoint to get them to that level? Yeah, and before I give that over hand that over to you, Kyle, I want to highlight that. Yeah, it really depends. It does depend on what that assessment shows you. If there are assessments pretty clean, you can you can start them at a higher at a slightly higher, at a slightly higher level because you also want to respect the fact that if they've had a lay off, if this is something new, you want to give their nervous system and their tissues time to adapt to the stress of the training as well. So I wouldn't take anyone off the street regardless of their experience and get them right into a phase five training. But yeah, you let your assessment drive, let your assessment and your clients ability drive where they start in their training. And Dr. Stoll, what do you say about that? I agree, it's we present the model in the text in a linear fashion, but it doesn't have to be followed literally linearly, the undulating periodization. You can move some stuff around. You can do this. You can do that. But back to what you guys said, it depends on their experience in their abilities. Whatever we say, whatever you say, their assessment is relatively clean. Well, we have to remember those stages of the assessment. That means they had pretty good static posture. They had nice control of the overhead squat. They could execute the single-lick squat or the split-leg squat. We put them under load and they still did relatively well under load. Or we took them to that dynamic assessment. They check all those boxes and let's say they're like you said, print us in there. Maybe they've been off for a little bit and they're just not getting back. If we start them at phase two, we're also getting those phase one adaptations. Because we're super-sitting, at least down in the other part, we're super-sitting some strength with some stabilization. So it's not like we're just neglecting stabilization in endurance. We're still getting those adaptations, but let that assessment in their experience. Guide your programming. That's what it's there for. Okay, and we'll give the next question to you, Kyle, and let you close us out. Kelly wants to know, what's the tempo? What's the tempo for strength endurance? Super-sets. The tempo for strength endurance, super-sets. So I would start off with the first one moving at a medium to moderate pace. So your strength exercise is typically going to be, if believe the text we provide some ranges, but usually two zero two. So two second E-centric, no pause, and the ice metric, two second concentric. However, don't necessarily have to count it out. We just want a medium inconsistent tempo moving through that. Whenever we look at strength, that's what we're trying to do is move and control load so we keep a consistent movement through there. Whenever you super-sut that, we want to go back to the stabilization tempo. Again, it doesn't have to be exactly four, two, one, but slow it down. Really try to slow down that E-centric in that stabilization at a bit of an ice metric, and then we can do whatever on the concentric. So think of a medium tempo through that first-born consistent movement, and that super-set lets slow it down and really try to work on that E-centric control primarily, but just control in general. Okay, thank you for that. And Kyle, what's your takeaway for everyone today? Take away back to the assessment. So like we've already talked about, use the assessments. The assessments are designed to make programs or to make your programming effective and efficient. So that means if you follow that flow like we've been talking about, it should not take you that long. You could, if you're brand new and you don't know, you don't necessarily know what to do, just follow what's in the text, follow step one, step two, step three, and I promise you're going to have enough information to design a safe and effective program. If you have more experience, you dig a little bit deeper, try to figure out a little bit more about what's going on with a joint mechanics or whatever. So it really just depends on your level, but stick to that logical sequence and logical flow. It's going to be advantageous for everyone. The other part is understanding the variability in how dynamic the OPPT model is. We don't tell you what to do, we just tell you how to do it. So it depends on your experience, depends on your education, the tools you have in your bucket, you can put them in there. There's a spot for anything in the model. You just have to figure out where to put it and how to execute. So that would be my two big takeaways from promise. Well, thank both, thank you for that. Those explanations, Kyle, and thank both of you for doing Rewebinar as I said before. It's been a really fun learning experience, and I hope that everyone out there listening has as much fun as I did. And I want to thank all of you who've been with us through all three of these webinars. And I hope that you, you got something, at least one thing that you can take back and start practicing today. Thank you all, and we will see you next time.