Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and why this is Prentice and I'm here again with some familiar faces, Wendy bats and Marty Miller. How are you all doing today? Great. Thank you. All right. So today we are going to talk about, we're going to talk about the CPT but specifically the power phase and why this is, why this phase is important for every athlete every athlete you have. At some point in their lives when we're, when we're taking them through the OBT model in your daily lives, you're going to have opportunities to express your strength and power. And it's not all the times tied to an athletic endeavor. So I will let these two experts take it away So first of all, Marty, can you talk about the power phase and why I alluded to it a couple of seconds ago, but why is power important for everybody from your kids all the way up to your grandparents? Sure. The way I say it, and this is my definition, but I say everyone's an athlete. And the reason I say that is I've had the privilege of working with the lead athletes and I've had the privilege of working with everyday fitness enthusiasts and I really don't train them any differently. What I mean by that is everyone has the same human capacities. It's what's their ability within those capacities. So just because someone is competitive doesn't mean that they train in different capacities than somebody's mom or my teenage boys or anything like that, it's just someone's ability. They never be near somebody else's ability within a capacity, but doesn't mean we ignore the capacity. And I think that happens a lot with strength training and power training for non-athletes on the reverse. I think some people forget how important stability and balance is for our competitive athletes. So that's why the OPPT models such a beautiful continuum because it's for everybody. As you learn it, you'll figure out where they fit within each phase and what they're capable of, but we want everyone to go through some level of training through all the phases, especially if we're going to start in the stabilization, but we want everyone to go through some level of strength and power. And the reason it's important is for athletes it's clear and obvious, right? They all want the bigger. You know, Wendy and I always say we're going to give you the better breaks first and the better suspension before we give it the bigger engine. But a lot of my fitness enthusiasts just want general fitness. They think that they can avoid that because they don't understand the need. Well, the need coming to a lot of different ways is if I can get you to move more load after I make you move efficiently, you're going to burn more calories. You might increase your bone density. Whatever that goal you may have on the flip side, if I can eventually get you to move a little more quick and develop power, you're going to again get fitter. You're going to burn more calories. You're going to be able to challenge your heart rate system differently. And then there's a carryover to everyday life. You know, we step off a curb and you have to quickly grab your balance. You don't have time to think about it. So there's, you know, there's the performance side from what I want to do in a gym or in a competitive realm whether it's tennis or golf. And then there's the real life power development or strength when I have to face some new activity that maybe wasn't planned accordingly. You know, especially with power re- you know, catch my balance and react quicker than I may have thought. So it's important for everybody. And I want to go back to you, you said something very important. And I want to make sure that if you learn if anyone out there listening learns nothing else that they get this point. And you said that everybody, you train everybody like an athlete and that's something that I've always done in my career. But sometimes people are afraid of taking up that that moniker because they feel that that being an athlete looks sort of like a rocky, rocky training montage. And I know you're a martial arts fan. You may have seen those movies in the 80s and 90s like the the John Claude, no retreat, no surrender training montage. So can you explain what exactly it is to be an athlete? Go back to that and just expand on that a little more. Sure. Well, when we're when I'm training my people who don't consider themselves an athlete and will we'll talk about maybe how they can develop themselves to more that athlete mindset. This goes back to one of my clients. I remember the minute that I actually used that term for the first time that I can recall. I was just getting done with professional baseball where I was training and he said, buddy, how do you train us differently now that you're here in a private club? Then when you train your lead athletes and I was like, my don't. And I think he thought I was being nice at first because it's a private club. He's the member they own the club. And he goes no no seriously. I said, Jay, there's no difference. You have the same bones, same muscles moving the same planes of motion. You need stability. You need strength. You need power. I'm not going to train you differently in my approach. Your ability is going to be different. Just like my abilities compared to the lead athletes. I'm not going to produce as much power as an amygomers as much strength as the world class athletes. But that doesn't mean I don't use the same training principles within what makes sense for me. When you've been talking about this since we started these webinars, it's all going to be in a relative sense, right? So not everyone needs to do plyometrics. Not everyone needs to do max strength training. But that doesn't mean there aren't bits and pieces of each one of those phases that are moving them through a logical progression that they're ready to go to the next step and you use your tools accordingly, right? Like maybe someone never leaves the ground, but maybe they do speed squats. Maybe some, you know, there's agility works, speed agility, quickness drills they can do. And then what you'll find though is as they start to feel comfortable because they had like what you're saying in front of. They had their mindset going, oh my god, I've watched these, you know, fitness competitions and I've watched world class athletes train at scares me, realize that they are an athlete and that they do need to improve. And I've explained to them the why, right? Because we always want people to be have ownership and what they're doing. All of the sudden you'd be stunned. How all of a sudden now they want to experience a little more. It's going to be safe, of course. But you know, I've done workouts in like Francisco said, I might not put in the boxing that day. And they're like, we're not boxing today. Because now they've enjoyed that new activity. And they, they feel proud about it. And they get a different fitness experience than maybe would have used to in other more traditional workouts. So it all it does, it comes down through know the model, know your progressions, know when it's time to progress and know what your good at teaching, right? If you're not good at teaching field duty quick, you don't put that in yet. If you're not somebody that knows how to teach striking, you know, you maybe don't add that. And we all have our tools that we're better at. It's just knowing how to develop your own toolbox. So you can train more athletes, whether they're professional or recreational. Yeah, I'm going to ask you the same, the same question, Wendy. But before I do that, and I just want people to understand that that an art producer in the background there could probably a test of this, that there are even in the NBA, some, some athletes, professional athlete to have trouble jumping over a piece of paper. But they are incredibly highly skilled at that sport. And I think that's what the one of the biggest differences is between the, between the the run of the mill general population athlete and the professional athlete. And I want to kick this to you Wendy, how do you make that connection with your clients that they are in fact athletes? Well, I mean, you know, again, when you tell someone that they're an athlete, their inner kid comes out, so they get super excited when you say that, you know, and then if they say, oh, I'm far from an athlete, I'm like, well, are you really, you know, so, so let's just try some of these, you know, exercises and see what you think. Let's see how you do because again, I wouldn't put them in phase five if there was any chance of injury. Obviously, they had progressed to that and they're ready for those types of exercises. And the superset that we would put them in through the on the resistant side. So, you know, if they don't like that term, you know, let's say you have someone that's like, oh, I don't like sports and whatever, I may not call them an athlete because that might not be there. That might not be something too exciting, but I tell everyone that they need to train for the speed of life. And so basically, you know, that, you know, even though they are, they, they should have an inner athlete. I mean, I want to make sure that they can safely cross the street fast if it's turning yellow or if they want to start going outside and playing with their kids and, and, and, you know, just doing fun things, you know, phase five is it's so fun. It is, it's, it's a good workout. You burn a ton of calories, but, you know, if you were having a stressful day, going and doing med ball slams, how fantastic is that. So, there's a lot of carryover that I think, you know, as a trainer, however you approach it, you know, you just have to kind of feel them out first. And that's why the building the report away in the beginning is so important because then you kind of know how to speak to the different phases that you're taking them through. So, so, again, you know, as Marty said, even if it's someone that's never, you know, done sports because they're not coordinated or they've never had the experience of doing fun things, you know, you're introducing them to, you know, to different types of exercises that they may really, really enjoy and then they're going to always want to come back to it. I'll stand and thank you both for indulging me on that little, uh, detour, but let's get back into it. So, now, we're, we're going to talk about flexibility in phase five training. And Marty, what are we, what are we doing in phase five flexibility training? Well, building off the progression we've made the other two phases. Now what we're going to do is we know that the workout's going to be more intense from a central nervous system standpoint. So, we're still going to, of course, do our foam rolling, get the tissue prepared. We've gone over a lot of the scientific benefits that. But then we go into dynamic stretching. And again, think of it on a progression. Dynamic, you know, does it mean my first set of stretches have to be at the fast speed that I can do, let's say whatever that dynamic stretch is like prisoner squats, right? So, again, that can still be on a continuum. But the goal is now we foam roll, get the muscles prepared, and now we start to move more like we're going to, as Wendy said, the speed of real life or the or the workload that we're going to do and, you know, the intensity that we're doing in the body, the exercise program. So, you know, I've had this a lot when I teach live workshops and people are like, oh, it's too fast right away. I'm like, well, what's wrong with two to three sets of prisoner squats? And first one is give me 40%. Second set, give me 60%. Third set, give me 80%. And you're still building through that continuum and you're really honing in on those movement patterns. And it's as fast as you can control. It's not as fast as you can go. So, going back to that athlete, I promise you, if you put me an actual world class athlete, their dynamic is going to be much faster than mine. But that is still dynamic for me. And three weeks later, my dynamic stretching and whatever I'm doing should look more dynamic did three weeks previously. So, it's always going to be on a continuum of what's appropriate for that individual, any of the things we put them in or within that phase. Okay, and can you talk to me, I want to get back to a few days before I do, let's talk about the variables. What are the variables? What's going on in flexibility training at in phase five? The variables from the formula. Yeah. Formal length stays the same. So, the beautiful thing about it is all three phases. You're going to form all the same way. You're going to, depending on how much time you have, you're going to search through the body of the muscles that you're definitely going to hit in the workout. We've talked about whether you want to do an upper body lower body split or total body. But techniques stay the same. With the dynamic now, what we're looking to do is start to increase the ability for the central nervous system to control those motions, those movement patterns. So, what we're doing is let's say, let's do a push-up with rotation, for example, that's a great dynamic warm-up. So, we're going through it an even tempo. It's not fast and explosive yet to where you can't hold your form in technique, but it's more of a repetitive motion to where you're moving at a consistent speed. But the key thing is when does I'll tell you is your five kinetic chain check points better be in. If all of a sudden we're starting to do this push-up with rotation and we see their head dropping or their low back arching. We're going to have to cue that out or go back to a regression. Maybe they just do more of a speed push-up, right? So, we still have to keep our five kinetic chain check points in, but the tempo is going to be more quickly, but very deliberate to what they can control. And you usually stick between 10 or 12 repetitions per dynamic stretch. Okay, do you mind if I give you a scenario? Because I've had this question asked me, let's say you're working with someone in Wendy's laughing. Don't worry, I have one for you too Wendy. So, let's say you're working with one of your athletes in phase five. And for whatever reason, they had incomplete, maybe they had competition, incomplete recovery, whatever life stress, whatever those circumstances are, and they're coming in a little slow. Maybe they're not quite prepared to something dynamic right away. Do you still use more of, do you regret them? Doing some doing a little static active to get them warmed up or do you, how do you manage that? Yeah, we'll go through two scenarios. And a perfect world scenario, as we've talked on the last couple of webinars is the way we write the book is to make sure that you know exactly that phase, as you're going through things the first time. But when you see any one of the three of us use it, we'll add our own sprinkle to it. So, I generally will still do the phone rolling always. I think then a lot of times I'll do one or two static of muscles that just tend to still be somewhat tight on everybody, especially if I know they just drove 25 or 30 minutes, you know, and if they're wearing shoes all day or high heels, male, female, I'm probably going to do some static on the hip flexors and then static on the calves, etc. Then I go through active to let that, obviously I want to get the opposite muscle group now to fire so that way they can control that new range of motion and then I'll go into the dynamic. We write it in the book in a very clean, cut way so we can assess your knowledge on power, but that doesn't mean you can't use that continual. So, yes, I will do it that way, but another point to what question brought up is how do I adjust? So, I view my program design like Google Maps. You put in your starting point, you put in your endpoint and then everything else has filled in. Well, we've all been driving, using Google Maps, all of a sudden it says, hey, take a detour because something changed. Well, that goes to our program design too. If somebody comes in and they're jet lagged or they didn't sleep that night or they missed a couple of meals, I may not even put them to that power workout, right? I may have to regret. So, what you're telling me is part of the process where I'll say, okay, maybe they need a little more in the warm-up. They might need more time to mentally get prepared to focus on their form techniques so I'm going to go back and get them through the static to active, but if I'm still seeing things go all right, I might go right back and change the phase of training. I'm in that day too. So, just because it says power on the clipboard doesn't mean that I stick to that because life happens and just like, you know, when I'm doing any other phase, if they're having a great day, I might give them an extra repertoire. So, I'm always willing to adjust by what I'm seeing, which is still another form of assessment. Yeah, exactly. And that is that is a very important point for everyone who's listening from CES through phases one through five and even into some of the piece of training protocols. You're still not saying you're still listening to me saying, going and just as Marty's saying, the training that you have in the notebook may not be the training they need to work that day. So, you have to be prepared to reroute. Especially with her face, say that, if somebody's doing what they're just not just stable, it's like I can keep it safe. But if you can tell that they're not there on a power day or a max strength day, those aren't the days to just push through necessarily because you have a higher chance of something going wrong, you know, and that's where our job is to keep them healthy. So, I'm always willing to adjust at any point in time. Yeah, and definitely when training becomes more of the art than the science. So, now Wendy, you've been sitting there, you've been sitting there, you've been nodding in it. So, I'm not really ignoring you at all. But let's talk about what's happening with core balance and bio during your space. So, we're taking the core and lower extremity stability and the reactive strength that we've developed in phases one through four. And now we're using that as a foundation to work on rapidly controlling forces, essentially, and then rapidly producing force, concentricly through the core during the sin during the single leg activities that we're doing. So, when we think about core, core work would be doing many of the same movements that you just did in the strength, but you're doing them faster. So, for example, instead of doing a cable chop, and now it'd be doing maybe something like a wood chop throw with a med ball. When we think about balance, balance working phase five is typically going to involve hopping exercises or similar, you know, with, but this time you're hopping and then holding that to work on eccentric force reduction, and then the isometric control at a faster speed while on a single leg. So, for example, a multi-planar hop to a stabilization hold or traveling hops to a stabilization hold. And this is also, you know, when you're actually learning the model where people get kind of confused, because in balance, when you're looking at it, it says hop to a stabilization hold. So, when people hear the word stabilization, they automatically go to the, the plyo part of the stable is holding one. So, one thing to think about is, again, if you're new to this, and balance and phase one, there's no movement of the stance leg, then we add eccentric and eccentric motion of the stance legs, so something like a single leg squat. And then now we're still on one leg and we're adding the hop, and it's an explosive hop, and then do you own it? So, that's why that landing is so important. And so, plyo, when we're talking about plyos, the work in phase five is going to involve clients performing jumping, some out, now we're on two legs, but the jumping type movement with appropriate accepted drills done as quickly as they can control to really exploit this stretch shortening cycle, which is going to improve how they rapidly produce force later on. So, beginning of the core and the balance and the plyo exercises in this phase are similar to what you could do in the resistance training portion of your program. You can't omit these components in a session, however, I recommend and I think any of them does as well, doing some sort of core balance and plyo work as part of the movement prep sequence. And with that being said, they don't have to be power focused as Marty was saying, but instead they could be exercises that are more stable, like stabilization or strength focused to help prepare and get primed the body to what's going to happen later work out. So, that's kind of a short and skinny of the phase five of what they are. Yes, now can you talk to us just go back over and talk to us about the the variables for what's happening in core imbalance and I have a special question for you as well. Can you be prepared? Fantastic. So, when you're thinking about sets, it will be two to three sets. You're going to also see the rep ranges are going to be eight to 12 across the board. The tempo and core is going to be as fast as they can control. So, as fast as possible, but obviously looking at the form, the five-connected change-check points and making sure that they own the movement. You know, the rest is anywhere from zero to 60 seconds. And again, it's optional. However, I think we've kind of talked about the importance of preparing the body. Same thing with balance, it's going to be eight to 12 repetitions. You're going to be doing, you know, saying two to three sets. But this time remember when you're thinking about the landing, you're hopping and then holding that three to five seconds before repeat. And and also, you know, keep in mind, multi-planar hops are very, very important because of the different types of cutting and different types of those things you could be doing in the program. So, so we definitely want to, you know, incorporate those into your program. And the rest again is zero to 60 seconds. And then when you're thinking about the plyo component, it's the same thing. Two, three sets, eight to 12 reps. As fast as they can control. And then, you know, if you're going to have them rest, it would be zero to 60 as well. Okay. And here's my special question for you. You brought up two very important points. The concept of speed and the concept of control. And I'm sure you and I all three of us have seen in the gym. People doing plyo type exercises, plyo type. And they're just jumping incredibly long distances, lacking control on the landing, not having the ability to control, control their landing to set up for the next movement. Talk a little bit about control and how you monitor the range in which they're hopping. Oh, well, so, I mean, again, you know, I've connected change checkpoints is still something that we're following throughout all of the phases that they're in. So, if you see that, you know, somebody doesn't land like, so we always say in the very beginning, you know, to land on the reactive foot. And people think that that means just the ball of the foot. Well, actually, you know, it's behind the ball of the foot in front of the arch. So, if you were to take your tennis shoe and bend it, where it bends is basically where you want that client to land, to truly be able to land, absorb the force and the concentrically explode. And what we're trying to work on is we're trying to reduce what they call the amirization phase, which is the time spent on the ground. And so, if we can teach someone how to land and that they're landing appropriately, they're going to be more explosive when they take off for the next rep. So, if you see somebody that, you know, when they jump, they're landing mechanics aren't correct. They're starting to turn a foot out or something's not right. Then you want to decrease the distance that they're going, or maybe even have to regress it to something that you're doing in the frontal plane and they don't really understand that yet. You're going to have to take two steps back, reading their body on how to land appropriately, maybe work back in the sagittal plane until they can start to excel in the frontal and transverse planes. Because as you know, those are more difficult because people don't usually train in those planes. So, I don't know if the answer to your question, but that answers that answers it perfectly. And it's important for everyone listening to get the point of, we're talking about control, even though we're moving fast, we're moving within ranges and distances that we can control. You answer it perfectly. And because of that answer, I'm going to give you a question from one of our viewers. This is Hugo and it's this last name looks like Falcom, like it's a Portuguese name, Baltari. So, when he's asking, or his statement is, when you notice, one of those five kinetic chain checkpoints are failing in the dynamic warm-up. He's asking, what do you do in the next session or in the next week? Well, I mean, I think you want to take, like going back to what we said. So, you know, the purpose of dynamic warm-up is basically doing an exercise through the full available range of motion. I mean, that's the definition of what we're looking at when we're talking about dynamic flexibility or dynamic exercises for your warm-up. So, if somebody doesn't have, you know, the right range of motion or you see something, then it's okay to go back and stop that dynamic exercise, go maybe into some static stretches and then repeat it and see if it cleaned up at all. And if it, you know, because again, if I'm starting to see that client breakdown, I'm not going to want them to do the most explosive exercises right there because again, that can lead to injury. I mean, we're trying to put them in the best case scenario. So, you know, if you notice that they're not there, maybe kind of regress them, try to work on range of motion by statically stretching, then doing some active and safe it cleaned up. And then if not, maybe that, that workout needs to be regressed for the day. And then you go back into stabilization, try to refire some of those muscles that may not be working correctly in order to maximize and, and, you know, do the exercise successful. Because if they're not doing well in the dynamic, you know that that's going to transfer into the workout and it could, could actually lead to more issues and cause more harm than good. Okay, perfect. Now, Marty, back to you. So, now that we're getting into resistance training, now that we're getting into resistance training, can you go over the, uh, the loading parameters? Can you discuss the supersets again? I know we've touched on it in previous webinars, but talk about what's happening? Uh, nervous system with those supersets and talk about the acute variables. Yeah. So, once you get through the warm-up, it is when you discuss, when you get into the body, the resistance training, we're doing a superset. And there's a scientific rationale behind that. So, when you look at force production, you want to get as much strength going and as at the ice speed possible. So, when you break that down from a muscle fiber type is, we've got our muscle, our take two fiber types. Well, rarely in life, do we ever fire all of our muscle fibers? Yeah. And when now just for clarity sake, it's all learn on principle. If a muscle fiber fire is a fire is completely, but the percentage of muscle fibers that would fire in a movement pattern, generally, you're rarely ever going to be at 100%. Unless you pick up extremely heavy loads. So, as I go to pick up this can of club soda, very few muscle fibers are going to fire. Whatever do fire fire completely. So, what the goal is, mind the superset, is that first exercise, a traditional strength exercise is between that one to five, six repetitions to bring every muscle fiber to the party in a way. So, then when you go immediately, it's quick as possible to a movement pattern that mimics the strength exercise you just did. Now, when you move explosively, the majority of those muscle fibers are ready to help produce that power component where you're moving explosively. So, easy. We'll talk about chest. I do a heavy dumbbell or barbell chest press, one to five, six repetitions. And I should be fatiguing right at that five or six mark, right, or whatever. If I can do eight or ten or twelve, even if I stop at five or six, I'm not really getting that full excitation of the majority of my muscle fibers. Then I go grab a medicine ball and I would throw it against the rebound or a wall or to a partner is the explosives I can between eight to ten reps approximately. And it shouldn't be more than ten to 20% of your body weight. Because you really want to elicit explosive movement. Sometimes people you have a of an object for that power and now they're not getting the muscles to move explosively. So, that's what I we pair those together. So, it's the strength first to wake up all the muscle fibers possible, immediately filed by something fast and explosive at the same movement pattern. So, now you've trained a central nervous system to move explosively once you've got everything excited. Okay, now you've touched on explosiveness. So, if I'm in the gym and training my training my client, we've done a heavy set of squats. Then we start doing squat jumps and I've noticed the power, the speed of those jumps start to drop off. All of the kinetic chain checkpoints are still in alignment, but I'm noticing the speed drop off. What do I do? A couple of things. One, did you progress into the power phase two quickly? All right. So, they might have been okay the first set. Maybe they're just not ready for this phase of training yet. Two, how many sets have you done? Have you gone past? You know, maybe they're only ready for two sets right now. Maybe they're not ready for that third or fourth set, which is usually the cap because there's that work to rest ratio and there's also, you know, volume verse intensity. So, just because it's my first or second time in this phase doesn't mean I have to complete four sets. Maybe one or two is appropriate because I build into this phase. Or maybe I just put too much weight on the bar for the strength component. You know, maybe two repetitions was too much, which is gas to my knee to lighten up a little bit. Let them get five or six repetitions. Again, it's an assessment. I have to decide, you know, what's going on? Or did I pick a power exercise that's too challenging, right? Maybe instead of doing jump squats, I might just do speed squats, not let them leave the ground yet. So, all of these things again, it always goes back to the micro progressions and regressions that we all know. It's, I have to know seven different versions of each exercise in a sense, right? Because I don't want to take big steps back, I want to take just a small enough step back to find what's perfect or move forward just a micro progression and not go to an exercise that's way, you know, from A to Z. I want to be able to know all those little progressions in and out. So, I know that's not a very direct answer, but we use it on that continual move. I mean, that's how many reps is the volume getting too much? Is the intensity too much of them? Or did I just pick an exercise that's too challenging for that secondary exercise? And, is there something I can give them that now I get to see the speed that I'm looking for? That's ideal for that person. Thanks. You have thanks for that explanation, Marty. And then that just gets back. If I can summarize what you said, that's the art of that's the art of training. You're building a rapport with your client. You are a session. You should be a session. Your client in every session, not necessarily directly. And you have to understand the progression and the regressions that are going to give you the response that you're looking for. So that was perfect. And the way I always say the science of training is the easiest part to teach, because it doesn't change. Right? Once you know the science, that is that's what cookbook that's it just doesn't change. The art of training, taking in, you know, each person, your environment, what tools you have, what, you know, what's going on around in the gym around you, what the client likes doesn't like, you know, they're rest and are they doing their homework, communication style, that's the art of it. But we don't want to leave the science behind. No, they work together. They definitely work together. Now, want to go back to some commonly asked questions that we've gotten. And you touched on this. Both of you've touched on these already. So I'm going to ask you. I'm going to change our questions around a little bit and ask you something a little different. They're on your curve all windy. So we've already established that everyone should be doing phase five, phase five training at some level. It's not just we have to train for the speed of life. And so we know that that's important. How do you make the case to someone, someone who thinks they're going to get bulky, you know, someone who doesn't want to be, who doesn't want to be a meathead, meathead like me, I'm really big in my own mind. So they don't know one wants to be like me. But how do you make that case to get your clients excited about doing training like this? I mean, I think we need to keep in mind of things. So I mean, as we age, you know, or become less active and more deconditioned, we lose the ability to generate muscular power. So, however, you know, the ability to generate, you know, and also, eccentrically control forces, quickly is critical to be able to respond to the speed of life. So if you think about losing your balance and catching yourself before you fall or, you know, or, you know, this can compromise your joints if you're not careful. So yes, I mean, at some level, everyone should do phase five. And, you know, we want to keep in mind the relative abilities of the client at all times. So in phase five, we're training and conditioning the client to be able to move faster than they're used to moving in order to level up their ability to produce power. So for more advanced clients, you might be using weighted med balls for the power exercise, whereas less capable clients, you may use none or very light weighted balls. You know, so another aspect of phase five that most of our clients appreciate is that it's fun. And so being able to throw and slam stuff around and, you know, and get after it a little bit can be just what they want, you know, or need to blow off stress and steam, especially those last few weeks. So so I don't think that, you know, my clients come in and think that I'm going to try to like blow them up to be as big as possible. But, you know, we're going to say today, we're going to, you know, we're going to throw some stuff around. It's going to be a super hard day, but you're going to have a really good time. I think again, it comes back to the art of training and your approach to these type of programs, because the outcome is what everybody needs. They have to be able to move faster as certain parts of their life and you train, you know, you get what you train for. So we always want to keep that in mind that if you never train fast, you're never going to be able to move fast or just quickly in different certain situations without maybe increasing chances of injury. Thank you for that. Thank you for that explanation. And I want to add a little bit a little bit onto that for the trainers out there and everything that Wendy said was brilliant, but for trainers, that goes back to the art that Marty was talking about. And you have to have a little negotiation skill. You have to be able to sell the story of why this is important. I still train with seniors, train with seniors once in a while. And just as an idea, we talked about doing this phase five training, but they automatically have visions in their head of guys from Iceland with all continents in their names. And they were going to be lifting those sorts of crazy loans. But once once I got my my guy have to understand that no, your five rep is just a push-up on the floor. That's what you can handle. And you're going to throw a five pound med ball at me. That's it. That's all it is. And then once we had that connection and we managed those expectations, as like what was that all? I can't. That's all. That's all it is. It's relative to you. Not relative to the 468, 400 pound guy. So there's something in what I want everyone to get out of this is there's something in it for everyone. You just have to know how to sell that and tell a story. Tell a non-fictional story to your mind to get them to buy into it. Marty, this next question is for you. Now you work with you, work with athletes in the past, but I know you have as well Wendy. Work with the martial artist guy, wrestler, boxer, who's in a weight class. And it says we need to do one to five repetitions in phase five. You can't build size. You don't want to I'm doing my airports there. Lift yourself into the next weight class. How do you explain how do you get them to do phase five first of all and how do you explain that to them? Absolutely. It's a great question. So a couple of different points. First we're going to go by science, not gym science. So if one to five reps was the way to get bigger, that's what we would have in high-perchemy training. Science doesn't show that one to five reps is the best way to get bigger. Not saying that there's some people can just lift any type of weight and they just have unbelievable genetics. Okay, that there are those type of people. But one to five reps is the way to get stronger. That's why we have it as a max strength. High-perchemy is that H12 was shorter rest intervals and you get the cellular change. Also, let's remember when you're looking at high-perchemy, you have to have a very focused nutrition program. You have to be at a core positive at least 500 calories. Sometimes they'll back off their cardio. If you're doing mixed martial arts, you know, the front is both done. It's you know, to an added amateur, not a professional level, anything like that. But with the volume that they're doing from just their pure time in the dojo and the training center, they are burning so many calories that they'll be lucky to maintain their weight. Again, the one to five is perfect because your apprentice, I know you know a lot of your jutsu, I've experimented with it. When you got somebody holding you down, you better have the ability to exert some force or if you're trying to take somebody down, hold them down. So max strength and or the power phase where you do it with the superset is absolutely spot on for a part of training for combat athletes and you're not going to, and plus with all the cardio that they do, we know when I was in high school and I wrestled, we had more distance than the cross country team. So when you factor all that in, you know, there's it's going to be hard, not impossible, hard to gain weight. You just got a factor now. If you are one of those genetic freaks that as soon as you start lifting weight, you put on some muscle mass, watch your nutrition and just do the additional cardio. But by and large, it's not going to be the case or we'd have that formula in high virtue of being trained. Yeah. Yeah, and yeah, it'd be jacked now. But that's not the case. So I'm here to tell you that phase five is good for all of you, good for all of you regardless of your sport. And Wendy, this next one's for you and this gets into the flexibility of what we can use for our power exercise. And this question is, what are some alternatives to using a wall, a wall or a med ball? This person doesn't have a wall in their gym a safe for throwing and they want to be able to perform explosive exercises. So what are some options? Well, but when I think about the goal, so the goal intensity for power exercises is to start with body weight on the low exercises before adding load. So we don't have to worry about that. But if we're using a med ball like we're doing throws and passes, and you know, the recommended intensity is up to 10% of the body weight. So a lot of times people just immediately just go grab 10% of their body weight and start using that type of med ball. So remember it's up to, so start lighter. You know, but you know, we want people to be able to move quickly, you know, initially, so you can start to like 2 to 5% of the body weight is what I was suggest. If you don't have a wall, then do you have a partner? Because then, you know, as the trainer, if my client is in phase 5, it's my responsibility to be able to catch the ball and then pass it back to him as fast as possible. And that's why it's important to kind of go through these phases beforehand. So you see how quickly you have to be able to release the ball back. You know, if you don't have a wall that you can use, but you do have medists and balls, you know, you can do the med ball slams on the floor. You know, the body weight alternatives, so like the plyo pushups, you know, you can use the TRX straps or, you know, with the sled to do explosive type thing that, of course, the elastic resistance bands, you know, battle ropes, you know, so you've got to be creative in, you know, for your wheelhouse, uh, apprentice, I mean, speed strength exercises using things like a kettlebell. You could do certain things like that. So performing a kettlebell swing, right after you did the barbell deadlift, if you're working on hip thrusts or something like that. I mean, the thing is, you don't have to use a wall. I mean, if you have a cement wall and you can throw something back, obviously it's going to come back a lot faster, but, you know, as a trainer, it's very important to be ready when a client gets into that, into that particular phase, because you need to be the wall for them or you need to find out like another, you know, alternative, do they have a rebound or something like that. So, that's where creativity comes into play and see what you have and then what you can make work. Absolutely, and to your point, and this is a, you brought up the point, Wendy, the phase five is fun and then using creativity and one thing that I've done in the past is since we're, since we're always talking about chess, I definitely, I wrap my client hands, have them do something relatively heavy, and then we strike the pads for eight to ten rapid fire, rapid fire punches. Same thing, you don't need the wall just as long as you can catch punches in the midst. That's good. So, you, you have a ton of flexibility and you can also, and you can also work in some fun SAQ exercises that you normally wouldn't get your client to do, and it's all appropriate for phase five level of training to provide it that you stick to the acute variables and, and the speeds that are supposed to happen at each, for each exercise. So, Marty, next question for you, and for the person who asked this, this question is actually going to be answered tomorrow, or no, it won't be answered tomorrow. It'll be answered Monday in our webinar with Aleko, but our Olympic lifts are in phase five. It's a great question. So, definitely tune in. Rodney is a master at that. So, we have a whole other level of power training that we talk about, Max Power, and that's the PES. So, what I would say is, Olympic lifting is very technical. It is not the easiest thing to learn, nor is it the easiest thing to teach. Do not attempt to teach it or do it, just like anything else if you have not yet gone through it yourself, and or know the progressions and regressions. What I would encourage, though, is kettlebells are a great bridge to Olympic lifting. So, because you can do one arm swings, one arm snatches, and now you don't have the complexity of both arms going above their head. It's a little bit easier of what I would call an exit strategy if something goes bad. So, they're absolutely the time and place for Olympic lifting, but we do kind of put that a little more into our highest level of power, which is the PES. Now, I know there's a lot of people that do the sports competitions out there that include Olympic lifting. If I was, I'm just kind of giving, you know, I'm an athlete or trainer. My first job is to watch out for injuries and prevent injuries. Olympic lifting was designed with Olympic athletes, highly skilled, highly technical, athletes do things that aren't necessarily great for their body because they enjoy the sport. So, when you do Olympic liftings with the bar, there could be some compensations in your five kinetic chain checkpoints because of the nature of the sport. So, that's why we want it at the more elite level. They may not be for everybody. Also, when you look at Olympic lifting, it was not designed to be an endurance exercise. It was designed to be a one rep couple rep max thing. So, I see a lot of people now blending it into just high intensity workouts and people are doing 15, 20, 30 reps of these exercises. All I'm going to say is be careful because when fatigue sets in, form a technique goes and you need an exit strategy in case you get fatigue with something in a risky position. So, that's where when you see it in our model, it's in a very specific spot with progressions on proper human movement, proper teaching techniques, and then we're only doing it for the true amount of repetitions designed for Olympic lifting that one to five. You're not going to see us do it as an endurance type of exercise. So, I know that's kind of little off track of what you were asking, but you know, I know that comes up a lot in this high intensity realm. So, again, we have the model built the way of science. But I honestly like kettlebells a lot because I've been trained on them more. And to me, a little bit easier to teach and a little bit easier to modify because I can do the one arm burdens. But absolutely a place in time for it. No doubt about it. Yeah, it's definitely, it's definitely a skill that takes a lot of time and it's not something for, it's not necessarily something for every client, unless they absolutely enjoy it. But I'm going to take the opportunity now to do a shameless plug. It's will be on tomorrow at one p.m. Pacific. And we're going to go through a couple of case studies that show you how to use corrective exercise for your specific warm-up of in the context of Olympic weight lifting. And we're going to use some variations of derivatives of some of those Olympic lifts that you know and love for for the integration piece and our corrective exercise process. So, if you are around and available, take a look, take a look at that tomorrow at 1 p.m. And then again, on Monday, we're going to program Olympic weight lifting for all phases, all three levels of the OBT model. So, you want to listen to that. It's been fun creating that. And I think you all will enjoy it. So, and speaking of history, Wendy, this is going to give you a history question. So, once we talked about seven phases, seven phases previously, so this question is asking, why is there a phase six in PES and not CPT? But to go forward and understand where we are now, we have to go into a little bit of a history lesson. So, can we talk through the original seven phases without all of the acronyms? So, we think about the seven phases, which it originally was, again, we took out phase one of the seven and that is the corrective exercise specialist now. And again, I think we have emphasized the importance of the CES, and I know you don't want to call that, but the corrective exercise. We've talked about the importance of being able to utilize that in every one of the programs that we've done no matter what phase they're in. Because, again, even going back to what you were talking about with the Olympic lifting or anyone that did catch Rodney and Kyle's webinar that they did, the importance of being able to perform a good Olympic lift or even a high end athlete is full available range of motion to be able to produce whatever movement and outcome you want. So, because it was so complex and there was a lot of things to think about, they took that phase and took it out of the model of the seven phases and made it its own special like version because it is so important in order to get someone to move the way. So then, when you're looking at phases two through six, which is now the CpTs 1 through 5, these are the phases that we are using with most of the general population. So, as a fitness professional, when my clients come in, if I put them in phase one that we have it as today, which would then phase two in the seven, right? That is going to be a great starting point for someone that has moved before, but isn't still moving efficiently. And so that we can prepare them throughout the rest of the model. Now, when you were asking specifically about phase seven, which again, we've turned as the performance enhancement specialization. So, phase seven, I mean phase seven, or in this, if we look at just the PS, it's 1 through 6. We took that one off because Max powered training is more applicable for athletes or individuals looking to eat every last ounce of performance, potential out of their body, usually prior to some sort of competition. So, it's generally not very long phase either. So, what most individuals want to accomplish, phase five of what we have it as the CpT today is more adequate for developing functional power and more activities of daily living or the speed of life, that seems more appropriate for, you know, the general population, that's not a specific elite athlete. Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes perfect sense. And the way we, the way we're using it now, is important because sometimes we use trainers to think we may get stuck thinking in the box and we think of those seven phases as a starting point and a destination, or something like the CES, if you're using it to its full potential, you should be using at every, at in every phase of the model because all it is is creating the most specific unique warm-up that you can for that client in front of you. And so, one more question for you about phase six, Ramon Grampoff, in the Master's Track and Field Championships. So, you have in them doing some PES taking them out and having them doing some sled drags so that they can run the hundred. You know what, again, you know, doing explosive exercises fun at any in any age. You know, again, you know, people were saying if you have an elderly client or someone that's more senior population that they shouldn't be doing power exercises and that's not really the case. I mean, you know, in any of our programming that we do, let's even think about the essay Q-stuff. If you have, like, a 70 or 80-year-old person that has never done like the speed ladder, it's fun, you know, and it's, and again, it's moving as fast as they can control. So, no matter what level you're in, even if they're in the phase six, they could actually do like an explosive workout if you want. But remember what's explosive to me might be different than what's explosive to an 80-year-old and what's explosive to me could be less powerful than a 21-year-old. So, again, it's whatever you can control and as long as the end goal makes sense to their capability of move. And yeah, just as long as the end goal makes sense to their movement capabilities and their experience and they're able to recover from your training, go for it. Yeah. Go for it. Did I finish that sentence? You did. I didn't know I cut out. Sorry, but yeah, that's exactly where I was going. So, to end it up. Yeah, it's everyone's training for whatever it is that their end goal is to make sure it's done safely, effectively, and efficiently, and you should be golden. All right, great. And this last question is for you, Marty, and I think we've answered this, granted this a few different times over the course of this webinar, and it's surrounding, can you use a cable or a band, the explosive, the explosive portion of a workout, but we already know what that answer is, but what are some what are some creative exercises that you've used as that power part of the superset? You know, they should have trained me. Sure, again, it depends on the individual, right? So, it's all on that spectrum. So, you can use a band, the cable, if you want to think out to the cables, there has to be enough weight where the weight stack doesn't jump. So, I usually tend to go to bands, but just remember that if you're looking for true power at some point, you're supposed to not have to desalorate bands and suffer still better than not doing any, but there's going to be some level desaloration. So, again, it's, but it might be appropriate for that individual that might be all they're able to do. Creative ways, um, trying to think, I like using the pool. If you're going to come out of something that's not quite now again, I might do a whole power-based workout in the pool. You know, I'm not going from the gym into the pool and back into the pool. But I think that people, you know, can really maximize a pool workout. You know, and they have some really cool dumbbells out there now that I've seen, like that, you know, you can do your push as your presses rotations because you can really get explosive with it. And now you're in a non-weight-bearing position. So, even from a jumping standpoint, now there's a time where you still want to be able to land on the ground and take on any center-glowd. But don't forget about the pool is a, a, a bridge to for some people that maybe aren't ready to do anything, you know, where they're landing yet, but you still want them to develop speed. Or if you want to do some of those upper body things. So, get creative. Maybe you just do a whole session, like a power metabolic workout in the pool. Now, it's not following phase five, of course, with the superset. But, you know, when you touch on it, I do modify different levels of bodyweight exercises, the slams. I don't, I try not to be the wall that often from my clients day after day. Especially, you know, I've had the privilege to work as some elite athletes. We're 10% of the bodyweight is a 20 pound medicine ball flying at you quickly. So, you've got to be careful with your hands and things like that. But it's just, just like anything else, any other phase. If you're not doing it yourself, you're not going to learn it. And then you have to try to figure out how to master that phase for all type of client. Yeps out, outstanding. So, while we're, this is about all of the time we have for today. So, if any of you who are listening, we're still with us. If you have any questions, go ahead and send those in right now. And while we're waiting, Marty, do you have any parting words about what we talked about today and finish up with how people can find you? Absolutely. Just remember, everybody's an athlete, but it means you've got to get them to some level of phase five. And you might be surprised. Five might actually save someone from a serious injury. Imagine if somebody goes the fall and they don't have the ability to absorb power with their upper body. So, definitely don't ignore it. It's applicable for everybody. It's fun. It's when he said great from a cardiovascular standpoint. But you got to do it yourself first. You're your first client. And then to find me, my Instagram is Miller.Marty 72. And then my email for any SM is Marty. Miller at anySM.org. All right. Thanks, Marty. Thanks for hopping on. It's been a highly life cycle. And when be my friend, you have the last word. What are your takeaways? And how can we find you? And I think I'm going to back Marty on saying that you need to do it yourself first. Because I know the very first time I did it, I actually followed the book. And I grabbed 10% of my body weight, which I don't need to tell you what that is. And went to a wall after doing five repetitions and literally almost knocked myself out. Trying to catch the ball because it came flying back at me. And I could barely catch it. Just because I was spent. And again, you know, be creative, be smart in your programming. Maybe adjust the acute variables a little bit when you're first starting out or starting your clients out because it is very challenging. If you are doing, you know, like 85 to 100% of your one-ret max to start. So keep that in mind. And again, have fun with it. I love one of my favorite things I love doing. And Princess, I had you be my demo. As I love doing speed ladders on the hands, like in and out of boxes, as fast as they can, moving in different, you know, sagittal plane frontal plane, transverse plane, like have fun with it. Be creative. But again, watch the connecting checkpoints. Make sure that it's safe. And again, just creative. Be good. And then to find me, my Instagram is Wendy.Bats 13. My Twitter is Wendy Bats 13. And my email is Wendy.Bats at nasm.org. Okay, thank you. Wendy, thanks for hopping on today and sharing your knowledge with us. I thank both of you for this series. It's been very informative. And thank all of you who have stuck with us and are listening now. Have a great afternoon and be safe.