Welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast and our Facebook Live webcast. My name is Rick Richie and I am happy to be here with a repeat guest. This is somebody who I've known for a little while now and I've had the opportunity of working with them because of the new corrective exercise specialist program and we're putting together that program. We tapped some researchers on the shoulder that were highly qualified and had a lot of experience doing research and working corrective exercise and so Dr. Scott Cheatum is back with us today. Welcome Scott, good to see you, my man. Oh, Rick, thank you so much. Again, I'm honored to be in your presence, the podcast man. No, I love it. Thank you. Great to be here with all the NASM family listeners. Thanks for being here and let's hopefully we can share some good information. I think we got a good plan today. So here's the thing and this is what's funny is that when we start doing these things, we don't know what we're going to talk about. I just go, hey, Scott, I'll be another great guest. Let's get Scott back on. So we throw out a few things and we landed on a particular topic to discuss today and I done an Instagram story about it and I probably had well over a dozen people who did their countdown timer to remind them that this was going on right now. So I hope you're all showing up. I can give you a shout out a little bit. But thank you for participating. And what we talked about and what the people who have signed up for, they kind of know what's going on is it is really designed around the corrective exercise specialist, but specifically around a model that you have done research on called the Regional Interdependence model. So tell us a little bit about that and then you sent over some research articles, one which I read before which is the article that you have written. And then the other one I don't think you have written that you are a contributor to, but it was a good article and I read through and it kind of opened my eyes up to more than just like a biomechanical model, but it started adding in the biosyco social components along with it as well. So let me try to take everybody through a little story. That's on good. Okay. Yeah, I can't well, so like, well, you know, as we know too, you know, when it comes to like rehabilitation, it can be from any, you know, healthcare practitioner. Well, in the 80s and 90s, we were very diagnostic and joint specific. And I'm going to kind of take everyone through the story so we can see where we've evolved to this model and also how it applies to the new and updated corrective exercise specialist material. So, so kind of going back to the story. So using the 80s and 90s, you know, the the orthopedic surgeon or the doctor would diagnose and they would give us a specific joint. So we would focus on the primary area of impairment. And then that's all we would do. We would not consider regional or remote areas and how they affected that one area. So for example, if I was seeing somebody with a knee injury and the other day as we would just focus on the knee, we wouldn't look at the interdependence of how the knee pain affects the hip or if we had decreased mobility at the hip, how would that feed into the impairment at the knee, okay? Or, just to lay it through the ankles. So back in 2007, there was a group of really good scholarly physical therapists who came out with this regional independent model. And they published a paper saying, hey, look, you know, we're so monocular looking at the primary source of impairment. We have to consider remote regions above and below as we are examining and as we are treating clients or patients. And so this model took fire back in 2007. And the article is typically called, you know, by Wainer. Rob Wainer is a really good, amazing physical therapist researcher. And his group put this out in a cot fire because we a lot of us practicing physical therapists and even fitness professionals, we've always looked at the whole body, right? And any SM really promotes that through the observational analysis of the kinetic chain, right? Okay? And we looked at it with the kinetic checkpoints. So we've always done that, but in 2007, it packaged nicely for us. And so then it kind of brought the language back and it started bringing a whole body of research started putting everything together. So then ever since 2007, we've had a good 15 years of research that have been looking at treating these remote areas and how it fixed the primary impairment. Okay? So for example, like if the fifth pro notices that, you know, someone is having some poor mobility or an impairment at the hip, we would want them to look at the knee and the ankle and see what is occurring from there. So the model as we progress and stuff has an, has an ableist to look at the whole body as one kinetic chain. And I thought, I thought it was interesting because even in, even in rehabilitation today, of course if someone comes in with like an injury or they've had surgery, we initially have to focus on that primary area of pain, but then we're also treating the rest of the body. Does that make sense? Right? Okay? Yeah. So this model has grown a lot because we've had some really good research that has shown this neurophysiological interdependence among our whole kinetic chain. Like for example, there's been many, many good quality studies that have shown that, you know, if you have like a, like, a chronic ankle instability, like from ankle sprains and stuff, that actually causes hip abductor weakness. Okay? Um, another example is we found out that if someone has like a tennis elbow, okay? Really simple, you know, that, that lateral upper condolitis. If we treat the neck, we can, we can, um, we can eliminate a lot of the symptoms in the elbow. Okay? So we're seeing that we're seeing that there's a lot of research coming out mainly in like the rehabilitation literature that's showing okay, you know, you first have to address the side of pain. Of course, we have to take care of the primary. But then you got to start treating the joints above and below with either mobility, neuroreeducation, you know, kind of getting that whole mobility stability concept going throughout the kinetic chain. And then, and that. And so, so we took, so when we created, um, you know, kind of started mapping out the new and updated corrective exercise specials material, we felt that this model has as grown over the years, was a perfect fit into that whole model approach. So that's kind of a brief history on the regional literature, penance model. Um, so let's talk about that for a little bit. I want to, I want to shout out somebody who has one of my favorite names of a company, and it's Dr. Perry Nicholston, and the name of his company is called Stop Chasing Pain. And it was all about this kind of whack-a-mold process of, there's pain here, there's pain here, there's pain here. And we could potentially looking at satellite sites and we're not really creating assessments necessarily to find what's causing it. So kind of like if I'm firing a projectile and I keep shooting into your elbow, and all you do is try to clean up the elbow. Um, you know, you really need to stop whatever is creating that projectile firing into it. And leading to that pain, you're absolutely right for physical therapist, vitally important. They came to you to address the pain, but we don't know where that starts, right? I mean, do we have an idea? I think one of the questions I have is you talked about the ankles and there's a correlation between the ankle sprains and, um, decreased activation in our glute media. Is her hip ab doctor pain or hip ab doctor weakness. And we see that through multiple different studies. So for instance, the lateral epicantholitis and then there's a neck issue. What's the chicken in the egg situation here? Is it the weakness in the ab doctor that potentially led to the role of the ankle? Or was it the role of the ankle that led to, or does it matter because we know that one feeds the other? Well, and I think I think that's a great question. I think it's actually bold. I think, you know, there's been a lot of times we've seen with our running athletes that we work with. There's a lot of those kinetic chain over use issues, right? You know, so I think, so I think, so I think the process goes both ways. I mean, someone can have an acute injury, but then also someone can have this repetitive, you know, this repetitive over use injuries that we see with a lot of our athletes and a lot of our runners. So the million dollar question is, is trying to see which one caused which. And so, you know, usually it's on a individual basis that once you start working with the client and you start getting more data and the more you work with them, you start figuring things out, you typically figure out trends, you know, which one came first and stuff. But I would say probably in general, you know, just in a general focus, there's usually some some type of kinetic chain issue that affected a joint that was actually kind of like the weak link. Does that make sense? And so, yeah, so unless it's a specific mechanism of injury, it's really hard to say which came about because, you know, a lot of times when we're doing our closed-channel activity, multiple joints are core, our whole body's working at one time. So that's kind of, that would be kind of the next future step on trying to figure out. You know, was it the remote area that affected the primary region of pain or was it a combination of both? And I think it's a combination of both at this point, you know. Yeah. Well, let me go through, let me go through this story with you because this is when I first moved to New York City, which is where I became a personal trainer back in 2002. And I was going through a course. And this person who is educating for the course, and I don't even remember what it was, she was talking about a shoulder issue that she had. And then just kind of dismissively goes, yeah, but that probably came from an ankle issue that I had a few years back. And here I am in my mind, new to training, new to everything. And I'm thinking, this person is crazy. Everybody wants to connect something to something else. There is no way that a shoulder is because the person hurt their ankle. And so anyway, fast forward to kind of a deeper understanding of education and knowing the human movement system, you can kind of create links that make that make sense. But that's a pretty far link there between a left ankle injury or an issue and a right shoulder issue and creating that link. Is that something that is even possible to happen? Yeah, I mean, yes. And I think that we're starting to see that when the whole human movement system moves as one unit, like for example, one of the prior studies we did is we went out to Arizona and we tested the Arizona Diamondbacks and we looked at pitching velocity. Okay, a pitchers. So we looked at hip mobility and the lead in the training leg of pitchers. And we found out that basically just plainly talking hip tightness or decrease mobility, decrease pitching velocity. They threw less speed when they were stiff. So I think that that was one. Yeah, so that was one of the first studies where I really started looking and appreciating this regional interdependence concept. If you think about the throwing motion in the different seven phases and depends on the author, that is a full kinetic chain, full integration type of a movement pattern in a transverse plane. So you're talking one of the most challenging planes to throw a ball. And we found just one of the biggest, you know, the biggest bone the femur and the the Cox of femoral joint, the hip is the most mobile. If that stiff, that basically jacks up the kind of chain up above and below. You know, and if you got a pro pitcher who's a basically an entertainer, right? We're pan and you know, we got our Mondo beer and the stands watch in this guy pitcher. Yeah. It's gall, you know, right? You know, we're watching him pitch. You know, something as simple as a stiff hip. If it decreases their pitching velocity by as similar as five miles an hour, that could be their starting position if you think about it. Yeah. So so it was interesting when we looked at the pros and we looked at as simple as, you know, because I don't know about you, but man, everyone, especially during the COVID right now, like 99% of my patients are stiff. You know, I mean, I mean, we're sitting all the time and, you know, I mean, trust me, I'm the on the poster boy right now for upper cross syndrome because I'm always like this. And you know, it's a crazy thing, right? So so, but I think it's an interesting concept to really start looking at as almost like a kinetic chain and expand it to that. So so yeah, so I think that there is a plausible to answer question. Sorry, it's a little bit long-winded, but I think that there was a plausible thing that, yeah, you know, you got to appreciate how the body so interconnected and we're seeing that. You know, hey, Liz, just real quick, was Randy Johnson. One of the people you got to do in assessment on? Well, you know, after me in RJ, we call him Randy, you know, hung out, you know, um, yeah, you know, no, no, he had, he was, he was a smidgeholder. We had some of the triple A boys in the double A and it was fun. It was, it was a good time. They're really good group of guys and for, you know, they were basically our, our, our test that used for, you know, two days straight. So it was pretty pretty brutal, but really nice group of guys and, um, you know, they're really into trying to, you know, inch out every bit of performance, right? You know, and I think that, yeah, and I think that's important. So, um, can you speak to something else? I want to stay on musculoskeletal for the majority of this conversation, but, there's an article written in 2013 by Suki Cleveland and Wiener, who I believe you had mentioned earlier, being kind of like a spearhead of, of this movement. And they talk about several different things. And this is the Journal of Manual and Manipulative Therapy. And they talk about kind of four different parts of regional interdependence. They speak about musculoskeletal, which, which is really where I want to spend most of our time, but they also talk about some out of visceral, neurophysiological, and bio-psychosocial. So can you speak to those other three things and then how that affects regional interdependence? And then let's shift our focus back to musculoskeletal and we'll spend the rest of our time stopping around there. Yeah, sure. So, so one thing, just a little history for our family here who's watching is that, so we, you know, we talked about, like in 2007, you know, that's when this model came out, everyone's excited. All this research is coming out. People are connecting the dots. We see a trickle down to fitness professionals, you know, pretty much all movement specialists. Then in about 2013, my friend Derek Suki, he's here based in LA. He's an amazing pain researcher. And him and I did our PhDs together. And he, he went, he got with the original authors, Wayne, or and Cleveland and all of them. And they decided to expand the model now. Okay, so more, more of a contemporary, because, remember, is everyone knows, too. We have to say current with a lot of the concepts that we do, right? And so they expanded the model in 2013 to include other aspects of the whole body. And so what they're saying is is that, most of us focus on the muscular skeletal aspect of the original independent model. But then they took it a step for a second. You know, if someone is someone is in pain, it's also going to be some out of this role, right? I mean, if you're, you know, because we, we understand what the body is as far as stressors, right? It could be drama in our life, emotional stress, physical. And a lot of us are feeling that right now, because we're isolated, we're going through this, this pandemic. So some out of this role is a concept to say in a way a second, if your sympathetic nervous system is turned on, you're going to be affecting your whole body. So it's going to be more of a visceral, it's going to be more of the body. So you might feel different sensations, pain or something in the body. But then also to it could be neurophysiological because all this kind of stress that we're feeling is coming from our body. So it could affect nerve conduction. It could it could affect how our brain processes stuff. Then if you, if you kind of go around the model, then it goes into the biological social, which everyone knows, I think, you know, all, everybody listening knows that most of our clients that we work with, a lot of times, we have to treat this first. We have to really get them to buy into their program, to be more consistent. We want them to be able to enjoy the thought of physical activity again, right? You know, and we want them to, we want to change behavior. So a lot of what NESM has has shown, especially with the new, you know, nutritional specialist certification. And the, and the updated CES material is that we have to look at the body as holistic. So this model in 2013, the kind of the regional independent, has got a little bit more updated and said, hey, we get, we get the muscular skeletal aspect. Okay, we got it. Now let's step back a little bit. Let's start looking at other the neuroindocrine system. Let's look at cortisol, you know, someone's under stress. How is it going to affect immensely physically? We talk about mental health a lot, right? So, so, and I think, and I think this is very intuitive to most of the NESM family, but it's nice to get it on a piece of paper and package for us in a nice Amazon box. Yeah, I'm going to give a joke there. Yeah, right? Yeah, everyone does Amazon, right? You know, yeah, a nice Amazon gift so that once we unpack it and we start unpacking it and we start drilling down into all these concepts, then we're like, okay, it becomes very granular. We're like, oh, yeah, I get that. I know that, you know, my patients might, let's say they're more sedentary. So they're feeling a little bit kind of down like in a funk. You know, I know it affects this and that. So it's really bringing together psychology and physiology. Does that mean sense? It's kind of bringing together in one package. So, yeah, if, if you've not watched a man, I can't remember if it's, or mostly, but wonderful pain researchers out of Australia. And he does a TED talk about being bitten by a snake in the bush. Yeah, it is brilliant. Most wonderful. I love it when you get researchers like you and him that have wonderful personalities that can tell wonderful stories and also have the science to back it. And it's like, man, I want to listen to you, but he talks about this, this wonderful concept of pain and how the brain creates pain. And so I had a physical therapist telling me one time, he was real big and debutler and mostly. It's like he was, he was switching his whole thing to no more muscular skeletal. He was just going to, it was almost like a psychoanalytic of everything. And he said, you know, pain is in your brain anyway. And so every once in a while I'd come to him and I would say, hey, I need you to help me out because my brain is making my knee hurt. So if pain is in the brain, but my knee is hurting, there are multiple factors and muscular skeletal should not be thrown out of that because I've been to treatment multiple times and it is muscular skeletal treatments in many instances that have helped me sometimes just like that feel better and sometimes after multiple treatments feel better. So let's dig into this muscular skeletal component and again shout out to Butler and Mosley and one of them, his name is Laura Moore. Laura Moore Mosley, I believe. So Mosley is the one who does the TED Talk. Please go check that out. Again, Australian guy, great pain researcher talks about being bitten by a snake and you know it's going to be a good story. Check that out on the TED Talks on YouTube. But let's get into kind of this concept of muscular skeletal, regional interdependence and what we can do as fitness professionals, as somebody that's not here to really treat pain. That's not our job. Our job if somebody is in pain is to first of all avoid pain and then to recommend that they go see somebody like you, a licensed professional that can help support treat pain. But that doesn't mean we can't exercise with them or can't work out with them. So you know we want to avoid that area of pain. We don't want to put in the men any more pain. But we can help. And one of the ways that we can help is we don't necessarily treat pain but we treat movement, we treat movement dysfunction. We can look at where somebody is weak, where somebody is tight. We can focus on let's go through the corrective exercise model. We can inhibit, we can lengthen, we can activate, we can do integrate. Let's speak to what we can do is corrective exercise specialists using the regional interdependence model and how we can apply it. Yeah, so that's an awesome segue into looking at this. So if we focus on kind of like the original like the muscular skeletal approach, a lot of times when I'm teaching this class to my university students or just work with patients myself and my clinical practice, one thing I think is important to understand and appreciate is when some when a client reports their perception of pain. Remember pain is a perception. Okay, I think we all have to go back to the basics and realize that our bodies are telling us something. Okay, pain is a sensation. It's a it's an a parent response. Okay, so our brain is saying ow. All right, simply ow. So then that's going to cause an e-fair reaction all the way down from the cortical brain, mid-brain, central nervous system to our spinal cord. So we get that we get this, we get this huge action and if you follow mostly and you follow a lot of this pain research, when people are in pain, obviously it's a stress or just so the sympathetic nervous system kicks on. So everything, so basically we have this huge upregulation of the nervous system when we're in pain. Okay, and I think that that's important because as as specifically for fitness professionals in my humble opinion, we always have to kind of identify where the pain is or what it is. Okay, so is it acute, is it acute muscle soreness after a workout? Okay, that's that's cool. Or is it delayed onset muscle soreness? Okay, is it is it a is it a level of pain that is kind of like that no no pain? You know what I mean? So I want to be careful though with fitness professionals who may not who may go out of their scope of practice, we don't want to diagnose, we never want to do that, but we do want to kind of identify it and if they come in with pain, we as a professional and as part of the health care industry, that fitness is considered healthcare these days is that we've got to investigate a little bit more and we have to ask questions, you know like okay what's what's when I want to your pain and you know how to this happen. So you want to kind of identify you know the mechanism right the type of pain, the intensity and also the aggravating factors like what's bothering them, but also what's relieving them. So it it takes like a minute to kind of go through some questions and figure it out, but I always recommend that every fit pro does a sting test, right? If it stinks don't do it, you know, it just just kind of just kind of realize that. So I think I think the first step is it then defines, identifying some type of discomfort or pain. Was it just soreness from the exercise and stuff and then then from there as a professional then they would determine okay it's safer them to continue with my workouts. Does that make sense and I think that that's that's important. Now we're not talking about okay I'm sore from the exercises we want that, you know everyone loves to get sore after a workout these days, especially our weakened warrior groups, you know all the crossfitters and all the stuff the hit trainers. So we want we want that, but then also too we have to realize that as as corrective exercise specialists and fitness professionals we're also experts in movement okay there's a huge body of research that shows that if we move it it it helps us decrease pain in the body. Woo! It was saved against for the people in the back row. Yes brother okay brother doctor Rick. Yes so if we move there is research especially for low back pain and stuff post surgeries and stuff our bodies are designed for movement okay and that is the most that is probably the biggest take home that I can give today is our bodies are designed to movement. If we move we feel back okay we we we we look at all the physiological things that occur just with human movement right the neurophysiological system the cardiovascular and we can just go over a whole hour of just all the effects we got a move and so I think this model when it comes as someone who's in pain especially musculoskeletal that's where in the new corrective exercise specialists or I call it kind of new or updated the updated material is we expanded our catalog in the assessment flow and we we kind of use the original the regional interdependence as a foundation as as corrective exercise specialists go through their corrective exercise assessment we're looking at the whole body and we're doing a combination of you know flexibility and mobility tests all the way through okay so I need to speak to that also for just a moment for for us to understand a little bit better what is that difference between flexibility and mobility okay well a lot of times you know again it's it's almost like you know Rick it's almost like the term functional training like what does that mean yeah I'm going to do functional training you're like okay you know I'm not going to garden I'm going to dig a dish we're going to throw ball right I mean who knows what functional training is so so when it comes to like flexibility that that's kind of a broad term that that we use just kind of saying that it's a combination of it's just in my opinion it's a combination of tissue extensibility right your mile fascia is able to to stretch and lengthen and broaden and all that but also it's joint mobility okay the joint capsule the legaments it's all kind of one kind of a seven layer bean dip I'm getting hungry right yeah everything's all kind of smack together so so basically for someone to be flexible or to have kind of mobility they're all kind of interchangeable irregularness of the term you need to have good joint range of motion right and that's the measurement of joint mobility and you also have to you also have to have good extensibility and neural muscular control of the muscles as I make sense so those are the three components that we look at is the joint has to be able to move through the full range of motion the tissues have to stretch but also you need good motor control you need good co-contractions good good control good motor patterns to make the whole system work so so those are kind of the the three tenants that encapsulate flexibility slash mobility if that's kind of what okay I'm honestly thinking notes right now I'll thank you sir thank you sir appreciate and I'm coming from Dr Rick here I mean I'm gonna blush I like right well you given this kind of a system to follow too like here's a 1 2 3 1 2 3 and I like that and I'm going to go ahead well I wanted to talk about some specifics of regional and independence and this goes back to the research article that that you had done back in 2014 at the Journal of Athletic Therapy and Training and it talks about kind of treatments to one area that help to address issues in other areas and you you talked about the lateral epicon delight us and treating up the neck or you may have talked about the correlation between weak abductors and ankle sprains but what are some of the other things that have been found and these are these are ways that we as corrective exercise specialists can actually address maybe some flexibility stability some strength in certain locations of the body to help people when it comes to issues that they may be having again not necessarily addressing pain but for instance I'm not a physical therapist but I love having conversations with my clients physical therapist is they're going to treatment so that way they can keep working out but I know that I'm still addressing something that is very important and something that's also very helpful is that sometimes I might say something that the physical therapist goes oh yeah that's actually a really good idea can why don't we implement that and have that take place and so whether that's looking at kind of stabilizing in a different plane of motion or addressing a particular region of the body that may not have been addressed these are all conversations that I have with the therapist and I want the therapist to have back with me so that I can still do my job and let's make sure that we understand this my job is a personal trainer I'm not trying to cross over into physical therapy I'm not trying to cross screen it streams I love being a trainer and I don't want to be a physical therapist I want to do some really solid, fun exercises I want to help people lose weight I want to help people move better I want to help you become more functional whether that's throwing a ball or gardening or digging a ditch I want that but if somebody is addressing pain as a therapist and I can reinforce and support them I want to do that too so can we talk about some of the areas like addressing the lumbar spine to treat hip pain or knee pain or potato form a femoral syndrome or hamstring strains or going down some of this list of what you found that certain areas help other areas and what might be something that trainers can do to help support physical therapist on an hour end. Yeah so let's why don't we break it down to upper body and lower bodies that's how I'm okay and we'll just do some bullet points for the team for the family who's watching so first of all when we talk about when we talk about the shoulder and I think that that's one of the hot the most highly injured joints in an athletic people because we know we know the glental hemorrhol joint right and the scapula thoracic they're very unstable they really depend on muscular control right so so the first thing to do is what I always tell people and when I teach this at all levels I always talk about that the shoulders all about space you need to have good posture you need to be able to correct posture first with any type of upper extremity issue okay second of all is you need to have scapula stability early scapula stability in my opinion my humble opinion takes care of a lot of issues you got shoulder impenishment you got your elbow tendonitis is you even have your your your wrist flex or an extensor issues you know you have all that stuff you have you have your your cervical spine issues right like the tech snack and you have a lot of these posture related disorders if you if you restore motion for you know if you restore proper kind of proper posture with people and you get good cemetery in the muscles and you create that good neutral posture you create space underneath the shoulder and the subacromial space you open up the neck you open up the lateral for amen with the nerves and all that so you really open things up so anything with the upper body or one is get you know restore posture okay number two is create space by getting a more dynamic you know cemetery the muscles to help control and hold that dynamic posture as I make sense and I and I think that that's important because it think about this though too clinically I work with a lot of tennis players in southern California right we've had people with with the wrists and elbow issues but it wasn't coming from that it was coming from a week shoulder okay it was coming from a week scapular thoracic joint so the scapular stabilizers were not were not stabilizing as they were going through their forehand ground strokes and stuff all the pressure was going to the elbow and they were opening up during their swing so the whole kinetic chain was breaking down because that's why we always go to the tenant of proximal stability first and that's the core shoulders good posture before distal control mobility okay and so we've seen that over and over again and that's been a big theme in the RII or the regional independence research is saying look get good alignment okay get good strength motor control you know good dynamic posture whatever we want to classify it proximally that takes care of the extremities because the muscles will automatically kind of kind of kick in once you have that and they'll have those good synergistic co-contractions motions and all three planes of motion does that make sense and I think and then and so that's one of the biggest things we looked at when it comes to the upper body you know again correct posture get good cemetery fix the overactive and underactive so if we're going to throw the upper body into the corrective exercise continual right not step one is what we do is we always we always inhibit right and hit it the overactive so that means you know try to attack those overactive with either foam rolling they can go get a massage you can do some other type of inhibitory stuff lengthen muscles but those are all locally done right those are kind of local and stuff then as you go to step three or or phase three of the corrective exercise continuum you go into activate will activate becomes more of a regional now because regional under dependent so you're going to you're going to you're going to activate some of the inhibited local scapular muscles but you're also going to be working the core the hip and you're going to be activating that whole kinetic chain see so that's where the regional independence starts to expand then when you integrate that's when you start doing full body movements you know lunge with the reach you know if there are tennis players you're going through different sports specific movements that have to do with the whole kinetic chain okay so those are so so hopefully I know we have a short amount of time but for me early scapular control early posture takes care of so many upper kind of quarter upper extremity issues at the cervical spine shoulder elbow and and rest and is that is that one of the reasons also we're seeing such a proliferation of things like thoracic spine mobility as well you know that's something even a few years ago I never saw really in the fitness industry except for we would foam roll the thoracic spine that was a big part of it but now we're talking about mobility active range of motion like all these wonderful things is do we find that the thoracic spine a lot of things going on at the thoracic spine also kind of reach out into these other areas yeah and exactly and we found out that now remember too just here's here's a perfect example and we can get deep you know maybe at another segment if you want to but if everyone here is with me and we all kind of flex our shoulder up okay we have to remember that the last 10 to 15 degrees actually has influenced by the by the upper thoracic spine okay and then we also understand too that when we rotate our neck okay there's been some very good anatomical studies that show that are spine C1 to C7 rotates but the spine also rotates down to T3 okay so so we so we have this cervical thoracic integration whenever we have bad posture whenever whenever we rotate so that's why whenever I have personally when I'm when I'm kind of having my PT had on if I have somebody with a shoulder issue and I know that they have restriction and hypomobility in the upper thoracic spine I'll do manipulation to loosen it up then I'll take them through the corrective exercise continuum to really retrain and I'm telling you right now for some reason at least for my practice I'm able to get them out back to the gym quicker than if I just stuck to the old let's just treat one joint at a time because I'm okay so so so so so so I think everyone who's listening now we're starting to kind of put the package together and we're realizing that you got to look at the whole body and so it should make sense like if everyone's with me if I can kind of expand myself everyone has bad posture and they lift their arm up you can see that you're you're gonna impinge right but if you sit up you have a lot more motion right so we we understand through regional and independence and it's kind of obvious but sometimes like as we're looking at the rear view mirror things are closer than they appear right yeah and I think it's a great analogy because a lot of times we may we might look at stuff but like you said everyone foam rolls the thoracic spine but why what's the why behind it and so the the RIM model gives us that that look at that and just me kind of you know talking on the upper body it makes sense now that okay I have to address the thoracic spine through posture mobility right so I need to take you take basically all the different upper kinetic chain check through the corrective exercise continuum and then that takes care of a lot of issues and stuff like that so for the fit pros out there if you have somebody who has elbow pain right take them through the updated corrective exercise flow and look at thoracic mobility because we have that in there now we actually we added that to the new updated material because we wanted people to look at everything from the RIM model so look at the neck look at this and also too I've had many fit pros come to me and say you know hey doctor Scott you know I know I know you sent somebody with me with elbow pain but when I moved their neck and I do a screen it's giving them some numbness and tingling down the arm yeah so there was one person that they did that and we we just started seeing them it was like their second session and the other therapist that we're seeing them I'm like okay let me see them so then we have the patient come back and and saw me and I really started screening the neck and we found an underlying what's called a stenosis where he had some wear and tear of a of a disc and it was pension on the nerve now he didn't need surgery or anything like that we were able to safely rehab them but it's it's it's it's the collaboration between different professionals that work okay so the RIM model connects a lot of professionals along the continuum of care right and yeah and I and again I think it's important for the fitness professional to remember that in my in my humble opinion there the job of a fit as a fit pro is a kind of continue where where the patient left off and rehab it's like it's like a baton right it's like we're asking that we're passing the baton and so the simplest recipe is just pick up where the physical therapist left off that is right yeah it's just it's a safest thing to do and then you can progress them in the gym and stuff and most PT's that I know are really cool and they they love a fitness professional because we realize that you know we don't know anything right I mean we're learning and there's so many smart people out there right and so I think it's important as we look at the RIM model and some examples that we have to be able to expand our catalog of what we know so the updated material really you know is a foundation for really looking at the whole body which is a more current thing because you know any SM work cutting edge I mean that's the point any SM's cutting edge we're we always do our best and as material comes out you know it it takes a lot of work we have so many professionals so many great minds that I worked with oh my gosh I mean I don't know how many times I bow down to everybody I mean Dr Kyle stole Tony Amler right I mean Amy I mean all these great professionals yourself Rick we're always doing this and so I think everybody here listening if you guys can get a hold of the new material it's gonna open your eyes to the you know a little bit more and kind of build upon that so with the time we have left though at the time we have left let's talk about lower extremities is that sound good let's kind of round out yeah our tone yeah let me just address something real direct and and what it's really about that I want to address right now it's about networking with it as a fitness professional with other people like yourself as a physical therapist or whether you work the chiropractor or an athletic trainer or who member it is isn't really a matter and and I always say the the person that catches the most fish not only fish is in the right place but also has the biggest net so for us we need to expand our network we need to reach out and reach across and stop saying as a personal trainer their mind mind mind because addressing pain isn't our thing that's not what we do we don't have a license to do that so if we stay in our lane but we expand our network then I think we're going to be able to catch a lot more fish because as you said more professionals license professionals are referring out more towards fitness and fitness is now being seen as a health need and a health must and so if you can pass the baton as a physical therapist to us over here as personal trainers then you know that we have a corrective exercise specialty and that we have a background you're more willing to say hey I'm going to say you know our time is done but if you want to see someone else these are people that I recommend yeah and you know one tenant that I always teach and I've always as I always believed in is that humility builds bridges okay cockiness burns it right I mean come on I mean everyone knows to and this day and age how much we know look at the COVID we don't know anything right I mean honestly yeah so I think everybody I think the fifth pros out there in my opinion I think that fifth pros are becoming you know and they need to realize too is that they are part of the continuum of health care you know and and fitness is so important so they are bound by HIPAA you know and you got and fifth pros out there I'm saying even myself because I do a lot of fitness when I'm functions of fifth pro I realize that I'm part of this this medical team per say you know so if you need to call a doctor and don't be afraid I mean you got a function within your lane right you got to stay in your lane and you have to you can't really diagnose you got to be careful because you know you you we're a litigious society so you got to protect yourself I mean that's understandable but also though too if it's beyond your pay grade move the client up to the next pay level right like for me you know we see clients direct access in California so if I do an exam and there's a big medical red flag that comes up I'm gonna send them to an orthopedic because it's out of my realm and I'm not gonna diagnose them as far as you know a medical diagnosis because I'm not medical I'm physical therapy so I do a physical therapy diagnosis right so so I think it's important like you're saying is that the networks these days are very symbiotic okay we refer to each other and I think the fitness professional you know needs to realize and you know that there's no one better than anybody because there's plenty of clients to go around I know many fitness professionals who are making way more money than me and also seeing some and also seeing some very cool celebrities here in California I'm freaking jealous you know I'm saying yeah I know right okay buddy is like you know like go on peak to half relax you know let's let's work together because then then it feeds us all so you know so I think I think that there's a new wave of humility that's going around and you know but I depend on my fitness professionals mind that work that I do they I've trained them in a sense as far as a physical therapy like here's what I want after phase four of ACR rehabilitation I'll send them to the fibro and so they know what the markers are but other than that I trust them to be movement specialists I trust them to be corrective exercise all the fitness professionals I work with have their CES because I told them I said you know what you know I could probably get you discount code or whatever which we did you know the stuff but I made sure that they understood what was going on in the continuum because that's what simple that's simply what I asked them what phase are they in in the continuum right and and then from there because we know though the size the OBT model corrective exercise is going to be popped in and out of every phase it depends because we every then we always have a joint that hurts I don't know about you man I'm old right I always got something going on everybody if you're active there's always something so the the CES model will always fit into the OBT model whenever it's needed does that make sense you know you may introduce and you exercise like TRX suspension training well you might have to do some correctives with that right you know so so there's so many there's so many things that can be fit so that's where I think like your saying is the networking comes in of just realizing that we're all one team and I think if we do that more we will we'll be able to take care of clients more more plus the monetary helps to right we all make a little I mean come on we got to pay the bills so I think that that so can we speak maybe just a couple of minutes on lower extremity and then if you've got time and Greg if you have time we can open it up to some of the questions that have been asked but let's let's hit the lower extremity quickly and kind of run through some things and then we'll go through some questions that people are asking sure yeah so one of the big things will just jump to because I think the NESM family is pretty strong on the overhead squad assessment right so I think that that's good I think we cover that one of the biggest assessments I love personally is a single like squad assessment okay because to me it tells you three things number one it tells you motor control wise concentric and concentrically and you centrically how they can control the lower extremity second of all it also works balance which we know is three components eyes inner ears and somatosensory okay the third thing is it really looks at their motor planning and motor control what is your strategy to do a single like squad does that make sense so we kind of look at strength balance and that their motor planning strategy okay are they going to hint from the hip first are they going to use a knee strategy with a knee and we call it knee dominance is a knee just going to jut forward you know are they going to kind of because remember it's movement now they're going to pronate at the ankle what is their strategy so with the single with the single leg squat test that's my gold standard for most of my lower extremities okay so I do that in all my assessments to me very simple you need to take care of your ball and socket joints that's it there's your answer okay if you get just like the shoulder if you get early control the scapular thoracic and the shoulder you take care of everything else in a sense okay just kind of generally speaking um if you take care the hip joint you take you line up the knee and you line up the ankle okay the the femurs the biggest joint the body right biggest bone cox the femurals possibly the you know people think it's the biggest joint but if you control the hip and all three planes of motion you control the femur you control the knee and theoretically you control the foot does it make sense okay you line everything up now obviously if someone has static pest planis which are flat feet or pest cave is and then in motion if they're having some type of like a we call like a flexible foot or eight more or even a heavy rigid foot which is supinate so sure there's other anatomical things but as we're talking quickly if you want to do some really correctives I always tell people to do the proximal stability first that includes the lumbal pelvic hip complex okay take care of that kinetic chain first so again really simply everyone out there clear all your kinetic chains if someone has a neck issue or whatever clear the upper kinetic chains then go down go down to your lower kinetic chains and see if there's any regional interdependence is everyone get that so so so in simply if we want to package it take each of your five kinetic checkpoints make sure and check each of them off okay pick pick the most important one first so someone has a lumbal pelvic hip issue let's say let's say they're having hip pain or they're having low back pain will obviously target that kinetic check point first then going by the regional interdependence model go above and below and get those checkpoints so it's really easy just use your kinetic checkpoints the the most important one first and then start picking off the other ones and then that gives everybody who who's listening a very nice strategy that automatically incorporates the regional interdependence model and I know most of the fit pros and most of the great minds at any SM we've always been doing it this is just a nice package and a nice title that we can use that helps us stay focused just like the set principle or you know this principle is specific specificity you know I always make that you know be it's a good effort you might have liked that yeah so anyways you want to say it's like whatever you know let's go to Greg for a moment let's see if we have any questions for Dr Scott Cheatum from the group here yeah we do active chat today thank you everybody for joining us Danielle in the chat wants to know regarding a comprehensive posture analysis do you have a recommendation for posture analysis app or something uh particular software potentially that can be used for my remote clients oh that's a good question I mean I like I love the edge app I think the edge app covers a lot there's a lot of posture apps out there but you know a lot of you know sometimes simple technology helps Danielle and I think sometimes just having you know being on a Skype resume and actually having the client stand in front of you stand at the side and rotate all the way around and you're doing a head to to assessment right and then recording it and actually looking at it sometimes I think that that's the best than trying to use an app that vectors and all that other stuff so I think remotely sometimes if you're going to do like a telemedicine type of thing that's going to be the best because remember a lot of times people do their best when they're standing so sometimes you got to catch them in a relaxed stance shoes on shoes off you have to be specific you know if you're working with the runner and they're wearing hoca's which are big old beefy shoes running versus small nikes that makes a difference in their standing so I think when you're doing your static and dynamic sometimes live is better than trying to use an app I've seen a lot of limitations with the apps because they just take a picture which is one point in time I think you need to kind of watch them over a 20 or 30 second period so that's kind of my thought on that so hopefully I'm going to add something to that Scott if you guys are watching and you can see the door behind Scott kind of can't see much of it but there's you know a grid is really nice to have and so the door behind him it's got some vertical lines it's got some horizontal lines and with that being said if you have them lined up with something like that or even if it's they don't have a door like that it's just a frame of a door so you get a nice vertical line and you can see shifting of the body having a grid behind people can be very helpful so is there an app that you can use specifically yeah there are several apps out there and I'm not entirely sure what they all are but I'm buying in with what Dr. Scott saying here which is you know get on a zoom call or Skype or hang out or whatever you can and try to get this live so you can see what's going on and not capture a point in time but to get some real feedbacks and real visual what's going on and then you can give instruction as well like make sure you take your shoes off and make sure that you line up or can you turn this way a little bit so I like that idea I think it's a good idea Greg what else do we got going on here yeah Greg in the chat once know he says I grew up in Arizona I'm a huge time in back's fan who's your favorite time back player you worked with that Greg is actually in me but I was just saying you're okay you know I'm a big RJ fan and I love the wallet and I'm a mallet guy you know Randy Johnson had me at hello you know some of the big I'm back fan and remember out here in Los Angeles which is the best city in the world I forgot to mention that Lakers thing captures who who was one of our biggest rivals Arizona Diamondbacks so yeah well my I just remember seeing that clip of Randy Johnson throwing that pitch and hitting the bird that went by yep oh my goodness there was there was no pain in that bird's going that bird just disappeared so we real short on time guys hey Greg is there any question we can throw out there or we we feel like we need to wrap this up no I think we've exhausted the questions after my selfish one so yeah okay well we're right at 60 minutes so I'm gonna go ahead and shout out Scott and say Dr Scott Chitam thank you so much for being on here again and you know I love having you on I'd like to have you as a kind of a regular guest every month or so to get you in and get your feedback I think you're as a researcher wonderful you are a light and lively and fun to engage with so thank you for all the work that you've done and committed to NASM and you're willingness to participate and what we're doing here yeah thank you so much and thank you for the NASM family for listening and yeah I would love to come on and talk about hot topics and you know whatever and I'm sure we can you know with the membership and stuff we can we can come up with some cool ideas so yeah hopefully I'll be on soon and we can talk more about hot topics and how they you know will we'll better our our client care right that's a whole lot of everything all right thank you everybody awesome you don't thank you so much for tuning and my name is Rick Richie this is the NASM CPT podcast