I'm going to the SM, the VT podcast and Facebook Live Webcast, my name is Richie, and I want to welcome you and thank you for time out of your day to check out this side of Ken Amix cited, but I have one of my favorite researchers today, he has been a cancer study on it and the work that has with professionals and he has a lot of a book that I've read through on several occasions called the Science and Development of Muscle High Purcharfi. I want to say a big shout out and a big thank you to Dr. Brad Shonfeld. Brad, thanks for being on. My pleasure, Rudy. Yeah. So I guess first I want to get to if we can just start jumping into the topic is really a question that you series of questions. So I'm curious, what are the most conquestions that people ask about most surgery? Oh, we're the most common. I mean, the most common is how do I get big? Yeah. Oh, and that's a big question to break down. How do you break that down in a short answer or kind of, we're going to dig into it a little bit deeper, but if somebody just asked you that when they raised their hand in your classroom, how do you go about answering that? Well, after I tell them, pick the right parents. Um, I like that. That's part of it. But ultimately, look, it then starts to come down. This is where the nuance has come down. It depends upon how much you want to optimize your own genetics. So to just get bigger and to gain muscle, basically it comes down the training hard and consistently. You can do that with a very basic type of program and really not spending that much time doing it. Two, three days a week, half hour, 45 minute sessions. If you're training really hard, even single set, hit type sessions, you know, high intensity training sessions, not high intensity interval, hit meaning, high intensity one set to failure, your type was were cost failure. Can get you a majority of good amount of muscle. Now, if you then want to maximize your own genetics, then that's a, that's my book. That's where that's where textbook comes into play. And it's, it's not a question that can be answered, even in a half hour interview that we have. There's just so many nuances and it's highly individualized too. It's not there's one, one of the most important things that I will say. And I tell everyone is that I can give you, I can give you general guidelines. But ultimately, that it comes down to putting these guidelines into practice for yourself and using a trial and error approach to find out within those guidelines. How to optimize your own genetics. Well, that leads me to a question just because of something that you mentioned is leading up to failure and whether that is volitional fatigue or actual muscular fatigue. Is it, is it true that in the research we're starting to look at now more information that kind of going to the point of fatigue is really valuable, but the set range, which used to be very delineated between this is your high-perchrophy set range. And this is your endurance set range that you can high-perchrophy kind of regard us of a set range that you're looking at or it's not as black and white as we once thought it was. It's kind of a two-part question, but I'm kind of gauge both of them. That first that is true that there is no high-perchrophy range that often elusive or talked about eight to 12 reps for high-perchrophy has, I want to say it's been debunked per se because it's an effective range to train in, but you can gain muscle across a dairy-wide span of repetition ranges. Anything from your RONOM up to 40 repetitions or even potentially some more, but very, very high-reps, 30-40 reps per set, as long as you are taking those close to failure, as long as you are so sufficiently chapped, if you're doing like that Tracey Anderson workout, think dumbbells, that's not what we're talking about here. Using lighter-reloads where you're really pushing yourself on those last couple reps, I will say that for the very low repetition, so like the very heavy loads, you're one, two and three reps, while you certainly can build muscle, it's not an effective or inefficient way to do it because you have to do a lot more sets to make up for the volume load. There's just not enough volumes, you'd have to do a lot more sets, but it's a lot of stress on the joints when you're doing very heavy loads for high volumes. So generally speaking, you'd be looking at five reps, six reps, plus up to 30 or so, or more. So that's question number one, so certainly yes, you can gain muscle during large amounts of wide variations of repetitions, as far as doing the failure, it does seem that higher reps it becomes the higher the repetition range, the more important it becomes to at least come close to failure. I am still not convinced in the literature, but we have a meta analysis and review that should be coming out soon, which does not really show a true benefit to going to all out failure. Now there are limitations to the research. I still do think and working with a lot of high level bodybuilders that perhaps as you get really close to your genetic potential that it might become more important. We don't have literature on those types of trainees, so the really, very instantaneous trainees, but I think for the vast majority of people, you need to go close to failure, at least on some of the sets. Taking them to a repetition in reserves or RAR, if you familiar with that concept, how many reps shorter failure you are of one or two reps shorter failure probably. But again, it is also then the nuances depend upon the loading range, is it a three or five or seven rep range, is it a 10 or 12 rep range, or is it a 20 or 30 rep range, as I said, is you start going higher and higher with the rep range comes more important to get close to failure. Okay, that's right. You would also mention high intensity interval training. I think that probably most people associate that with metabolic expenditure and they're going to burn a lot of calories in a short amount of time and it's very good for weight loss, but are we seeing then that there's a correlation between doing the high intensity or to full training and high-perchrophy as well? If you are untrained individual, that would be the case that there is some evidence that using higher intensity aerobic work will lead to high-perchrophy, it seems to top out fairly quickly over the first few months, you have to several months and then and it seems also more specific to the type one fibers because of the, again, you are really not achieving more, a lot of it is more cardiovascular failure than it is the muscle failure in that right, challenging the muscles. So it's not real depletion of the fatigue locally, that's causing fatigue, it's more cardiovascular fatigue. If we then get into what happens at the muscle and maybe this is just a bit more physiology, but if you could speak to it, what actually happens on the muscular level that leads to high-perchrophy or we looking at, is it mechanical stress, is it muscle damage, is it metabolic stress, is it a combination, is it neural, is it hormonal, kind of what do all of these different components play into high-perchrophy? So I'm not sure how deep you want to get here, because I'm gonna apply a complex process and you can then take it from there, from what we can expand on it, but basically the mechanical forces are transformed, transduced, it's called mechanical transduction. So mechanical forces are transformed into chemical signals and basically at the muscle cell, there are the sensors, they're called integrins, there are others too, but the sensors are mechanical sensors and they convert the, it sends these mechanical signals, they then work to convert them into these chemical signals, and there's an intracellular signaling cascade, which is a series of enzymes that basically take, you have upstream enzymes, which are your higher level, and then they go all the way to downstream, where you downstream is where protein synthesis occurs, and that's the muscle-building process. One of the enzymes, called M2R, which you might be in many people might be familiar with, that is a molecular nodal point, one of the enzymes within the intracellular signaling cascade, some middle-level, it's kind of in between up and down stream, and there are other, it's basically, it's a cascade, it's a series of these enzymatic initiatives, and there are multiple pathways that lead to M2R, and there are also, it's believed them to our independent cascades, even without M2R, once some of that virtually. So again, I just want to point out how complex this cascade is. Sure. I'm going to start asking about, is muscle damage involved? So obviously, the mechanical forces are your driving force, because the forces are what are converted, but our other factors really, I think that's where, what's the more interesting question is, is metabolic stress involved? Is muscle damages high-poxia in other factors, and the truth is, we're just not sure, there is certainly some evidence that points to it, but you can send men to the moon at this point, we know exactly how to figure out what makes muscle grow, and we're so far from really having a full understanding. There is certainly evidence that there is effects of muscle damage and metabolic stress, but there are also some evidence that there's not, or that it's minimum, whether it happens into the extent that it does occur, is it clear? And what is clear is that the driving force is your mechanical forces, and everything else would be added to that. And of course, you kind of mentioned a chronic hormonal levels. So if you're very well-like at the male, has very low testosterone levels. If you're a male in your tea levels, if you're hypergonatol, let's see, especially when it happens in elderly men, but if you're testosterone levels, let's say a hundred and nine degrees per decilator, or in your base levels, normal levels are 300, and generally normal with somewhere 500 to 600, you're going to have a tough time growing muscle. So there's other certainly other factors we do know get involved there. And of course, one of the elephant and the room we haven't touched on is nutrition. That's what I was talking about. And I did ask question. You need the obviously sufficient protein, is essential if you're deficient in protein. Well, that's going to be an issue in calories themselves, if you were not taking insufficient calories. So if you're in a caloric deficit, it's harder to grow muscle. And that really speaks to kind of a, be a surplus of protein is what most people think of, but you're kind of adding to that, and it's not just an extra surplus of protein. And we're kind of looked at what the research is interesting because it's kind of what bodybuilders have been saying from since I was born, which is the amount of grams per body weight in pounds, right? And there's a conversion where it's kind of grams to kilograms, right? So it ends up being if you're 175 pound male, you would have up to 175 grams per protein. Is that, is that what the research is pointing to right now? That's correct. So it's somewhere between 1.6 to 2.2 grams per kilogram. That's 2.2 kilograms in a pound. So 2.2 kilograms per pound, 2.2 grams per kilogram is the same thing as a gram per pound. Do you actually need that much? That's still not clear. Partially, or we seemingly will depend upon how hard you're training. What stressors in your life and other factors, it could be a little bit lower. Generally my recommendations for people who really want to maximize muscle mass or between 0.8 to 1.0 grams per pound. So let's say if you're 200 pounds, it would be a minimum of what say 160 grams and up to 200. When you start getting over 1 gram per pound, it probably doesn't make much if any difference that your body cannot store excess protein. It's basically just going to oxidize the frenagy. So it's kind of wasted protein at that point. Gotcha. And eating that much protein at some point, at least I remember in college it was like, man, if I have to eat another can of tuna or if I have to try and try and to take in protein can be an arduous process within itself. Well, so that's another interesting point. So that is definitely true. And that is why if your goal is weight loss, getting more protein can potentially help you to lose weight because it can make you less hot. It basically can blend your appetite. So there is at least the theory that if you want to have higher amounts of protein, and there also is some evidence that in a court deficit, it might need slightly more even than a gram per pound if you want to hold onto your muscle. It's so somewhat equivocal, but certainly it is difficult to eat protein a lot of protein. So yeah, if you want to lose weight, it's a good consuming more protein is a good strategy. Gotcha. What are is there a recommendation or at least some evidence that supports what is they other kind of distribution of macro nutrients that you would take in? Not really. To me nutrition, so I would say that you need you have a faster essential. So carbohydrates are essential. No, just because they're not essential doesn't mean they're not beneficial. That's another great. It's like your keto components will say what carbs are in essential. So just because something is in essential, that doesn't mean they might not be beneficial. And there's certainly, again, I know we don't have time in this short interview to go into, certainly reasons why having some carbohydrate intake is going to fuel performance, especially anaerobic performance, your B vitamins or largely in carbohydrates of fiber, is in carbohydrate. Anyway, what I would say is can you be on a keto diet? It's not from me, but yeah, it's a viable diet. I would also say that if you want to maximize muscle gain, a keto diet probably is not your ideal diet, you can do, you can gain muscle. But if you're looking to maximize for a bodybuilder, it's probably not optimal. Because again, you're going to have a low glycogen stores and thus should performance. And that's been shown well in the literature. But I'm a proponent basically of the other macros alone, as long as you get your essential fats, your pinyin saturates. So your omega 6 or omega 3s, particularly important are your omega 3s, which are official oil, the flax seeds, and some seeds. But the real importance of these fats, or that, basically you'll make a 6 or omega 3, have this yinging-yang relationship for inflammatory, healthy inflammatory properties, and it's just harder to get your omega 3s, your omega 6 or more readily available in most foods. But anyway, I mean, if you get 20% of your calories from fat, or so, and that'll depend upon how many calories you're eating, the rest of the difference really is up to the person. For me, eating diet comes down to what hurts. You can tell someone what to eat if they don't want to eat that, and it's not within their tastes and their likes. It's not going to happen. So as they kind of go with a whole food diet for the most part, you can stick to 80% whole foods, and whether you want to eat more fats or carbs, kind of based it on your own preferences, and your own performance. If you see your performance sucks in the gym, and it's harder to gain muscle, well, you've got to decide if I really want to gain the muscle, maybe add in some carbs. Right. So let me ask a few other questions. I think these are valuable questions that have come up on a regular basis to me, so I'm not opposed to you, and then we'll go over to Greg and see who's listening live, and what questions are there. One of them is about kind of a spike in just the world around this blood flow restriction. What are some of the science behind it, and how on earth does that relate to personal trainers, or is that something that personal trainers can be familiar with, but never actually employ? Well, I think both. So I think it's both. I think certainly they should be familiar with whether they choose to employ it or not, it will be up to, is it essential? No. Can it be a tool? I always hate to use cliches like tool and the tool box, but I mean, you know, basically these are tools or exercises are tools, just like a carpenter uses hammer and a nail, we use exercises, and blood flow restriction training has some very interesting science behind it, and there's been a lot of work I've carried out. Collaborated and carried out a lot of work on this, we just published a paper on it's use bodybuilding, just an SCA journal, and I say on the SCA on this podcast. You can. I ascribe to their journal as well, so it's good. I think there are no, it's just published on the use for physique athletes, bodybuilders, but essentially, so there are some limitations for those who don't know what for a stretch and training is where you use a cuff and you put it proximal to the muscle. So basically it's only can only be used for the extremities, for the most part, so your arms and your legs, and if you'd want to, let's say get your biceps, you put it right at the deltoid level, and you would inflate the cuff, generally between 140 to 160 180mm of mercury, there is some research on how much pressure should be applied, that's still coming into play. But anyway, basically the idea is to cut off or to impede, I don't want to say to cut off some of it, to impede the arterial flow to the muscle, but I'm sorry, but I'll allow the arterial flow into the muscle, but impede the back flow. Yeah, the venus return. So basically it's a way of creating a pupsic environment in the muscle, and it's been shown to enhance hypertrophy similar to, so if you use very light modes, generally 20 to 30% of you want to RL, and there's evidence that using very light loads with this restriction is for 15 to 20 reps or so, can get you a hypertrophy similar to heavy load training. And why is that important? Well, I mean, first of all, they seem to have different mechanisms of play, and there is some evidence that you might be able to increase type 1, 5, or hypertrophy, basically type 2, and that might be beneficial, certainly for bodybuilders or to Z-gap weights, and perhaps for endurance athletes as well, that might be a plus. There also seems to be different mechanistic factors, so it's possible that combining blood flow or stretching training with traditional training might have a synergistic effect. And finally, it's a very nice strategy for injury. So if you can injured and you need to use lighter loads, without using a ton of reps, which can be for a lot of, let's say you can use light loads to failure at 40 reps. If you do blood flow or stretching training, you cut that down, let's say 15 to 20 reps. So basically cut it in half, and there were reps, and make it a lot more, or want to say, enjoy it. Well, but certainly less, so I guess the reason I was kind of concerned and drawing maybe a little trepidation leading into that is because I just don't want personal trainers to hear how beneficial it can be, and then just start turning, turning people's arms. And so there's actually been some new research showing that wrapping a turnic hit around the muscle probably, because yeah, it's hard to know exactly how much pressure to apply. And there was usually there was an old gauge that they used to say a paint tolerance of roughly a seven on the scale of 10. So if it's, if you feel like it's strangling you, that's a 10. And if you're, you don't feel anything that's a one, and you should be seven where it's somewhere in between, you know, you're feeling it. But the accuracy that has been question, the good thing is, is they now are having actual units that are being sold. And there are a couple of entrepreneurs, but so they're coming way down and cracks, the old cats who do the research, five thousand four dollars. But they now are selling these portable units. So there's a couple of companies just said, be one, I don't want to make this like it's a problem. But I mean, it worked very well. So I'm not going to mention their name, because I'm not looking, I'm not showing anything. But I will say people want to research it for our units out there. And they worked well. I mean, it basically would play it and it comes in on your own blood pressure and sets the pressure for you. I think the cell press was like a hundred and a hundred and a hundred dollars from something like that. So it's becoming much more feasible, point here is that it's becoming a lot more feasible through use in a personal training setting. All right. Right. By the way, another point that I should make is it also given our stuff. And definitely would would push trainers more towards the purchase of something like that versus grabbing some bands or tubing and trying to create turnicats. So I was probably a better way of gaging and something that I don't know if personal trainers consider as much as they should, which is our job ultimately is keeping people safe while exercising and providing results. So if you're not familiar with it, my suggestion is don't just go out there and start turnicating and restricting and potentially occluding blood flow. So I think that the science behind it's really good and you and several other people have done some brilliant stuff. But there are some wonderful machines and supporting tools that allow for people to employ such things, which I think is a good idea. What? We would done it. And I would go in. Oh, sorry. Go ahead. Can you hear me? Yeah. So I would say I was really stuck. But that's no different than you should be teaching or not you. But personal trainer should be teaching a squat or a deadlift or a Turkish get-up if they don't know how to perform it. So you never wanted to just say, all right, I hear about blood flow restrictions so I'm going to tie something on to someone. Yes, you need to do your intelligence anytime if you're a trainer. You are responsible for your client. And you need to use proper, a bubble, do no harm. So you need to use take off precautions and make sure that you're fully versed in what what it entails and how to go about using it before you employ that tool. Just like a carpenter is going to go use a save or saw if you doesn't have to use the save or so I would hope cut off his hand. That's a good analogy. I want to ask maybe just a couple more questions before we go to the people. One is just a can you just touch briefly on I had heard somebody say that time under tension is dead. Is that in a factor is that hyperbally? No, that's definitely hyperbally. I mean, so I don't even know what context I'm going to say that. What I would say is what I think is maybe and maybe this was the point but I think is more challenge is the question is there an ideal time under tension of a given set and I think that is much more in question. I think that the question then becomes, certainly there's a time under tension for a session from let's say a muscle group. But as I mentioned, let's say you're doing three reps. Okay, let's say you're doing the 3RM and that how long would that take to do with 3RM? 8 seconds, 10 seconds maybe? That versus a set of 12 reps. How long would that take? Well, let's say a 1, 2, 10, 4, 30 seconds, 35 seconds or so, 40 seconds, 34. So that's your range. But then one if you're doing 7 sets of 3. So that's your time under tension for that. So let's say if you do a 3 sets of 10, that's 90 seconds. If you're doing 7 sets of 3, let's say 10 sets. That's that rate sets of 3s, 80 seconds. You're going to get the same time under tension for that given exercise. And we actually have done work on that. My doctoral dissertation work was on that exact topic and we show no differences in my purchasing. So I think the question then becomes if you keep your muscles under tension for a given period of time for a given session, that really is probably more relevant. I do not think that there is a set should be looked at that you have an ideal time under tension for a given set. And also the lighter loads, the time under tension of your first wrap, let's say let's say you're doing 30 reps versus 10 reps. Well the first rep of a 10RM is going to be a lot more taxing if you will than the first rep of a 30RM, right? The first rep of a 30RM, you don't even basically feel what you're lifting. So the time under tension again is not really relevant in that respect because you're not equating the actual tension. You're just equating a time that the muscles, but what is the actual quality of the tension? So it's more new on, again, these are my signals. People tend to oversimplify these types of things when they're much more nuanced. We need to, I think one of the issues in fitness is everyone wants the buzz term, like time under tension is a cool buzz term and an easy concept to understand, but no one wants to dig into the details and really explore the nuances that are critical to making determinations. Thank you for that. That provides quite a bit of clarity. I think I have one more question and then I'd like for if you've got time, then let's have Greg read some some questions. But I want to talk to you and we, we talk about this a little bit, but coming from you, I think it would be valuable. Linear versus undulating versus any other types of periodization regarding high purge, what are some of the best results that are seen? Yeah, I mean, if you're asking that research, very little research on that, and very little evidence that will disappear to them. There might be, we just have no evidence of it. And I tend to not really look at those terms what I would say is, if you're looking through to use periodization for optimizing high purge if you're let's say a bodybuilding or physique show, you obviously want to do a reverse linear, because you don't want to end with a power phase if you're going to maximize high purge. So just the placement of it, is it superior in the overall context? Well, I mean, it would depend when you're measurement is, but if you're measuring high purge at the end of the strength phase, it would not be tempting that we superior. So I would say that the purgeization is a concept, not a defined way of going about things. Like people talk about purgeization is that there's one way to purge that's a reverse purgeization would just mean that you're putting that I purge key phase at the end rather than at the beginning, the traditional purgeization, but I would say that there's a gazillion different ways, that's an actual word, to carry out purgeization and really the way you go about planning, because purgeization was basically structured planning, systematic way of planning your sessions. How you go about planning can be done in so many different ways and there's many different ways to optimize search. So we do not have literature on purgeization in general, or certainly for hypertrophy, so I couldn't give an evidence-based answer, since which you're here. Thank you. All right, well, I appreciate that. I appreciate it. Let's go to Greg, are there any questions that have popped up from the listeners of that regarding our subject today for Brad? Yeah, you guys answered a lot of them, but there was one in particular from fitness beta. Brad mentioned various ways of gaining muscle all the way from the low to high reps spectrum. Is there a similar part of time here? Can you? Yeah. Can you guys hear me out? Is that better? Better? Better. Come here. So Brad mentioned earlier, if we're gaining muscle all the way from the way to low to high reps is there a certain way for different populations. I mean, an athlete versus someone is looking to plead their goal. Do you hear Nick? I couldn't make it. Yeah, I was having hard time hearing from from the beginning of the call, so I missed most of that. Here's a lot of high muscle anatomy, but I wasn't sure the specifics of that. Yeah, and Greg, if you want to text to me that question or hold it up, and I can go another direction with this and then we'll still get it. And if you have some follow-up questions with that, hey Brad, so one of the questions I have is kind of interesting is that I do think there's probably a certain rep range where type two muscle fibers are certainly more engaged. And these kind of hyper-traffic ranges that can go from whatever these kind of six reps to 40 reps that we had talked about before, certainly don't involve those muscle fibers as much. So when we get into a hyper-terfee, are we seeing in these rep ranges mostly type one muscle fibers or are they type two muscle fibers as we get closer to fatigue where the other muscle fibers jump in? What's going on there? So it's interesting to ask that the literature has been somewhat mixed on that topic. Some of there are some studies that do show fiber types specific differences with your type one fibers being or preferential to high-rept training and you type two to lower-rept training. Others have not shown that and we just carried out a study that we did not look at fiber types per se. It was just published a couple days ago. But we looked at the solace muscle versus the gastroch. And what we showed was that the solace and gastroch, solace is a slow-troch muscle. 80% slow-troch fibers did not respond differently to high-breths as low-rept training, which you would figure if there was this, then it would have a better response to higher reps. So it still remains questionable, but I'm becoming more skeptical. Yeah. Does it, does it, and do you have another question? Yeah, I'm getting this one from Greg. I'm downloading the question right now, but it is taking a moment. So what I assume is happening, Brad, is that in order to keep my children quiet and our partner. So we have every single kid on a device right now and I have three of them and I'm sure my wife is on a device as well. It's taken a little bit longer from me to download this material. But the question is coming in. Sorry, Greg. Oh, one of the questions that I wanted to ask is a few seconds away. Is this this idea, as you know, I'm a relative fan of recovery. And there's this concept of supercompensation where you work out and then you go into this catabolic state and you go above your kind of regular homeostatic training state into this anabolic state that goes above. And it's, I don't know, it seems to be theoretical, but it also seems to make a great deal of concern. How valuable is the recovery that people do and how valuable is it that they get that work out and kind of at the peak of that anabolic state? Well, so the first question I'll cover is here, which is obviously if you're under a covered, you're going to not grow properly. As to what constitutes optimal recovery is a very lucid question. And I think that that there's so many factors that go into it, both genetic, combination of genetics and lifestyle and age is going to enter into it as well. So I can't give you a one-size-fits-all answer to that just to say that recovery is extremely important. And I don't think we also can look at it as a one answer in terms of that this is the way to be across the training protocol because you can look at it in blocks. There can be periods where you are over, you are under-recovered, but it actually potentially can promote greater supercompensation. Let's say you're, you put your body over stress it for a very, let's say a week or two weeks. You might be able to go under-recovered, but spur over compensation, supercompensation. So those are things that we, we're spending more insights into. Yeah, yeah, I'm here. Sorry, just cut out from moment. I've got the question Gen, that Greg sent. So, and we'll do this one. It's a Brad mentioned various ways of gaining muscle all the way from the low to high-rept spectrum. Is there a certain way that is better for different populations, for instance, that athlete versus someone who's looking to improve their health. I'll also add in there is there a difference between a male and a female, like, it comes to high-perch beach for a kind of reps game. I would not necessarily say, let's say we're talking in athlete, probably the high-perch of fiaspect would not be as relevant there, but certainly the principles specificity of training with high-reps for a endurance muscle endurance athlete. So if you let's say you're a role, let's say you do crew where you're looking for muscle local endurance, I'm not talking cardiovascular endurance, but local muscle endurance of the, let's say upper extremities using a higher rep range would potentially help in that respect. Whereas if you are a shot-bother doing heavy-erloads and more explosive training with some lighter loads, also would be more beneficial for that. In doing 20, 30 reps as a power lifter, certainly, or as a shot-bother doesn't make a lot of sense. From a health perspective, I don't think we can say that one necessarily has a better health outcome than another. I would just say that for those who let's say have osteoarthritis, it would be a benefit to use lighter loads in general, that you're going to put less joint stress on, and just in general, I think using these mixing in some of the lighter loads will facilitate recovery. So recovery of joints, not normal, but joint related recovery, and thus I would say that at the very least, even with what's a power lifters, mixing in what I would call du load type phases with higher reps would be a smart choice. Okay. All right, Greg, do we have any other questions that are coming out? And Brad, I'm sorry, I want to respect your time, too. Let's do this. I do have a question for you. How during this time has school been working and still going on for you, or you still teaching classes online, is that still happening? So all our courses have shifted to an online format, which is challenging, because we went from a purely, we integrate online content throughout the semester, but it's basically an important class course loan, and see how they've all shifted to online, which is stressful for the professor, as well as the students. So it's been challenging, but we're getting through it, and also my research, and the interpersonal research has come to a grinding hole. So I have a study that was halfway through, and we had to basically the entire study was ditched, it was 500. Five hands. There's a work loss. That didn't even do anything about that. What I would say is that many others are going through a lot worse than I, so I do have perspective on this, and I am thankful for what I have at least, and I'm very sober, it is to what's going on in the world. I'll get through it. It's challenging forever. It is indeed, well, I want to say thank you. I know that you're probably spending a lot of time learning new skillsets, like video editing, and screen recording, and things like that. So thank you. I hope the best for all the students at Lehman College that you're able to still get their heads filled with all the knowledge that you've got, and your muscles fill the arc of ears they can fit in there. So I'm going to do again a shout out to at least one of your books that I have, the science and development of muscle hypertrophy. Excellent book, great research, if is there a way that people can follow you contact reach out at social handles, anything like that you'd like to share? Yeah, I'm in a more social and personal. The textbook you're talking about the second edition, it will just, I just got my advice copy, but it will come out next month. So the second edition was over four years since I came out, but yeah, check that one out. And I'm all about social media. Insta you could just search for me on Instagram or Facebook or Twitter or the three that I use. If you Google me or if you search for me on any of the platforms, you'll find me. All right, if we look for you, we'll find you. Dr. Bradshaw and felt, thank you so much for your time, your knowledge, your expertise, and for sharing that with us. I appreciate it. Again, thank you for listening. My name is Rick Richie, and this is the NASM CT podcast. My pleasure.