Hello everybody, I'm Morty Miller, Director of Education Training for Technology of North America, and I've been a regional master instructor for the National Academy of Sports Medicine for the last 15 years. And today I'm so excited to bring these two amazing companies together in this webinar and discuss the concept of exercise versus trainings. As we go through, feel free to send questions into the chat box and we'll be sure to either answer me at the end or again, I can always reach out to you and answer your questions individually. So just a little bit about me, I've been with TechnoJum in this role now since the beginning of 2018. I have, you know, 20 years plus experience in sports medicine, performance enhancement, injury prevention, as well as working in the educational curriculum development field. I have an undergrad sports medicine from Kinesh's College, I'm a licensed athletic trainer, and I earn my master as an exercise science and injury prevention from California University of Pennsylvania, and then I receive my doctor and health sciences from A.T. still University in Mesa, Arizona. So I'm really looking forward to, you know, use my years of experience in the industry as in the fitness industry as well now working for TechnoJum to go over this really fun concept of exercise versus training. So as we move into the webinar here, you're going to see some major concepts. So having my background in sports medicine working with the athletes twice, you know, it's, I've got the privilege to work with some of the greatest minds in sports science. And what I've always learned is a lot of the things that we see in the fitness industry because I've spent a lot of my time in the fitness industry is the trends, the fads, the research, most of it, or a lot of it will stem from what happens with the lead athletes. And that is the amazing thing about being with TechnoJum is being a worldwide leader in sports training and innovation. You'll see some other slides here in a little bit about our partnerships. We really get in touch with the world's greatest coaches. And we see what's going on in sports medicine and performances in the hands meant and can bring that into the fitness industry. So these scientific advancements lead to a large body research that, again, will show us best practices in how to create specific training outcomes in key physiological capacities. And the ones we're going to cover today are power, agility, speed, and stamina. We know athletes utilize training programs to ensure that they achieve very specific results. And what I see in the fitness industry is all too often, people just engage in an exercise program and we'll spell out the definition here in a little bit. And they're less focused on the science and they're just focused on burning calories or just creating very fun and engaging workouts. And there's nothing wrong with that. But we want to make sure that people get the best outcomes we want to make sure that the science is there. So those are the key points that we're going to talk about in today's webinar. Now, for all of you that are on the webinar from NASM, you guys know the model. We'll review that briefly as we go through. And we're just going to again define the definitions of exercise, verse, train. And so some practical applications. So as we move forward, we're going to go into the next slide. So let's just talk about the definitions. Now, if you look these up, there are four of the needs that you'll see in the literature or out there on exercise and training. So these were two that I grabbed. And I'm just going to say right off about these are the ones that I like to use. There's more and you might find a different definition that you like to use. But for the sake of the webinars, we move forward so there's some common ground. Exercise or an exercise program will be an activity requiring physical effort carried out to sustain or improve health and fitness. Where if you see the definition of training, training is teaching or developing oneself or others any skills in knowledge or fitness that relates to specific useful competency. So I'm going to pause here and that's why I highlighted it. You see that it's a more specific definition and that even in the definition, the word specific is there. Specific useful competencies. Training has specific goals of improving your on's capability, capacity, productivity and performance. So why we pause here for a minute? Think about what goes on and not saying how you work with your clients. I'm thinking about the fitness industry as a whole. I was in the gym this morning, working out and I had my various specific training program. I knew exactly what I was working on. What capacities I was working on, how I wanted to work on my human movement and what physiological capacities and what phases of training I was in. And as I watched around the rest of the gym, I saw people putting in effort, burning calories, but I saw bad movement patterns. I saw, well, that might be a stabilization exercise. They might be working on stamina, but now they just went over to power. And I'm not there to criticize anybody because clearly we are the exercise professionals and without our help, how would people know how to maneuver through a program on their own. Just like I hire professionals all the time. I go to doctors, I have lawyers, I have other people, accounts that help me. It varies specifically because I don't have the expertise they do. However, in our industry, what I have found is anyone can participate in our industry. And sometimes they'll stumble into good results. Maybe they have great genetics. Maybe they just work hard enough and they burn enough calories and maybe they've got the DNA to put on muscle mass. So all of a sudden now, maybe they are knowledge in their mind is a little more than what we as professionals would say. Not knocking it by any means. I want people out in the gym. I want people working hard. My main goal, though, is an athletic trainer going back to my original background is first, do no harm. As a medical professional, we want people never to get hurt as we work with them. That's the first goal. So as I see people on the fitness industry going through exercise programs all too often, I see them putting in more effort, maybe than they need to to get those results. We're accepting maybe soreness in injury as a part of what it's like to work out. So we want to go through some of those thought processes in challenge you and anyone else say am I on an exercise program or am I a very specific training program as you'll see here for specific competencies and specific goals of improving one's capability, capacity, productivity and performance. Yeah, does it mean an exercise program? Well that's more fun than a training program. We're only going to go through the science on what would you know, response? However, how you make it engaging with the atmosphere, you can still make it very, very fun and enjoyable. So don't think that as you're training people, you have to take away some of the entertainment factor that people might use our services for to get through their workouts as well. So as we slide forward here, we'll continue on talking about these concepts. So one of the concepts that I want to talk about is where did all this come from? So any SMU guys all know everything's evidence based. It's all been researched. Now from the TechNudgeon standpoint, we're based out at Chasane Italy. We were founded in 1983 by Mr. Neary Allis Andriy. He still has the same passion he did back then to move this company forward as a thought leader worldwide. We are so privileged that for myself, I get to work for a company that has been chosen to be the sole provider equipment for soon to be the last angelant games. We're ready to go to Tokyo this year, but obviously with this unique timeframe, everything's been delayed to 2021. And now, I'll pause. Think about the training that now has to shift in those elite athletes. They have to now look at a whole mother 12 month cycle on how they're going to prep themselves to be ready for those Olympic trials if they still have to qualify or the Olympics themselves. They're not exercising. They're training. So the reason why I like to highlight this from a TechNudgeon standpoint is one, TechNudgeon was chosen because of what we are as a company, the research and engineering that goes behind it. But the beauty behind this is TechNudgeon utilized the last seven Olympic games is the best case study in human performance. You have male athletes, female athletes, power athletes, endurance athletes. And you have some of the greatest or most of the greatest coaches worldwide all in one area for short period of time. So TechNudgeon has leveraged this knowledge and partnership to create amazing equipment, but also amazing training solutions. So just as we go through this, you can think about how an athlete would train to prep. And this is a very unique time right now. If you follow sports, you probably heard about the NBA. They're trying to figure out, well, when would we start? How do we let our athletes prepare? Same thing with the NHL. How would we now allow them to get prepared to compete again? So time for the right training adaptations to peak at the right period of time. So we'll slide forward here into the next slide. And one thing that I always like to talk about with everybody I've ever trained is everybody is an athlete. Real brief lab worked with professional sports twice and it was both times in professional baseball. And then I worked in different levels, different parts of fitness mainly primarily in the private country club market. So I had a lot of, let's call them senior athletes that would play golf, tennis and things like that. And one time I would ask the question, one of my coaching club's, just after I had left professional sports again. My good friend, Jay. He asked me, he goes, how do you train us differently? Now that you're not training a lead athletes? And it took me a half second. I said, I don't train you any differently. And at first he gave me, I looked like, okay, you don't need to be polite. I know my member. But seriously, how do you train us differently? And I said, I don't train you differently. I said, Jay, you're an athlete. You've got the same muscles, same bones. Move the same planes of motion. And you have the same human capacities. Power, agility, speed, stamina. Your capacity. Let's look at that. They're there. For ability to maximize those capacities, like an elite athlete. Yes, it's different. I know I'm not going to be as powerful or as fast as some of the people I've ever had the provisive to train. But that doesn't mean I wouldn't train myself in a program that would elicit my best responses within those capacities. So we're always encouraging people to free the athlete within. And when you look at the NESM OPPT model, that's exactly where was designed by Dr. Mike Clark for elite sports performance in injury prevention and performance enhancement. And it was a progressive model that made people move better, put them through the right amount of stabilization. So they had that foundation to move under load better in the strength phases and then move better at high speed in the power phase. That's why, again, I love our partnership together with NESM and TechnoGym because we're thinking the exact same way. It's how do we apply the world's greatest science to what we do as a company? So when it's challenged, you all to get your members' clients to free the athlete within. So now we're going to move into the. So again, when we look at from my my merely a cardiovascular standpoint or sports performance standpoint, we have the pillars. We have speed, power, agility, and stamina. And every elite athlete in their coaches will focus on these four pillars. Now the foundation you see there is fundamental proper human movement, flexibility, strength, stability, right? That's the that's the in NESM terms. That's the stabilization and or combination of corrective exercise. Then we can port in the performance metrics of these other pillars. Now what I like to say is in my house, I am not the cook. My wife is a far greater cook than I am. And one night you during this pandemic, we were I was home and I said, hey, I got done with work earlier. Can I help you out with cooking? And she goes, yeah, and I said, can you provide me the recipe? You know, I didn't say quite that way, but I was like, can you tell me what you want me to do? And she goes, do this, this and this and I said, let me make sure I got this. You want me to do this, this amount of this, this amount of that, this temperature for this. Yeah, I followed those exact instructions to the tea because I'm not trained. I followed the instructions she gave me. I didn't go off those instructions. And guess what I got, she was very impressed with the way the dinner came out. And the reason I bring that up is in fitness and sports performance, there is the recipe to develop speed. We know the science. There's the recipe to develop power, agility and stamina. And if you follow those recipes, just like if you go through the different phases of training, that's your recipe. You follow it. You're going to get great outcomes. But if you don't follow, you start throwing a bunch of things in, like if I changed her recipe in the kitchen, it wouldn't have been what she asked me to do. And it could have maybe been better. But probably I wouldn't have gotten this good and desired of an outcome because I'm not trained to make those adjustments. So when you look at these pillars, whether you work with the world's greatest coaches, like we have any Olympics, when you follow your OPT evidence-based model, your recipe to achieve those adaptations are there. That's a training program. Exercise is when you see a bunch of things thrown together. And yes, it's human movement. Yes, you can accidentally improve some of these capacities. And then yes, you can burn calories and get leaner and things like that. But what if you follow the recipe more specifically? Yeah, you can't argue the game you got. But we could argue you might have gotten better games. Quicker, safer, more effectively. So we're not again, not asking you to have fun in your workouts, not get creative, and not make it enjoyable and challenging appropriately. Just understand the science of the science and your recipes are there for these four pillars. And everybody you work with, regardless of age, can improve these capacities within their abilities. So we'll go to the next slide here and we'll continue that. So I love this slide because you'll see here training outcomes. It says before training program, but you could also put exercise program there. And then you see to the right after a training program. So I put the four pillars in there that we're going to talk about, speed agility, stamina, and power. And again, from an NASM standpoint, you could put in stabilization, strength, strength, endurance, max, strength, power. Right? There's a lot of things that could make up this diagram. So there could be people that are very, very fit, but maybe they know one form of exercise or they have something they prefer. It's not well rounded. We want everyone to be well rounded, even the world's greatest athletes that are sprinters. They train in other pillars as well. Yes, they may have a primary focus, trust me. They're not just doing one phase of training 52 weeks a year. So before training program, some of them might be shifted and they might be really really good at that or they may be shifted towards that and they're still deconditioned. Again, that is up individual by individual. But after a training program, we want to see a more well rounded program and you can see that in the diagram in the right. Want to know the left. Now, this is just a quick visualization. So we've got 1.2 there is the high for speed. Maybe this is me. Maybe I've worked as hard as I can at my current abilities in that capacity and that's me towards my best. Now you take a sprinter like Michael Johnson at his heyday. We've got a great relationship with Michael Johnson. No way, whatever ever come near his max capacity, right? Or inability. His would be off the chart. So we're not trying to compare me versus a world class sprinter. We're trying to compare me towards what is my best outcome and can I get towards maximizing that. So that's why I like this diagram. I mean, all of you that are any of some certified and other fitness professionals, you understand that's why we do the assessments to get that baseline. So we understand someone starting point and how we progress. And if we're assessing now, it gives us the answers to what we need to put in to get them towards their peak. So again, we'll move forward here. Now one of the things I like to do and again, this is just assessment. So for technology and we have our skill line, there's four pieces, the skill run I put in here for this demonstration. We have our skill mill, which is our curve non-motorized. The skill bike has all these have multi-drive, which creates a magnetic resistance. Can emulate 15 degree incline to 3 degree decline. And then our skill row, again, traditional rower, then has the multi-drive. So I can take it right from cardio to power. So that's how the skill line was born. Is Ken, technology and challenge themselves. Can they create a cardio of AsteroLine that seamlessly transitions right from traditional cardio or stamina and immediately to power. So all the four skill pieces have multi-drive technology that allow that seamless transition. But also you can test your agility, your speed. So what I've come up with on the pieces is assessments. Now there are some embedded in each piece. But assessments where each pillar can be challenged and tested. So I can motivate people. I can have a challenge at month okay guys. I want everyone's top speed on the skill bike or a bike. Because that's something everyone can achieve right? You don't have to be as fit to do top end speed on a bike. It's your top end speed under control. And then you track it over a month and you're working that whole month on speed development. Or speak on the row, our skill row. Could be how many strokes per minute for 100 meters. Lot of cool ways to gamify it to create assessments, to create challenges, to motivate people. Feel free to have a leader board. Because again, if I'm assessing these things and creating the right training programs, everyone's going to improve over that period of time. So that's just the kind of what we're looking at with our skill line combined. So as we move forward, we'll continue on. So this here now is an exercise training outcome. So this is my data just to give us that's why I can share it. So we have a three minute power test on our skill bike. Very challenging. My cardio is good, but I knew it was his cycling. So there was a specific muscle adaptation that I had to get used to in a training outcome where I was doing more boxing, kickboxing and running and rowing for my cardio. So this was something that I really wanted to get better at. So you can see from March through the May, you can see there was an over 10% increase in the VO2 max, estimated VO2 max. On this power test, my power went from 557 to 628. So a nice increase there. So again, you can look at different things here. The power to weight ratio improved. Fatigue index went up because I hit a higher total peak power. So again, there's a lot of data there. But the key thing here is that it's just getting on my skill bike and pedaling. I'm testing myself monthly and it's actually today's the day guys, which would be good luck. I got to do this test again today or tomorrow to see how my last month the training went. And I should have done it before the webinar to give you one more row of data. But see, this is again taking exercise versus training and looking at the difference. So we'll slide forward here in the next slide. So another amazing test that I love is the Tech New Gym Max power test. So this is our skill run. Motorized non-motorized child melt. So pushing a sled is phenomenal. You may use it in your gym now and a traditional sled or you may have access to the skill run or even the skill mill with has the handles with the magnetic resistance. The key thing here is when you look at a sled push, it's a very, very safe power assessment for everybody. Not everyone can do plyometrics. Not everyone can do some of these other more advanced power techniques. But when you're looking at a sled push, your feet are always in contact with the ground. So a lot safer to do sled pushing. And then again, let's not do it just to burn calories. Let's do it for specific outcomes. So you're going to see here in the next slide that we have a very specific form that is utilized on our skill run to determine someone's max power. So this is embedded into the skill run. There's a proper warmup and there's a three minute walking recovery in between sled pushes. Males get 50, 70, the 90% of their body weight, females get 40, 60, the 80% of their body weight for 15 meters or 17 yards. At one of those three sled pushes, you will get your peak wattage. All right? Because it's going to be how fast versus the resistance. So I can't tell you it's always going to be in the third push. It depends on each person's individual abilities. But the beautiful thing here is it's reproducible. I can do something with the results. And the results will give me peak wattage. So you can have, again, a contest in your facility who's got the peak wattage. But let's say I'm 170 pounds and I'm competing against a guy 240. Clearly, he's going to have a huge advantage at the same thing with Males versus female. But what you'll find is you can develop peak wattage per pound of body weight. So now you can level the playing field. And again, I can use this before someone signs up for a six week program with me as a fitness professional. I can do this as an assessment. And then do it again at the end of the six weeks to say, look at you made a 38% gain in your power. Or a lot of different ways to do it. But again, this is taking it into a training outcome. Let's just push the sled and push it from there to there and get your heart rate up. So we're going to take a little more training specific. So we'll move into the next slide here. Another beautiful thing about what Technogim has developed. And again, you guys all know this if you're in a some certified about what's going on right versus left. We know about that from the asymmetrical shifts and watching people move. Well, this takes it now and allows you to use that same information. But look at when people are running. We have biofeedback in our skill run. So the beautiful thing about this is we always want outdoor running enthusiasts to continue to run outdoors. But the skill run is the only indoor treadmill that outdoor running enthusiasts must come in and train on because now I can measure you under fatigue. I can measure you in different environments and see how efficient of a runner you are. High level runners, if there's any of you on the on the webinar, you all know this that I can run at eight miles an hour and have different cadences or strides per minute. And if I have a very or a lower strides per minute, that means I'm overstriding. And now I'm landing with my lead leg out in front of me, which means I'm actually deselerating every time I hit the ground and all that resistance or the force comes back through my kinetic chain. So this outside of all of you from any of some know the anterior tip and the posterior tip and the glutes and why they need to be firing at the right time. But even if they're looking good on a movement assessment, but have bad running efficiency, there's only so much that the anterior tip and posterior tip and glute media is can do. When you're increasing all that force through the kinetic chain, so we blend these two together, get them to move well, get them to a run well. Now you've got something there to improve their performance. So this will measure your strides per minute. This will measure your ground contact time, flight time, the propulsion time, but it'll also give you right versus left leg ground contact time and stride length. And I really like to do this with the lead runners under fatigue because they might be able to do the first five minutes, 10 minutes, whatever, fine. But then all of a sudden they start to break down or at a slight incline or a slight decline because now they have to decelerate themselves. So again, just grabbing that data, using it to create a training program to improve their performance. So we'll move here to the next slide. Now with that again, assessments are great, but if you don't know what to do with them, then sometimes you won't get the best outcome. So embedded into it is a cadence training program in the skill run. So now you can get people on and get them to become a more efficient runner. So there's basically a running coach embedded in the skill run for you. It's going to evaluate your running for a few minutes and then give you suggestions on what stride pay, you should be running at versus the speed. So now you can really improve in your running efficiency. We'll move already again. I love this slide here. This shows a workout, the same individual in one week. He did four different workouts. He's conditioned, but you'll see he did a stamina workout, the agility workout, the speed workout, and a power workout. And you'll see the heart rate variation. So once again, even though people may love to do stamina or love to do power, we're not going to get into the physiological differences of what goes on in the body for the heart and the cardiovascular system during these different type of workouts, but you can see the heart rate response differently. So again, it's important to be able to just like you do in the OPPT model, ongulate their program, go from stabilization to strength and there's a couple of different levels of course in power. Same thing with our cardio. There's time to do stamina. There's time to do agility. There's time to do speed. There's time to do power. What's appropriate for that individual is well as what their training goals are. So again, just a nice visualization here so you can see the different heart rate responses. So we're going to slide forward here. This is just an example of now going from cardio, a vascular, into resistance training. Once again, when you look at the NES and model, you know that there's different times under tension, there's different tempos. So when you look at what technology does, we have a very unique piece of equipment, or in the circuit called biosurke, that will provide different resistance profiles depending on the person's goals. And it's all done from a very unique advanced motor. We actually partnered in patent to have a working relationship with NASA. So they get to use this amazing piece of equipment outer space. We get to use it here on planet Earth. But the motor provides the resistance, but it provides it specifically on the individual training goal set forth by that person's fitness professional. So we have a different program that will reduce the e-centric, right? Someone newer to resistance training. We don't want that delayed onset of muscle sornus. We have the second one that you'll see the with the green work or comes up gradually. So the second one on the left is it's a gradual increase in resistance. So it takes away the initial inertia. Someone who may have a little stress in their joints. Anytime you start from a dead stop, there's more stress in the joints. So it allows you to gradually build in. And then there's a spotter. So all of a sudden at 50% if you're fatigue drops the weight. So again, work on very specific training outcomes. Then if we want to burn more calories with resistance training, we know we need to get more repetitions in that time that we're going to allow someone to work out. So it's a one-to-one concentric to e-centric and they pick up the tempo a little bit. Then the top on the right side of the screen here, you'll see where they add e-centric load. Because there's a time where we want to do more negative work. Again, it has the spotter there in case they get fatigued. And the last one you see on the right is a viscous response, explosive. Each repetition might be different because it depends how much energy I put in. So once again, there's different training outcomes based on the person's abilities and what phase of training they're in. They're not just exercising by picking up weights and not focusing on their tempo and what part of the muscle contraction spectrum is the most important and appropriate. So again, this is why these two companies match the DNA and the science so well. So I just thought this was kind of an interesting slide to discuss. So we'll move forward again. Now as an athletic trainer, I'm going to come back this. I mentioned at the very beginning, I got into this career because I wanted to hang out with athletes and work with athletes because my ability was a dominant college. That's the the maximum I could play. And I figured, okay, great career athletic trainer. Now I want to bring this up. So we look at the far left. We cannot prevent collision injuries. Now I'm not saying that that's what this is. It's just an image I use. I don't know what you know, he could have pulled a hamstring, could have pulled a groin, could have done anything. But let's just assume the individual on the left there was a collision. That could happen. You know, we can't prevent that. Then if we slide over to the image on the right, let's assume that this person, she's playing lacrosse and she's running and she's like, you know what? My knees have been bothering me. I just need to shut it down. Maybe a longer term over U-s injury. And then we have the individual here in the center who momentarily, his facial expression will change. I'm sure as we see that quick change of direction type of desoloration injury. So the reason I bring this up is we do not play sports because they're good for us. I don't care. I've had this conversation with many people. My live workshops. I'm like, name you sport this good for us orthopedically. And they'll say swimming. I said, I've dealt with collegiate swimmers. They're low back. They're neck. They're shoulders. Trust me. They're knee, during different kicks because it's repetitive. All of you here through the NSM that came through that curriculum, you understand proper biomechanics. You understand how the body can accept load the best. That doesn't mean that that's what happens in sports. So that's why I thought a trainer's physical therapist have these jobs because our job is to hopefully and corrective exercise specialists in all of you get people moving well so they can handle demands of sports. But at some point they could overload themselves and that's what we come in for. But as we've seen in the fitness industry now sport has become a part of fitness. So we just need to decide what's our goal? Is our goal fitness where we want people that just want to get in shape safely and they're not trying to be competitive or does somebody want to compete in a sport or the sport of fitness and what's our roles and responsibility from a training standpoint. So we'll continue on with this concept. We'll move forward here. So sport is an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another for entertainment. Nothing wrong with sport. That's that was my first career. I love it. I still as much as I can do mixed martial arts. I don't do it because it's good from your orthopedically. I do it because it's time for me to clear my mind. I enjoy the skill of it. I enjoy being around the people that haven't passion for it. Never going to stop doing it. So if you were training me and said, Marty, it's not safe for you to do it. I would go higher another trainer. Your job is to get me moving as well as possible so I can handle the demands of my sport. So same thing here whether it's any of these sports now that compete in the sport of fitness our job is to get them on training programs to give them the best chance to succeed in their sport. Whether it's running long distances, whether it's sprinters, whether it's people doing the new things that you see in the fitness industry. But again, be understanding that people will do things in sport that may not be safe. So we got to navigate sport versus fitness and what's our roles and responsibilities. And one of the things that always got me early on and again, I don't blame novice people that aren't, you know, don't study what we study. They would come to say, I'm going to train with you, but I'm going to run for a while and get in shape before I want to train. And I'd say, well, you're going to run. And I said, you just admitted you're not in great shape. They're going to run to get in shape. Remember guys, we and guys, we never play a sport to get in shape. We get in shape to play a sport. I'm sure all of you know that, right? So I would get, I would talk to the people that want to run. Okay, you know, let's get you at least, let me show you at least a corrective exercise program in some stabilization work and some walking to running progressions before you just go run. Because the last thing we want is people to have these overuse injuries by doing a sport to get in shape. And that's why I lead athletes to have a team of people like myself and others around them all the time to get them in shape. So let's carry that into the fitness industry as well. So we'll continue moving on here with this concept. So going back to athletic trainers, this is where sports and medicine me. That's why it's sports medicine and some interesting statistics. In other words, half of the running population gets injured in some way every year. And this estimate may be very much on the low side. I think we all probably have some experience with that. And the literature varies from 2.5 to 12.1 injuries per thousand hours of running. Most running injuries are lower extremity injuries with the predominance for the knee. And then obviously foot and ankle and low back and hip is are in there as well. So once again, we could get in there with our runners that maybe don't come into the gym. Maybe they think running is enough. But think about how much work we could do with them from stabilization, corrective exercise and getting their core and glutes the fire and going back to a relationship we had with Michael Johnson interesting is statistic they brought up. There's more core activation during sprinting than during planks. It makes total sense. If I'm rotating my arms and legs at top speed, where is everything connected is to the core. So again, we have to get in shape through training programs to start participating in our sports. So move forward here. So again, looking at movements versus muscles, I never train a muscle. I might turn a muscle. I might tell somebody, okay, we're going to do a core exercise or a back exercise or a leg exercise because I'm speaking to somebody that may not have the understanding if I can went more technical. But all of us here train movement patterns. And if you look at movement patterns, you're going to see some similarities. So one of the major movement patterns we should all be training is triple flexion, triple extension. So you can see that that matters for sprinting. You can see that matters for dead lifting, squatting, all these other things. And what I always found interesting when we're training these, just like anything else, there should always be what's my next most logical progression. And what I see in exercise programs, sometimes I see a lunge, sometimes I see a squat, sometimes I see a jump, sometimes I see a single leg and I'm like, whoa, wait a minute, there is a way to stack these in order. So from a triple flexion, a triple extension standpoint, forget load right now, okay, it doesn't matter what phase of training you're in. You need to learn how to squat properly first. Why does base to support teaching people the proper mechanics from triple flexion to triple extension? Then you would do a step up because you can do a very small step up, right, two inches, four inches, six inches. Learning to transition that triple flexion to triple extension towards one leg, then we'd get into lunges, then we'd get into the single leg squats. That can all be done in stabilization, then sure, if you want to load them in the progressive strength, go back to a squat, go back to a step up, then go to the lunges, and go to a single squat, then if you go to power, you're going to start the exact same way again. We're training movement patterns. So by the time they get to sprinting, and dead, they're thinking all that, that pattern is so ingrained in their head, they know how to do it, and then they can do it under load and they can do it explosively. That's creating a training progression instead of, all right, today we're going to do lunges. Not saying that you're not going to learn calories, not saying you're not going to activate muscles, but we're just trying to hammer down that training principle. So let's move forward again here. So going back to the OPT model in these different planes in motion, so if I was going to draw up a purenessation plan, first we're going to go through stabilization. We're going to start in the saggy plane because that's the most common for people. So saggy planes, your flexion extension exercises. Now I'm not talking about machines here, leg extension leg curl, yes there are machines named that, but that's, I'm just giving you saggy plane motions. Squat, bicep curl, tricep extension. Then frontal plane is Ab and Abduction. lateral raises, Ab and Abduction for the lower body. And then transverse plane motion is internal excermitation, trunk rotation, shoulder internal excermitation, hip internal excermitation. So when you combine for the squat, step up the lawn is a single x-quat, through the three different phases, through the entire OPT model, there is a very large framework or matrix for your yearly programming. So I'll just give squat for example, people like, well, to say that to plane exercise, what do you mean frontal plane? I can squat in the frontal plane. I can take a step to my right squat, come back up, take a step to my left squat. I added a frontal plane component. So I have to control that frontal plane as I go in and out of the squat. And then I can turn 90 degrees and do that same squat again. So I can do that with all my exercises, almost all, and go through the squat to step up to lunge the single x-quat, saggy, frontal transverse and other progressions, then stabilization strength power. There is your large programming. Again, then you add in the engagement, the coaching style, the fun, the facility that you have to make it fun and engaging. Your clients don't need to know how much training progressions are on. They won't know just an exercise or training. They're just going to know amazing results. But it gives you the ability to over a course of a year to know exactly what's next for your clients and or groups that you might be working with. So as we wind down here, again, I could have spent hours on each one of these, but the next slide kind of sums this up kind of in a nutshell. What we're looking for is we're looking for training programs. We want people to train smarter, not just harder. And one of the concepts I think that really brings this home, I've had this conversation with elite athletes and I've had it with my country club athletes that are in their 70s. And I had a female member at a country club that was a dynamite. She went through all three phases of training. She didn't really understand that I had progressed because she didn't care to know. I would have been more than happy to educate her. She's like, Marda, I trust to just tell me what's next. So one day she comes up to me, she goes, I gotta tell you Marda, she goes, we need to do something different. I said, what do you mean? She goes, I've never been sore. She goes, I'm just, we're just not working hard enough. I said, well, can you tell me why you think that first before I give you my response? She said, well, I've got to be sore. She goes, we're not doing enough. I said, okay, I said, can we take a look back at your last six months of training and I gave her all of our assessments and went back to all the assessments that did in shoulder, 38%, 45%. You're golfing 18 holes and said, nine holes. You do now you're driving them all 160 yards instead of 120. And she kept just looking, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I said your body weight went down. Yeah, you're spending more time on cardio and your speed, she was, yeah, it's amazing. And I said, so why do you need to be sore? And she looked at me and she goes, well, I thought that's just the way that it had to be. I said, no, I said, my job and your fitness professional once we got on a roll and knew how you respond exercise and I knew how to communicate with you and coach you and gave you a couple of days to kind of get you sexized. My job is to fatigue you appropriately as you walk out, make sure you come back refreshed. And I said, and she goes, yeah, that's what happens pretty much every time. Every time. I said, you've never come back in sore. She was, no, I said, so my job is to make things to give you the maximum amount of results with the least amount of effort. And first it boggled her mind, but then when she looked at the results, she goes, okay, that makes sense. So in a nutshell, when you file the science, file the model that you trained on, if you think about our role is to get people to train smarter, not just harder and take it away from maybe an exercise program into a specific training program. So in conclusion, I hope that helps kind of just share these two massive, amazing companies on how much they dig into the science and try to bring that to all of you in the fitness industry. So you can get the best outcomes with whomever you work with. So I can't thank you enough Greg who's been advanced to our slides here for me. You know, the guy behind the scenes that makes all this possible and everybody of NSM and everybody at TechNoGIM, we can't thank you enough for attending. Hope you found it and you can reach me there at my TechNoGIM email, mmiller at TechNoGIM.com. And if you're new to TechNoGIM, I hope you check us out and feel free to hit me up anytime if there's anything I can ever do for you. So I'll turn it over to Greg, our editor, see if there's any questions that came in or if you guys are still sending those questions in, he will recap those and then send me and I will email you personally. So thank you guys so much.