On today's NASM CPT podcast with me, Rick Richie, I explore the question, can we trust peer-reviewed scientific research? Number one, what is peer-reviewed research? Also talk about number two, who are these peers that you speak of? They're my old golf buddies. No, because a little deeper than that. Three, what makes an expert an expert for? What is a randomized control trial or an RCT? And is that the gold standard of research will also briefly chat about systematic reviews and meta-analysis? And finally, I need to point out that there are some experts that talk about things that they have no expertise in, but they hide behind their degree to excuse their opinions on a topic. Make sure you like, follow, subscribe, and leave a five-star review. Now, here's the episode, can we trust peer-reviewed scientific research? Your listening to the NASM CPT podcast with Rick Richie, winner of the ShareCare Emile Award for Social Storytelling and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey, all, and welcome to the NASM CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie. And today is interesting because I've been getting some questions lately and maybe it has a lot to do with the current environment and some would say an attack on science and higher education, but the question is, can I trust peer-reviewed scientific research? That's a valid question, but when we talk about validity, that's a whole different world when it comes to research. So here's a series of questions that I was asked and then I created a couple of follow-up questions here, but an email, a message from a friend of mine says, as always, it's a pleasure chatting with you, I was chatting with him at the gym, known for a long time decades, even at this point. And he's been in the fitness industry as a vi for a long time. This is what he brought up. Here are my questions, some bullet points for you to consider for the topics for your podcast. One, can we trust peer-reviewed scientific research? Another is our strength and conditioning principles founded on peer-reviewed scientific research. What is the process for publishing a peer-reviewed research is PubMed Trustworthy? What is a randomized controlled trial? Our RTCs, randomized controlled trials, the gold standard. What is a case study review articles, clinical studies, meta-analysis, systematic reviews, what are those things? And then our NASM certifications based on peer-reviewed research. This may be a good podcast series. You are viewers and listeners will benefit from your take on these subjects and joy thanks for the opportunity. Neth Rodriguez, Neth Man, thank you so much for asking these. And what I'm basically going to do is instead of creating a series, I'm just going to do a highlight reel within this one episode to try to address that. Because here's the thing, we do need peer-reviewed research and we need to understand what makes that reliable. And here's the thing. When you read the comments on social media, everyone is an expert. Everyone's an expert. We've got experts that are all disagreeing with each other. So who is the legitimate expert? And I think we need to really understand what that is. How do I know who an expert is? Everyone in social media, they love to follow those that push back against the mainstream. And for what they themselves like to do already. So let me lean into something I'm already interested in. And I think there's a place for pushing back against standards and norms. But how much of those standards and norms are based in research and how much of those are simply tradition. Also I will point out that some people do get degrees not to learn necessarily, but to appear as an authority to pitch their own individual thoughts. And I think that is something that's scary, something to be aware of. And with all of that, let's get into it. Let's figure it out. So the first thing we need to talk about is what is peer reviewed research? We're going to question peer reviewed research. What does this mean? So let's get into it. Peer reviewed research is a rigorous vetting process which other experts in the same field evaluate an article that is submitted and they're going to evaluate it for accuracy, for validity, for methodology and originality before they publish it in a scholarly journal. All right, cool. So my peers do that. But your peers in research are different than your peers at the pub. Your peers in research are different than your homies that you're going to be dealing with. Your peers that do research are not people that you hang out with. They are peers because they are in your same group of experts. And here's the, all right, for as well, who's the peers? They are other experts in the field that you're submitting your research to. And that's why there's so many different research journals, a journal. So what's out for the journals? Journals. So here's the thing, infectious disease. There are people who research that, but they don't submit their content to the American Journal of Occupational Therapy. Because experts in occupational therapy are not experts to critically evaluate infectious diseases. Is there some crossover? Probably. There's some things that occupational therapists need to understand about infectious disease. Probably, yeah. But they're not experts in that field. So if you look at it similarly, we've got the journal of strength and conditioning. I, I, I, ascribe to that journal, I get those research studies. I get, I get the journals that come from there. And then you've got the physical therapy and rehabilitation journal. Now the physical therapy, real rehabilitation journal cannot evaluate. They can evaluate each other's content. Because is there crossover on that? Surely much more crossover there than infectious disease and occupational therapy. Strength and conditioning and physical therapy and rehabilitation. Is there crossover? Yes. Are they experts in each other's field? No, they're not even close to experts in each other's field. Unless there's an expert in both of those fields, which means they have advanced degrees and many years of study in that field. So what's the purpose of this? Well, I need to understand that the peers that I'm submitting my research to are very, very educated and not just the field that I'm submitting, but in research, in methodology, understanding validity. And there's a whole list of criteria when it comes to scientific research. And are you checking those off? And let's say, yes, yeah, I'm checked. All of those things off. So Dr. Richie, now I have another question. Can peer reviewed research be wrong? How dare you ask that question? How dare you? It can't. Yeah. This is where England called myself out and I cannot believe you brought this up. I have a flaw in my dissertation. I have an incorrectly cited source. I gave credit to the wrong authors for a concept that is central to what I talk about in the research. And once I cited it incorrectly, I continued to use that citation because that's what I initially cited for this particular series of content. All right. Well, how did I know that I really screwed this up? Here's what happened. Another researcher reached out to me and asked me where it was. Whereas I'm reading the information you write and it's fascinating. And I go to the site, the author cited. And I go to that and I go to the work cited page and I get that article. Or I get that book. I get that text. I get that journal and I go to that. And I read what is in the journal and I read what is in your paper. And they're not the same. And I was like, that can't be true. And so I go. I read the passage in the dissertation I did. I go back and I read the journal, the article, and I read it again. And I go through it again. I'm like, I can't find it anywhere. And this is so detailed in my dissertation. But there's nothing that even eludes to. What is in my dissertation in the article I cited? And so then it took me hours and hours to finally find the correct siding. Which I then sent back to that researcher said, this is the content. I wish I could do it all over again. I'm so sorry. The research that it was cited incorrectly. Man, the guilt that I felt for so long. Because I got called out on a mistake that I made in my research. Now, this is me. I don't work in academia. I'm a personal trainer. I host a podcast. I teach exercise science. But I don't work at a research institute and teach exercise science at a higher education place and responsible research. And I feel this guilty. Imagine how bad how guilty how embarrassing that would be for me as a researcher to do that working in that world. It's a big deal. It is a big deal. You know what? We have to do everything. We have to have everything that we do. List it out. And it requires that we put in this is how we did it. This is what we looked for. This is, and here's my contact information. So the other researchers can ask questions. And they did. I got called out. Cam mistakes we made. Yes, however, it is difficult on so many levels to do poor research. And also difficult to lie. Make a mistake. Like I did, did it change the outcome of the research. It didn't. It was just incorrectly attributed, which is not fair to the authors, who I've gleaned the information from and gave credit to the wrong researchers. But it didn't change the outcome. Can research be wrong? Yes, can people lie about it? Yes, can people throw out data points? Yes, because sometimes outliers really screw up your data. And instead of putting an outlier in, sometimes it's easier just to oops. Oh, that dot on my graph disappeared. Is it possible? Yes. However, if you are a scientist, your job quite literally depends on doing good quality research. Also, flawed research follows you. If you are a professor, an academic and a researcher, if you are a scientist, researcher, a scientist, a researcher, your work reflects on the university. And that's a big deal. Trust me, you get a call from the Dean's office. Where's yet the president's office? Asking questions about your research that has been called out because it was incorrectly done. Also, for those who are printing articles, so once bitten twice shy, research journals hate to print retractions. So they do their research into your work as well. And if the numbers are fudged, you will never be published again, which is professional death for researchers. Also, one of the reasons meta analysis are so valuable. We'll talk about that a little bit more, is because they aggregate the total research on a specific topic. And if your information is an outlier, they may do more research into what you did in your methods more closely, and identify your flaws as a researcher. That's not fun. So how do your... So you don't get to hide your research. In fact, you got to disclose everything so that other scientists can do exactly what you do. In fact, research basically is this is how I did it. This is an outline for how you can do the exact same research and see if you corroborate what I wrote, what I said, and what I found, or if you get a totally different series of outcomes, if your results are totally different, but what I can't do is hide. I cannot hide where I'm getting my information from. Everything has to be very clearly laid out. Why? So other researchers can follow what I did and do the exact same research that I did in a population where they are. Why? Because population in Beijing, China, and the population in Denver, Colorado, and the population in St. Louis, Missouri, and the population in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Caracas, and people are the same, but we also know that there are ways that other components influence, but we start to get all of this from data from all over the world that shows how specific populations react to an intervention. That gives us a lot of clarity. This episode of the NASM CPT podcast is brought to you by NASM1, the membership for trainers and coaches, members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the Edge app to schedule and program clients enjoy half-awful certifications and specializations, access to free CEUs, and more all of this for just $35 a month. Go to NASM.org slash membership to learn more about NASM1. The follow-up here is there's a lot of research that gets aggregated on pub med. So the question is, is pub med trustworthy? For the time being, yes, though the assault on science may soon see a shift in our ability to access data that is reviewed by scientists and researchers, rather than opinion makers and pretenders, for now pub med is an excellent resource for numerous high quality research journals. Are there poor quality research journals in there too? Yeah, well, yes, and no, there are some that do not stand out as much. There are some that cover more outliers. There are some that you might have a particular division of science and a subdivision and a micro subdivision, and it might be a journal on just that micro subdivision that not a lot of people know about. So there's a lot to look for, a lot to identify when it comes to the articles. But I think for what we're doing, if you're looking at exercise science, then I think our information is going to be unscathed. For now, I think we're in a good position to be very trustworthy when it comes to pub med. All right, one of the questions that was also asked was about randomized control trials. Are they the gold standard? Well, first of all, we got to identify what is an RTC, a randomized control trial. And so I'm going to read you an entire article. It's a very short, a couple paragraphs from Harrington and Locassio in 2018. The article is entitled, Randomized Control Trials. The gold standard for effectiveness research. Okay, well, that article clearly thinks that it is the gold standard. But let's get into it. Randomized control trials are CTs. I said RTCs earlier, RCTs are prospective studies that measure the effect of Venice of new interventions or treatments. Although no study is likely on its own to prove causality, sidebar. Research doesn't prove anything. Research creates correlations. So the proof cannot be identified from a study. So all they're trying to do is create correlations in something. They are trying to say based on this, this happened. Is that proof? No, that is an indication that something could be true. We can't say that it is proof. All right, so with that said, although no study is likely on its own to prove causality, randomization reduces bias and provides a rigorous tool to examine cause effect relationships between intervention and outcomes. This is because the act of randomization balances participant characteristics both observed and unobserved between the groups allowing attribution of any differences in outcome to study the intervention intervention. This is not possible with any other study, design, in designing the randomized controlled trial, researchers must carefully select population. Interventions must be compared and outcomes of interest. Once these are defined, the number of participants needed to reliably determine if a such a relationship exists is calculated as a power calculation. Participants are then recruited and randomly assigned. This is a randomized controlled trial. They're randomly assigned into either the intervention or comparison group. So one gets the intervention, one gets the comparison. So let's talk infectious disease. Intervention group, one gets the intervention, the new intervention, and the other would get standard treatment. And we compare the new intervention to the standard treatment. Is the new intervention better? Is it the same? Is it worse? And then sometimes you even have a control that doesn't have an intervention at all. It has a placebo and a placebo group may say, yes, I feel much better, but they only feel better because they think they got an intervention. That we need to see an intervention. We're going to use a control and we're going to blind them, not them personally. We don't, it would be awful. You did a great job. What we're going to do is, this is called a concealment or a blinded study. It's ensured and what they do is the people who are doing the research don't know which is the intervention, which is the troll. They just seek the outcomes. They submit it and then people identify, okay, well, who was in the control group, who was the outcome, what did the researchers identify with these individuals? And then you can say, oh, was any progress made? So randomized control trials are often blinded so that participants and doctors, nurses, researchers, they don't know which person is receiving the treatment and that minimizes further any more bias. They're going to say randomized control trials can be analyzed by the intention to treat analysis and there are other variations when it comes to intention, the treat that are less biased, but all randomized control trials should have a pre-specified primary outcome. I want my person to get better feel better, move better, get stronger, increase muscle mass. That's what we want to outcome to be, which intervention did that better. And then there should be registered with clinical trial database and they should have the appropriate ethical approvals. Trust me, the ethical approvals can be difficult to get through. There's a lot to jump through with that as well. Randomized control trials have their own drawbacks and that includes high cost in terms of time and money, problems with generalizing things, the participants that volunteer to participate, might not be represented in the population that you're trying to actually study and that you might have loss when it comes to follow up. So, is a randomized control trial the gold standard? It is the gold standard of research. Yes, however there are gold or standards. Those are systematic reviews and meta-analysis according to on and conk 2018. A systematic review collects all possible studies related to a given topic and design and reviews and analyzes their result. So, that could be qualitative or quantitative. We're going to take it all, we're going to review it and then we're going to put out the results of a lot of different studies on the same topic. Now, meta-analysis is a valid objective qualitative, sorry quantitative, version of research, is scientific method of analyzing and combining different results. Usually in order to attain a more reliable result, a meta-analysis is almost exclusively conducted of randomized control trials, which have a high level of evidence. Now, with that being said, are any of some concepts based on research? Yeah, they are. The model isn't researched. The OPT model has not been researched, but each component of the model has been researched. And we pull the research from that information and NASM just takes that research and then information and they put it together into a model to create a system to follow. And that system is based on research. Now, reading comments on social media, everyone is an expert, what makes an expert truly an expert? Usually their education, but you have to understand that there are people out there that claim to be experts in nutrition, but our carerpractors. Now, does that mean carerpractors cannot be experts in nutrition? No, it doesn't, but an expert in somebody that has read about nutrition are not the same thing. So, are there classes that they may have taken on nutrition? Yes. Did it fall outside of the mainstream when it comes to nutrition? Yes. So, do they base their information based on research? They might claim that, but you got to identify the research. And one of the big things lately is, you know, all of this, our seed oils bad for you, research pretty conclusively based off randomize, based off of meta analysis and systematic reviews show that seed oils in moderation are not bad for you and are better for you than it's animal fat equivalent. But is that something that social media wants to hear? A lot of times no. Because social media, they've been told that this, I want to take a different view. I want to push against the mainstream content that's out there because that's the way for me to be seen and a lot of people say, oh, I also want to receive information because I already believe these things and now I have an expert that might even be a medical doctor. Telling me how poor certain nutrition things are and yet they're not a nutritional expert, they are a medical doctor. And you find out how many classes in these take in nutrition? There's a large amount of an entire study. We're not a single nutrition class is required in order to become a medical doctor. Why? Because their job is medicine. Now is nutrition medicine? Yes, in a way. Is exercise medicine? Yes, in a way. But when they refer to medicine medical doctor, they are generally referring to pharmaceuticals. And so, where do the expertise lie? Now, there are people. Now, let's get closer to home exercise science. There are a lot of different exercise science people. This is good, this is bad, this is good, this is bad. Well, I'm going to say for the most part, if you're exercising, it's probably good. And there are very few things when it comes to exercise, where it is bad unless there's poor form, right? The technique is off, you're overloaded, you're not progressively overloading. These are all scientific concepts. People who do the same thing too much and they're not building strength, but maybe they're building their version of strength. The problem is when you get somebody who is a power lifter, a body builder, who look at Pilates and say, Pilates isn't good because they don't do what I do. And there's plenty of research that shows that building the muscle is good for you. And therefore, it is better than what they do, but the amount of research that they've done on Pilates is nil. So, they're going to tell you what they've researched and just assume what you're doing is it's valid. And I don't think that's true. Now, in order to get stronger to build bone mineral density, to challenge the muscles where we increase protein synthesis and muscle growth, minimizing circuitopinia, you just got to lift heavier things. And there's a valid way to say that there are other things that can be added just like the majority of people that our body builder power lifters could probably benefit from some Pilates too. No, I'm saying, is everyone on social media? How do I know who's an expert? Well, a lot of times, you just need to find out what they're an expert in, and then find out what they're talking about and talk about him. Wow, I am missing it today. I'm trying to crush this podcast because it's so important in my words aren't wording. But as somebody in Shakespeare said, words, words, words, everyone on social media, and people they love to follow those that push back. Well, let's look at what their degrees are. And not to say that just because you have a degree means that you know what you're talking about. For a couple reasons, one, and we are, talked about people with certain degrees are not specialist in other things. Doesn't mean they don't know about it. Doesn't mean they can't speak to it, but they aren't experts in those things. But also, yes, some people get degrees just to pitch their already invalidated thoughts. And that's why I think research is so important. It is one thing to have a thought, something that you believe is true. That's not incorrect. It could be things that people aren't doing. People haven't thought of, might be unique to you in your own thought process. But when you go and you enter a program and that program requires you to do research, actual research, not gathering content somebody else has done. But first form research where you are doing it. You get to pull back the curtain on your own biases. And find out, wow, all of the stuff that I was hoping to prove because it is my concept, my modalities, my extra special formula that I created for working out. And then you find out, because you do the research, hopefully your randomized control trial, which is an RCT and I know I said RTC earlier because that's a randomized trial. Control. You find out that you're true, thank truth and and you graduate, you get some letters after your name. And some people keep on not truth and the good news is there are other researchers out there that are following the research. They are following the science. They are following the data. I'm not saying that you shouldn't come up with new concepts, but when you do and they start to build, that's when researchers go, I wonder if there's any validity to this and then they research it. And there has to be more than one person, they research it and they go, oh, look, I've got this research that says this, why don't think that's true and then they take your research, they find out what you did and they redo it in their population, at their school or at their research facility. Maybe they find out very similar to what you did, maybe they find out something totally different. And now, researchers go and to explode in that particular area because it's getting popular with the general public and we have two people that did the exact same thing, got two different outcomes and they're both researchers. Now we've got to figure out who's right and who's wrong and researchers will jump on that. Can we trust peer reviewed research? I think we can. For the most part, yeah, absolutely, we can. For somebody who's been through that process. You know, I was younger or it was not young by any means when it's going through my doctoral program, but when I did and I did my research, it was remarkable how hard that was for me. And there are many times I wanted to quit, there are many times that I was saying, what's the point of this? I'm doing all of this work and it's so hard. And one of my, my dissertation chair would just keep saying, it's an exercise in writing. Just like it's an exercise and exercise, right, and fitness. This is an exercise in writing. You just repeat it, do it again, take a break, recover, do it again, refine, do it again. And then eventually, content was produced and it was hard. For me, and there are other people so much smarter than me reviewing other people's research, who are so much smarter than me, evaluating each other and thank goodness those smart people are out there doing research. So that I can take that content and I can learn more by letting them do the hard part. All I have to do is figure out how in the world do I read this research paper and understand it, which is a lot easier at the next lecture. There is research itself and if you've ever tried to understand research and how hard that is, imagine knowing it so well that you can do that. There's some smart people out there putting in the time, putting in the effort, and doing their own research. And when they do their own research, it isn't reading an article about it. It isn't reading a social media post that is not what research is, so don't get it twisted. Thanks, y'all. Thanks for listening. Thanks to my producer, Eric Sorenson. And if you would please like, subscribe, share with your fitness friends and family, leave a five-star review, and a comment. If you would like to reach out to me, like my friend, Jeff did, you can do so here we up on Instagram at dr.recruvitchy or email me, rick.ricy at nes.org. Keep inspiring people to fitness. Thanks for listening. This has been the Neson CPT podcast.