On today's NASM, CPT podcast with me, Rick Richie. I explore three things you need to focus on to prepare for a solid financial future. One is income. How do you increase your income? Number two, savings. We've got to figure out how we're going to save money. And three, what is your financial endgame? And I'm saying right now that you need to have a little bit of focus on a tax advantage to retire in an account so that you can build some compound interest and you make a lot more money than you ever put in. And that will be money that you can live off of in retirement. Make sure you like, follow, subscribe, and leave a five-star review. Now, here's an episode on financial fitness. Your listening to the NASM, CPT podcast with Rick Richie. Winner of the Share Care Emiel Ward for Social Storytelling and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey, y'all, and welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie, and today we're going to talk about financial fitness for fitness professionals. And you're going to need three things to prepare for a solid financial future. One is you got to have money. You got to have an income. Number two, and we're going to break these down and talk to these, each a little bit more. Two, you're going to need to save. You got to save more money than you make. I know that's not fun to hear, but we're going to chat about it. And then third, we need to look at what a financial endgame looks like for you, because when you will not be working anymore, you will have to have money to continue to live. And you're fit. She will live a long time, right? That's what our goal is. That's what our hope is. With that being said, what is your financial endgame? And that could be starting your own business. But all of it really turns around and says, it's enough money for you to retire on. So let's start getting into this. Or what to start with the first one, you need good financial offense. You need income. That's your offense. That's your means of making money. And training could be a great job, but it can also just be a passion project. I know it can be challenging to make money in this particular business. I was working at Jim years ago. My buddy, a fellow trainer and a roommate needed another job to make an ends meet in New York City. So we got a job at a retail store. All right, well, listen, I needed money too, but I did not like the idea of getting a job at a retail store because whenever I trained, I made more money in an hour of training than you had to make in a couple hours or more doing the retail job. So I was like, well, let me, let me see if I can at least make more money training. So what did I need to do? I had to work. And sometimes I had to work for free in order to build my book. I had to work floor hours more. I had to come in when I wasn't on duty and work for free in order to meet people and talk to people and try to build my business. I had to do complimentary sessions. I had to do orientation sessions. I had to connect with people and I, in order for me to do that, I had to show up. And I get it. A lot of people are like, oh, if I'm not getting paid, I'm not working. Well, that might be true, but also if you aren't building your business, then you might just be looking for another job. So I really wanted my job, my business, my future to be in fitness. So rather than going in a job outside of fitness, I just worked harder to make more money in fitness. And actually built my business up that way and ended up making much more money than my friend who had to different jobs, one of those being a training job. And for me, that was important because I wanted to make more money doing fitness. And that's not the case for everybody. Not going to be able to. And I understand that fit this might be your side hustle. And that might be your way of making a little extra income. Well, if you're a personal trainer full time and you're doing 20 sessions a week, that's pretty good. That's usually considered full time for personal training, except it wasn't enough money for me. So I needed to work more than full time. I wanted to work where I was doing about 35 sessions, sometimes 40 sessions a week. And I built up to about that where I was exhausted a little bit too many sessions early in the morning, late at night. A lot of free time in the middle of my day, but sometimes not enough free time to go home. It can be a challenging gig. So here are some other things to consider. When we talk about increasing your income, like you need to have a big shovel, you need to be able to scoop some more money in. So one of the things I want you to consider is teaching classes. Teaching classes, you're going to make extra money by teaching the group class, whether it's group personal training or some strength and conditioning type class, whether you get a certification. And you decide to start teaching Pilate, is there a yoga or you want to do kettlebell classes, but consider teaching the classes. What I loved about teaching classes is when I taught classes. And at one point I had six sessions a week on a schedule when I was working at a corporate gym. Good news is that I had somebody at least one person every week that asked me if I was a personal trainer. And it really bolstered my business. So I want you to consider teaching classes because you make more money teaching class, but then you can also potentially make more money by now doing personal training because those people that take your class, like your class, want to be around you. And if you can help them in a class, I bet you can help them as a personal trainer. Here's the other thing. I got really close with other people that taught classes. If we were all part of the same group, except I was a personal trainer, and most of those people only taught group fitness. So when they were asked once a week on average, if they were a personal trainer, and they said, no, I'm not, but my friend Rick is, maybe you should meet him. And so I got a lot of referrals from that. It was really good for my business. It's something to consider. Consider training independently. And I'm not saying you need to leave a corporate gym to go and train people completely independently of a corporate gym. I'm saying, maybe get a little sad hustle. Maybe you train at your gym and on the weekends, you pick up and you train people out in the park, you train people in your garage, you train people in their home, you go to their place and work with them and train them. I know a lot of people aren't in New York. Most people aren't in New York. So I don't have a car, but you guys can throw equipment in the back of your car. Go meet somebody somewhere, whether it's their house, the park somewhere, and you have equipment with you that you could just pull out and start a class, right? Start a class, start a one-on-one training session. And I think that's a great opportunity to consider. I know a lot of people in New York City throughout the years who would go to Central Park and just set up with a TRX or some bands and things like that. I will say this. You need to have a permit in New York in almost any city. I remember doing a shoot of some sort of video shoot, we did it at the park and it was somewhere in Arizona, and the park managers came and we're checking to see if we had permits. And I knew I needed one for New York, but I did not know that there were other municipalities that did not make sense, that the city's going to get there. But consider picking up and doing business independently. The way that works especially in the beginning is, you know, if somebody wants to train with you at the gym, and let's say it's 100 bucks to train at the gym, and you get paid 40, then a lot of times it's easier when you're like, oh, you're not a member of the gym, you want to work with me, rather than me making 40 and you're paying 100, why don't we meet it like 80 and I'll still train you. And that way you are making 40 extra bucks, they're paying 20 less, and they're still getting the same service with the same individual. So that is consideration of just creating a little side hustle by going independent. Now, as you get better and maybe you start building your independent business, don't discount your services like that. Make sure that if they're paying that for those guys, that just started training at a corporate gym, and you've been training for a while, then you know, the same price, no, no, no. They're going to pay a little bit extra for you, but cost of your experience. And generally people should pay more when you come to them. If you want me to train you and I come to you, that's going to cost more money. All right, consider raising your rates, if you're independent, I know you can't just raise your rates if you're working at a corporate gym, but consider raising your rates. And you can do that incrementally, you can do that with new clients. If you don't want to raise your rates on your current clients, then just wait until you build up a new client, and say, oh, my rate is one, it's 10 dollars more than what it is you charge those other people that you work with. And that is your new rate. So anybody coming on, these other guys have been grandfobbored into their rate. My new rate for all the people coming in, and eventually you're going to have to raise the rate on the people that have grandfathered in. Mm. I would say this also, consider looking at other gyms that pay better, but not just pay better, that also has a really strong client outlook. Now, there can be gyms that pay better, but they don't have a lot of volume of people coming through. So even though you get more money per session, you're doing a third less sessions than you were doing at the other place. And if you're having a hard time making ends meet, just because you're making more money, per session, doesn't mean you're making more money altogether. I remember I was working at a corporate gym, and I picked up a gym at a residential building. And they paid me a lot more. But I couldn't leave my corporate job. My corporate fitness job, I couldn't leave it. Even though I was getting paid more than twice when I was being paid at the corporate gig, I wasn't getting that much work. I wasn't getting that many people that were training with me, because there are only so many people that lived in the building that wanted a personal trainer. And so the opportunity wasn't there. The money was there, but I needed to keep my job in order to continue to keep my income. So I worked both. Also, when it comes to making more money, consider looking at becoming an educator, because if you've been in the game for a while, consider teaching other trainers something that you're good at. And then if, and that might be kettlebell. So let's say for instance, you're really good at kettlebells, then you want to teach other trainers in your area how to do kettlebells. Then you can just set up whether it's a class come in. We're going to do a class. We're going to do a workshop. Let's do a four-hour kettlebell workshop. And eight-hour kettlebell workshop. How to do a swing. How to do a clean. How to do a kettlebell snatch. And just walking the through with people. And then also, consider becoming an NASM approved provider so that they can get CEUs for taking the course that you teach. I think it's a cool opportunity. And it's something that might work well for you. All right. This episode of the NASM CPT podcast is brought to you by NASM1. The membership for trainers and coaches, members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the Edge app to schedule and program clients. Enjoy half off all certifications in specializations. Access to free CEUs and more. All of this for just $35 a month. Go to NASM.org slash membership to learn more about NASM1. All right. Well, listen, if you need to have a good financial offense, you need to have a big shovel to scoop money in towards you. Then you need to also have a good financial defense. They say that defense wins championships. The truth is you need both a good offense and good defense. However, there are people that make a ton of money that spend their income and do not build any wealth. And there's also a story in this wonderful book called The Millionaire Next Door by Thomas Stanley. And it's about a financial series of lessons that's given from a millionaire barber at the local barbershop. And it's very much about good financial defense. Because they're saying, listen, this guy doesn't have a huge income, but what he did was save an invest, save an invest. Also, you have to be defensive. You can't spend frivolously. You have to save more money than you make. And also, there are a lot of times people are in the hole. And I would say that low interest debt, though it is in the hole, it's low interest. So it's the borrowing of money is relatively inexpensive. But there's some high interest debt. And you've got to pay off all of that high interest of debt debt. And then you have to avoid getting in any more of that high interest debt. Usually, that's the form of credit cards. And that's a conversation we're talking about. If you've got 20 something, 28% APR, annual percentage rate on your credit card, that's going to be really hard to get out of that debt. And you've got to pay more than the minimum amount. So you've got to not just cover the interest. You've got to start paying down principle. So interest decreases. Get out of that financial hole. Get rid of the debt that you owe. And then do your dentist not to dig that hole again. And so you need to have money, not just set aside. So you're taking care of that debt. But also just having some money set aside for emergencies. You've got an emergency fund. So when things pop up and things, you know, what do we have to help up? Then you've got to have something that supports you. So you don't go in debt again. So save some money, set it aside for emergencies. And then start paying off that high interest debt. And then when emergencies pop back up, do your best not to put it on credit card. Make sure that you've got that money set aside. So you can pay off anything that comes up. So you have to have a good defense. You have got to stop spending frivolously. And I'm going to tell you story about a person. I have a friend in New York City. Makes a lot of money as a personal trainer. Charges way more than I charge, per session as a personal trainer. I mean, it's astronomical. And he wanted to go into business with me and my partner at one point, but he didn't have any money. Why not? Why don't you not have any money? You make a ton of money. Now part of it is because you may charge a lot, but you don't actually train that much. But I said the relatively busy. And if you're charging those rates, you don't have to train that much. That's a ton of money to make. So later, I was talking to the same person. I said, you know, I asked if you put any money aside for retirement. And he said, no, he needs to buy a house for his mom first. Then I was like, does she not have a house? She doesn't know. She does have one, but I want to buy her a nice house. And this is an example of someone that makes a lot and spends a lot. They have a fancy New York City apartment. They have to nicest outfits. They have big spenders, but not a big saver at all. And if this person just spent $500 a month, $500 a month, that went into a brokerage account, a retirement account, a tax advantage to retirement account, it would not adversely affect his life at all. But it would be huge given enough time in the market. Because time in the market is more important than how much money you put in the market. For instance, if you put $10,000, and I listen, I'm not saying you need to do $10,000, because you can do with some of these companies, you can do pennies to invest. But let me just give this as an example. $10,000 right now, just say, I got 10 grand, I'm going to put it in there, and you let it alone. And you don't add any money in 50 years. That's going to be $1.17 million. So it's not. And all you did was put in $10,000. So that's what compound interest looks like. Now, what would that look like if you put in $500 a month? And then you just kept doing $500, and eventually that would be $10,000. But then also you have the compound interest, and you also have the additional $500 every month. And things like that wouldn't affect this person at all. And they're going to retire in 40 years anyway. 30 years even. Let's say 30 years. But right now, they don't have anything put away. 25 years, 20 years, you want to retire? What have you been putting away? You're going to have a tax advantage of brokerage account in order to help do that. Now, they also didn't have any money to invest in a fitness business, and that's a business they really wanted to start. No money invested in their future. They have plans to do something nice for mama, but ultimately it's unnecessary. And I'm sure your mom would much rather you make better financial decisions for yourself than for her, making these financial decisions that would just be a nicely for her. I don't know, listen, I don't know. It's not my business as between you and your mama, but I will say this. If my kid was like, hey, Dan, I'm going to buy you a really nice house, and I was like, well, it's cool, you're making a lot of money. Do you have any money, say, for retirement, I said no, I want to buy you a house first? I would lose my mind. I was like, what do you been doing? You should have been putting money away into a brokerage account. The moment you got your first paycheck, so do not think that this is something that your children are just going to learn on their own because I don't think that anybody learns it on their own. They have to be taught it. And I'm hoping that if you miss the bus here, and you haven't been putting any money aside, how do you go about doing that? You start putting about at minimum 10% of your income, your gross income, 10% of it, into a low cost index fund, putting into an attack advantage brokerage account, how do you go about doing that? You can reach out to a fidelity or Vanguard Schwab or JP Morgan, Robin Hood, there are a lot of companies that do this that you can invest in, and places like fidelity are great too because they have no minimum amount. So if you're like, hey, I'm only going to do, I'm going to make a 25% purchase on the semi-conductors, at ETF, all right, cool, well, you don't have to have the full price. You can just incrementally start putting things in. So if you're putting aside money, I like to say that, you know, 10% if you're starting early, if you're in your 30s, you probably almost need to be 20% of your gross income to be putting away. And if in your 40s, 25% income, if you're in your 50s, you haven't started saving. Oh, that's too late for you. Now I'm just kidding, it's not too late. It's not too late, but start saving, start putting aside money, increase how much money you make. How do you do that by working harder, working more, finding additional jobs, increasing the size of your shovel, also being a better defender of your money, save more money, stop spending frithlessly, put aside for your future before you start spending for anything right now so that you can save money and be better ready for retirement. And then when it comes down to it, you are planning for your financial endgame. And your financial endgame is that retirement. Well, sometimes a financial endgame also is building a business. And there are some businesses that don't cost you any money. It just costs you time. And the problem is people don't want to spend time focusing on something that they don't know if it's gonna make them money or not. And so what does that look like? That looks like writing a book. It's gonna take a lot of time, and you're probably not gonna make that much money off of it. Developing a course, creating content, putting your information out there, getting people to follow you, doing the online personal training, building your business outside of your personal training and start building on virtual and doing classes. Teaching classes, teaching educational content. And then taking money before you spend it, just have it automatically deducted. Any of these places that I mentioned, fidelity, Vanguard, Schwab, JPMorgan, Robin Hood. You can do automatic payment, as soon as you get paid that money, a certain amount goes into your brokerage account. And here's the other thing, brokerage accounts go up and down and up and down and up and down. Don't freak out, just stay the course, and over the course of time, the last 40, 50 years of the S&P 500 has returned almost 11%. So you can put your money in a low cost index fund, and you will be looking at what it's like to build your future by using your money and keeping it invested over time. All right, thanks for listening, and thanks for our producer, Eric Swanson. Like, subscribe, share with your fitness friends and family, and leave a five star review. If you want to reach out to me, you can do so, by giving up on Instagram at dr.ricRitchie or you can email me at Rick.Richie at nasin.org. You'll keep inspiring people to fitness. Thanks for listening. This has been the nasinct.ca.