On today's NASM, CPC podcast with me, Rick Richie. I explore what happens when clients leave you. It's not always lunchtime in rainbow, so on today's podcast, I talk about one. What are some questions that you need to ask yourself about what we could have done better to keep our clients? I also note that it isn't always about you as a trainer. Sometimes people are dealing with things and those things vary to what are they. And sometimes you're going to give them people their space, but how do you stay in touch with them and let them know that you're still there for them? All right. Make sure that you like, follow and subscribe. Believe a five star review, if you will. Now, here's the episode on my client left me, why and what's next? You're listening to the NASM, CPC podcast with Rick Richie. Winner of the shared care Emmy Award for social storytelling and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey y'all and welcome to the NASM, CPC podcast. My name is Rick Richie. And today, I'm reaching into the mailbox and I've got some questions that are here. And I really like this one. So here's the question. Hi Rick, I love your podcast. I try not to miss any of them. Regardless of the topic. I've learned so much from listening to you and your guest. Thank you. All right, here's the question. If you haven't covered it before, I'd love to hear your thoughts on how we should handle clients who miss workouts from legitimate reasons such as family vacations, funerals, minor surgeries, et cetera, but they never return or continue to make what seems like excuses about why they need more time before returning. Thanks, much thanks and appreciation for all you do sincerely, Joe. Joe, thank you so much for asking the question. And I've got a lot of questions actually for you in return and not for you just kind of like in general for the collective view. When we have clients who leave us, it is important for us to reflect on us. Yes, it's easy to point to them and say, oh, they had a surgery or there was a family emergency and they're just not ready to come back yet. But sometimes I want to take that out of their hands and put it in mind and be a bit more reflective on me because I can't control what happens to other people, but I can control what I do and I want to make sure I'm asking all the questions that are in my control because if it's not in your control, then you don't really have any say over it. But here are the questions in the first question I want to ask. I have about 10 questions and comments regarding this. Here's the first one. Did I provide the value in my service that would have kept them? Now, maybe you did, maybe you didn't, but you gotta ask that question. You gotta ask that question, is it me? And I providing the value because I know that there are people, there are gurus out there and they talk all about finances and like don't discount and don't do this as long as you provide enough value, you can charge any price. Any price, any price? I don't know about that. But if you provided enough value then it's not a you thing, it's still a thin thing. But you gotta ask question, is it on me? It did I provide the value needed? And this leads then to my second question is, did I take my client for granted because trainers often just show up for the session and they do the workout? And then they just plan to see you again next time. And then I don't think about you again. I'm gonna see you again and find you show up and I go, oh man, real quick, let's see. You told me you were sore. I don't remember what we did. I didn't write it down. I don't know what's happening. What do you wanna do today? What's your goals? I don't remember any of these things. But thanks for your money. Also trainers talk about all sorts of nonsense while they train and have to trainers that have ever experienced around me I wouldn't train with in my entire training career because I don't wanna work out and hear discussions about boyfriend problems and apartment issues. And it doesn't mean you can't have those conversations. I have conversations, especially with the clients I've been with for a long time because we've become friends, but y'all, when it is time to work, it is time to work. I'm gonna tell you right now, I time all of my rests. So we can talk about your favorite show on Netflix, while we're resting. I know Amazon Primes got this new thing. Apple TV came out with this. Paramah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, we just y'all y'all y'all, when you can catch your breath and then have a conversation with me about your show. But when my alarm goes off, it's time to get to work. It's time to go back to it. I, to this day still see people that just chatter and chatter and chatter. And I wonder, let me get in some of it that is a value to the client because they want the camaraderie and the friendship and the human engagement, maybe as much as they want the fitness training. But you have to know that other people have their eyes on you and they see that. Well, that appeal to the majority of people. Or when people see you, chitchatting, do they say, I'm not gonna train with that person. I don't even think their clients work out. I think all they do is talk. And that's up to you. Not enough, that's a question. That's what you're experiencing. But you gotta ask question. What have we been talking about? What has been the focus of our training and did I take them for granted third question? Did they provide any hints that they were not able willing or interested to continue? Abel is a financial thing. It could be that surgery thing. It could be the concerns that they might have. It might be that they're completely now just just interested in personal training. For whatever reason, and is that on you? Are they getting any benefits and outcomes or are you showing progress? Do they, are they interested in continuing? But they're too heartbroken by the events that just have taken place. And they need time. If they need time like that, you gotta give them time. They had a minor surgery. You can't be the one that dictates when it's time to come back. But you can be encouraging. You can be there. Let me, I'm here. You need me. I'm here when you're ready. We're gonna follow up and not just look for the transaction but be present for them as a person. Fifth question, did you focus on their goals or did you just do exercises? Did you focus on their goals? Or did you just do movements and make them tired? Or did those relate back to what it is that you were trying to do? What are your goals? What are the reasons you even started with me? You came to me. You wanted to work with a personal trainer. I am here. I'm working with you. But I guarantee half the trainers out there. If you ask them what is this client? Name every client that you have and what are their main goals? They just make something up. Because they don't remember. Then most people don't even know why you're training. Was the purpose of the training protocols? Because eventually it just turns into it is Tuesday at 7 a.m. and it's just when we work out together. That's a, that could be better. That could be better. Keeping the goals in mind, making sure the workouts relate back to the goals. Make sure you bring them up. And you still identify as that it's still important to you because that is something that I can help focus on. I'm going to make sure that that's still what you want. All right, y'all. This episode of the NASN CPT podcast was brought to you by NASN1. The membership for trainers and coaches, members in joy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources, get the edge app to schedule and program clients, enjoy half of all certifications and specializations, access to free, CEUs and more. All of this for just $35 a month. Go to nasm.org slash membership to learn more about NASN1. Six questions. We got five more to go. So here's six and then some questions are not questions. But do you occasionally provide surveys to your clients? And I had an episode maybe a year to go about surveys because I was in the process of developing surveys and I thought, as a business owner, but as a gym business owner. And then I thought, man, I need to do one of these for my clients. Wonder why I haven't done it. And then I talked to some people and they said, yes, I do that for my clients on a regular basis. Quarterly, by annually, annually, here are some questions about me. And I want your anonymous feedback. Let me know, in my paying attention, give me some anonymous feedback. And you can do this stuff on, I think I used Survey Monkey, which was a free survey option that I was able to utilize. Do you occasionally survey your clients and ask questions about, you know, what is it like working with me? How do we schedule it on scale of one to 10? So you could do the likeered scales on scale of one to 10. How focused in my on your needs, your goals, and your wants. What is my price point and how is that effect you? Oh, what about that? So go through and come up with survey questions and then provide a free survey to your clients. This can be outside of the, even if you work in a gym, this can be outside the context of a gym, because you're just asking questions about you, but sending it out, the, sending out a link and having people anonymously send it back. It's kind of nice because then you, you don't, you know, have people telling you nice cities to your face and deep inside. You're like, I wanna say something, but their breath smells bad. And I don't know how to say it. I don't know how to tell them that they have very bad breath in the morning. And I can't say it. I can't speak it, but if you give me an anonymous survey, I am right in all sorts of stuff about the stank coming out your mouth. Why? Because I don't wanna hurt your feelings. But I want you to know, and maybe first thing in the morning, brush your teeth, maybe not as much coffee, maybe have some gum before the training session. I may all be above, do all those above. Because people aren't gonna say that to you, at least, not if it's not anonymous. And so, let me say, provide a survey, get feedback. You may not like it, but if it's fixable, let's get a fixed. Things you may not even know about you. And it's a simple thing to address that could really help you with your business. Seventh question here, it is more of a point. Sometimes it's not about you, and what you did, or what you didn't do. Sometimes people are dealing with things and they don't wanna talk about it. And they disappear, and they withdraw. It could be financial, it could be a family situation, it could be things going on with the husband or the wife or the kids, parents, family, extended family. They start to withdraw. It could be somebody at the gym, that they overheard saying disparaging remarks about them or a group they identify with, such as size discrimination, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, immigrants, somebody's faith. It could be a lot on the line there, and it has nothing to do with you, it's just they don't wanna go that gym again, because when they go there, the person that's there that had a disparaging statement, or the person that's there that's always flexing in the mirror and the changing room, and it just makes you so uncomfortable as they're recording. The recording that's going on, and they don't want to expose themselves to that. They're just different things, and sometimes it's not about you. You gotta ask questions. Is it me, could I have changed something? But now let's ask questions about the environment. The gym, the facility of change something, could the front desk have greeted them as if they were happy to see them, not as if they were a burden in the process of walking past them and checking in. The next question is the language appropriate. Because I know it's the gym, sometimes people in different gyms are a bit more free with the tongue, and they can say things, and that stuff can come across as if, cross, cross if nothing else, cross, so check the environment, check the gym environment, ask questions, find out more, and look, if they say they're not ready, they're not ready, and let them have their space, but, number eight, did you follow up with them, and asked them if it was something that was done, or said that hurt offended or stigmatized them, did you follow up? Because you wanna know, is it the gym, is it my colleagues, is it me? Anything about the environment? Because if so, maybe I can meet you somewhere else, outside of the gym, gyms better, it might have a rule that you can't train outside of the gym, whatever those are, but listen, if the gym made it uncomfortable for somebody, and that person would still like to train, they still love and appreciate you, and find out if there's an opportunity for you to still work outside of the gym and some independent location, and a garage, and a park, somebody's house, something, find out, find out more. Nine! Nineth question, more of a statement again. Cinema, thank you, Card. And maybe even some flowers. Fanking them for allowing you to serve them for so long. Listen, it's over, it's over you. Like you don't train people forever, but you can still be connected, and you can still get referrals, and you can still just be a good person and connect with people and not only talk to them because they paid you. Just keep them in your orbit, keep them around, keep them on your holiday card, list, keep them in the occasional meme on social media that you send them or the occasional check-in text. Stay with them. Say, they might be back. They might be back. And if not, stay with them. Let them know that you're there for them, and that you appreciate what they did the time that you were together and the time that you all had to get them. 10th question, are you staying in touch to ensure the door stays open for them to come back? That is so important. The thank you is important, but keep that door open. Keep it wide open and let them know that they're always welcome back. And you're always ready and you're here for them. All right y'all, thanks for listening, and thanks to our producer Eric Sourntson for putting together the show. I want you to like, subscribe, and share this episode. We're here for this friend's and family. Leave a five-star review, and you can hit me up like Joe did on Instagram at dr.ricritchie or you can email me, rick.ritchie at nasin.org. Y'all keep inspiring people to fit this. Thanks for listening. This has been nasm, CPT podcast.