We're talking to Kevin Longoria, who is the chief science officer with bio strap. And he's going to talk about us regarding how to use data to drive our recovery. And that's going to boil down to the science and interpretation of HRV or heart rate variability. And this is going to be exciting. Look forward to just kind of sitting back in the cup here and taking notes just like all of you should be doing. So let's go ahead and get started. Let's go to that next slide. And on the next slide, we're going to talk what we covered today is what is HRV? Where do we get that information? Why is it important? We're going to talk about what the science says. Why you should be paying attention to this information at all and how do we measure, and how do we measure it? And is the technology valuable and useful? I have a lot of devices that can claim to us information. And you want to be sure that we're getting, we want to be sure that those devices are giving us the information that they sell us on. And as always, you get to ask questions. I hope that you, I hope that your questions are frequent. And as I said, I have with me as always an ASM master instructor, doctor Kyle, still how are you doing today Kyle? I'm doing very well. Thank you very much. I'm excited to be here. All right. And in the background, we have our producer, Greg. He's the man who's pulling all of the strings behind the curtain. But we can't pay attention to him. And we have Kevin Mongolia. I told us a little bit about your position, but tell us a little bit about your background Kevin. Yes, sir. So my name is Kevin Mongolia. Chief Science Officer for BioShrap. I'm a clinical exercise physiologist by education. For the last several years, I've been working with populations ranging from the average Joe to severe neuromuscular and metabolic conditions, all the way up to on the personal physiologist for many world champion athletes right now. Most notably Henry Sehudo, a few of us may have seen him defend his Bantham Weight World Championship in the UFC this past Saturday. Outstanding. Outstanding. And thank you just for those of you listening. We are slated for three of these webinars with Kevin. And I hope that you can hope that everyone out there listening can be involved with all three of them. And as always, we have a special discount for you. If you hang on until the end of the call, you can say 35% on one of our on the new CES. And that's today only with the promo code. But we'll get to that at the end. I'll give you the code and maybe BioShrap will have it gift for you as well. We'll have to hang on until the end to find that out. But let's go ahead and take it away and go to the next slide. Kevin, I will turn it over to you. What is HRB? So heart rate variability is essentially the measurement of variation in time intervals between heart beats. We use the EECG and believe that these heart beats were supposed to fall very consistently. But we now understand this is really only from a bird's eye view. When we zoom in at the level of milliseconds, there should actually be a lot of variability in these heart beats. Each time an individual breeds in, their heart rate should speed up a little bit, a little sympathetic activation. And when they breathe out, their heart rate should slow down. This is kind of term is called respiratory sinus arrhythmia. This allows us to assess that the chronic tug of war being played at the level of our sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems. Okay. So you unravel that in a couple of short sentences. There's a lot to unravel. I mean, you brought up the autonomic nervous system. So let's talk about what that system is and how that works to keep our bodies in balance. Certainly, the autonomic nervous system, I'm sure many of us have learned the basics of our sympathetic and our parasympathetic. But maybe not really how this applies to health and performance, know how to really implement this. Heart rate variability is a measurement of the autonomic nervous system, which controls or regulates processes, including our stress hormones, inflammatory processes, and even our immune system. So when it comes down to health and performance, this has relations across the board, largely in terms of optimizing sleep recovery and minimizing the risk of injury. Okay. And so let's talk a little bit about, I think we're going to get into that into in the next couple of slides. Let's talk about definitely how it's measured and how these differences in HRV heart rate variability are related to different health markers. As we could go to the next slide and get into that. Okay. Can you take us through this science and the use of HEEE, please? Certainly. Before we really dive into the research, I think it's important to note kind of what I'm meaning here when I say reduced in higher heart rate variability. There's not exactly a magic number that everybody should shoot for, and I know that this may be confusing, but higher is not always better. The majority of the research that we're going to talk about here relies on comparing an individual to their specific population. Whether this be their competitive population or more basic their age, gender, ethnicity, population. Okay. Do you have, I don't know, everything with science and measurements fall within a range. Do you have basic ranges that we can work that we work off of when we're assessing this? There are very general ranges, which is something that I tend to stay away from. The general would be 60 to 100 milliseconds when we look at the time domain, which will dive into a little later. I'll make that a little more clear. What we really focus on is understanding an individual's trend. We require a minimum of five day baseline with no intervention. We really want to objectively understand where they're starting from, and then you start to apply these interventions, training, nutrition, modifying their hydration habits, and really what we're looking for here is looking at changes in individual trend. Improvements mean our interventions are in fact working, whereas if we see a decrease, we have to look at compliance or possibly a dynamically adjusting our interventions. From a health perspective, heart rate variability has been correlated with about 90% of all preventable health conditions, things like obesity, diabetes, and even cardiovascular disease. So when it comes to setting goals for our health-focused clients, heart rate variability is really one of the most meaningful biomarkers that we should develop programs around, and really use as a reinforcement tool to show our clients progress and maintain their motivation. The biggest kind of uphill battle that I have here is educating the clients on the value of this metric. They've likely never even heard of this. We're trying to say, this little number is more important than your scale weight, BMI, and possibly even that blood pressure you're getting twice a year at your doctor's office, because you're collecting it when you're nervous. This population, what we really need to emphasize is fitness is not just about thin muscles, and so I thin waistline and big muscles. It's physical health, mental health, stress management, having enough energy to play with your kids after a long work day. These are basically aspects of fitness that can't be measured by that little number on the scale, but they can by things like heart rate variability. Okay, thank you for that explanation. As I'm looking at this slide, we talked about we're looking at how higher HRV is associated with cardiovascular fitness resilience and decreased risk of injury. Can you tell us what that higher HRV means per population? Because I know that it's higher isn't necessarily better as you told us in the very beginning, but what does that mean specific to a given population? So when we compare a well trained athlete versus say their sedentary counterpart, same age, same gender, same ethnicity, the well trained athlete tends to maintain a higher heart rate variability or greater value. We see this highest in the endurance athletic population. A lot of the research that we're seeing now shows a really strong correlation between any intervention that improves our body's ability to utilize oxygen is correlated with better heart rate variability measures. Okay, great. And then is this doctor, Kyle, do you have a comment? I do, and it's kind of a maybe a general comment. I hope I'm not interrupting you and interrupting your flow, but when we're talking about this, one of the things that I used, and I was first introduced to HRV, and I think we talked about this before, but it was maybe 2013, 2014, going back a few years before that. There was an interesting study that looked at elite swimmers. And it wasn't necessarily about HRV, but it used HRV as one of its measurements. And one of the things they found in these swimmers, that by tracking or measuring their HRV in the mornings, they found that those that were more dominated by that sympathetic nervous system, versus the Paris sympathetic, they were able to measure a spike or an increase in sympathetic nervous system dominance about a week before these swimmers were either injured, muscular injury or before they became sick. So I think that's one of those things too, looking at this, these, the chronic diseases and stuff are obviously incredibly impactful, but sometimes for the clients, I think if they could understand too on a kind of a shorter window, like making sure that we're regularly checking this HRV to make sure that we're maintaining that proper nervous system control, that can have also very, very quick effects on your overall training. That's what I wanted to say, Princess. Absolutely, so thank you, yes, we want to, and this is going to lead into the next set of slides. We're going to talk first about, or Kevin is going to talk about our methods of measurement, what the sorts of things we're looking for and how this is recorded, how we can take this information and use it for our benefits. So let's take a look at the next slides. All right, so the methods to actually collect heart rate variability can get rather complicated. I'm going to do my best to keep them pretty simple. The two methods that really are front line here include electric cardiography, ECG, right, putting these sensors all over our body during a stress test or at rest, or a photo-plathy smogography, or PPG. The gold standard, which we will see in a clinical setting, is ECG. This uses electrical impulses to detect these heartbeats, essentially just looking at these time variations in between heartbeats. The primary issue that we see in most commercial devices, you know, these wrist-worn wearables, is that most of them don't have very good ECG sensors in them. At Biostrap, we have a very unique approach to utilizing PPG. Using our wrist-worn device, we utilize dual wavelength LED in optical sensors. Basically, for red light, is able to really deeply penetrate the tissue, and we're able to actually assess volumetric changes in the arterial pulse, heart rate, heart rate variability. And then we pair this with red light and this allows us to estimate other measurements, including your oxygen saturation. A lot of the devices that we see out there on the market simply use green light. Green light, unfortunately, is not able to penetrate very deeply. And this is why many of us may have seen some research about these wearables, not being very accurate for darker skin tones, people with pattoos, or even people with poor circulation, or this data is even more meaningful. Okay, and what if so, we look at this, or let's take us behind the scenes, because I was looking at my, uh, I'm actually wearing my biostrap. And, and it was, it was calibrating, it was calibrating my data. So, I know we have a couple of wave forms here from an EKG, but what is the, what is the strap picking up on the back end of the, on the back end of the app, so to speak? So, what we're collecting here is what's called raw PPPG waveforms, which you really wouldn't be able to interpret, right? What we do is we run this through 29 unique parameters, and this allows us to one really create a very clean waveform, kind of like we see there in the middle picture. And then these parameters allow us to assess for confidence, right? We, we run it through this parameter. If it doesn't pass a confidence check, we're going to exclude this data. We don't want to build, you know, bad data into a clinically reliable system. So, each individual heart waveform is analyzed, and then this is how we're going to analyze these heartbeats, which brings us to that third graph, where we can see variation. This would be a very healthy heart rate variability. If they were all falling, if their heartbeat was as consistent as could be acting as a metronome, we would see a perfectly straight line. This is showing a lot of variability in between heart B intervals. Okay. And Kyle, do you have any questions about that? Any comments? I don't think I do. Okay. Awesome. So, now let's talk about, so that's basically the data that we're getting, that's how we measure it. But when is the best time? When is the best time to get these measurements so that it gives us the most reliable data that we've answered the next slide? Can you take us through that path? Certainly. As with just the AS been out there, it's very important to assess these in a controlled and consistent environment. Right? Just like if we measure our scale weight before, after a meal, we're going to see variation. We want to have this, measured at the same time every single day with minimal compounds. What we really rely on here at BioStrap is nocturnal data collection. Right? We know there's no undocumented stressors. We know where you're at. It's a very consistent environment. So what we'll do is push an assessment while you're sleeping. We do attempt to collect the state of while you're awake as well. They're certain value there. But when we trend nocturnal data, we have high confidence that we're controlling everything that can be controlled in a natural environment. This allows us to really trend data and provide more meaningful insight. What you may be able to see there at the bottom is a little trend graph. This is where we're really equipping fitness professionals with a very easy to implement tool. We utilize machine learning, which we're going to look at an individual trend that the green represents their normal zone. Anything that happens in that green zone, we frankly don't care too much about. When you look closer, there's a red dotted line above and below, and this represents statistically significant change at that individual level. When we see their heart rate variability drop below that red line, we should be alerted. We're going to get an automatic alert so we can intervene and modify a certain behavior. When there's a statistically positive change, when it goes above that red line, now we know what we've been doing is in fact working. We want to reinforce our client because most basic, you know, if we're trying to maintain a behavior, we really ought to make them feel really good about that. So we're going to say, you did your hydration program. Maybe your scale weight didn't improve so much, but look at this improvement in your heart rate variability and look how that equates to your risk of cardiovascular disease or whatever their goal may be. Okay, I'll stand in one of the things here I'm curious about is how do you establish a group you said that you had to get five days of data? How do you let's say somebody is traveling or there's something that that comes up that's a little bit different and then that's the reason they're measuring a difference in the in the HRB or that's the reason they get a number that's outside of the green or let's say they're trying to travel within that five day period of establishing that baseline. Does that, should that matter or is it at the end of the day? It's one of those things like this is just distress your body is going through so it doesn't really matter where you are. I don't think question makes sense. It's a great question actually if regular travel is part of your routine then we're really just assessing your real life. If you travel once a year we probably don't want you to establish your five day baseline during that one travel because that is a confound that's not your normal behavior. What we utilize with our algorithms and our machine learning here is we're constantly doing a rolling baseline. We're comparing you today to you your previous five to 30 days so you're constantly seeing physiological adaptation. We're not comparing you just to where you objectively began but are you making improvements day to day? Let's say there is a newborn in the house or something like that would you encourage, encourage people to maybe not try setting this up during that time, wait until things are back to normal or again that's your normal right now so that's going to be where we establish the baseline and then just track the changes. That's a very meaningful question I actually just had my first son about 12 weeks ago now so I would say that is now part of your lifestyle right that you're going to be having a crying baby for many years to come so there's no point in delay. Let's get that baseline in an ideal setting you can actually look at your your trans prior to the baby being born so you can assess how this change in sleep pattern or how whatever is happening in your lifestyle is in fact affecting your physiology. Very unique I actually saw an amazing improvement in my sleep parameters in my heart rate variability which is a little odd a little more difficult to explain but there's something interesting going on there. Okay so now that we've talked about that and we went into the wearables a little bit in the accuracy and some and some of your measuring methods but we were talking about accuracy and vallin without outing another competitive product can you talk side by side comparison do side by side comparison of what the bio strap collects that maybe these the other more popular wearables don't really succeed on. Yeah certainly I think we all understand the idea of being able to do a 24-7 remote monitoring approach is very appealing especially now with the current COVID situation right contactless data collection is very meaningful the primary thing that has limited adoption particularly in the healthcare field is a general lack of data integrity. There there's been other wearable systems that have tested low than lower than 60% accurate on certain their bio metrics so when you're relying on a number to develop a program, modify a program, look at outcomes over a given period of time based on an intervention we really ought to make sure that this number is accurate as possible. So what we've really focused on here at bio strap is clinical validation we want to basically equip healthcare and fitness professionals with a resource that they can really rely on. We've done 14 publications basically validating each one of our bio metrics relative to the gold standard 22 clinical trials and this dedication to research while it took a lot of time and a lot of resources has positioned us very well. We are now involved in a total of seven COVID studies with various research organizations across the world. And without devolving information in regarding those studies so what sorts of things will the bio strap give you what information will that give you related to COVID? Related to COVID we're seeing it really kind of is the fun by the face right so when we're looking at the onset a great concept for where it wills us to detect changes in bio metrics that predict respiratory illness before even symptoms occur. We now understand you can be contagious before you're even symptomatic. What we should see here is bio metric changes, things like changes in your respiratory rate, oxygen saturation, heart rate, heart rate variability and some of your circulatory parameters as well. So we're doing large studies including one opt-in just using our existing users where we're basically looking at if you are diagnosed we want to go back and look at your trends what may have predicted that early. We're working with other organizations where we're working with high-risk populations in nursing homes and individuals who are in fact diagnosed and hospitalized looking at three day to one year outcomes. A big thing that we're seeing here is when you're healed in your discharge you're not necessarily good. We are seeing long-term cardiovascular and pulmonary changes so we're going to look at one tracking these outcomes what's changing physiologically wise and then what type of interventions can we use where we're even being utilized for back-seen treatments and possible treatments that can replace the ventilators. Okay so now that is you know that's that's amazing I'm looking I look forward to when that becomes available so that we can learn a little bit more about how wearable such as the such as the bio strap can help back changes and changes in the body. So now Kyle I'm going to hand this on you you know in the CES we dedicated a chapter to recover so walk us through how does how does measurement of HRV and tracking changes within the autonomic nervous system relate to the CES. Absolutely and and both you've practiced and Kevin please go free to interject or jump in or interrupt me as you see fit. One of the first things I want to point out is and I know we'll talk about this I believe it's our third webinar we're going to go through some case studies and and look at some different things because worth mentioning now that I believe we should start using a measurement HRV or HRV to help dictate training schedule you know all too often we get into this mindset of you know we're having something out for eight weeks which we should be we should be looking forward to that and we should be trying to get it over all plan. However the individual is going to vary by day so the days are going to be different depending on a lot of different stressors so whenever we look at stress it's not just the training it's the psychological stress it's the environmental stressors all of the stuff is could be a little bit of and we should each morning look at that and use that to help determine what type of training or where we're going to do so you know a lot of times for me I may wake up feeling fantastic however if I start to look at some of those numbers it may indicate that you know maybe I shouldn't train quite as hard or just the opposite I know we've talked about this before I wake up some mornings and I won't really feel that great however my numbers tell me that I maybe am recovered a bit more than I want to think I am so I should go ahead and train a little bit harder that day so we can really use this I think we should use this to really help guide our our programming to program or train for what the person is ready for that day. Looking at C. Yes one of the things we we need to keep in mind here is that optimal recovery and whenever we're looking at corrective exercise in the exercise but within corrective your recovery is going to be essential we have to remember that a lot of times our corrective exercise clients are they may be coming off of an injury or they just you know rehabbed an injury they've been released by their physical therapist so we need to make sure that we're training within you know the certain certain stress level that they can handle enough stress to towards a stimulus that will induce adaptation but not so much stress to where we start to get to see the negative side of that. So if we see you're on the slide recoveries in the central part of overall wellness whenever we look at the exercise that's really our goal is looking at that total body type of wellness recovery is going to contribute to the psychological and physical well-being and then this is going to get us into some of that talking about restorative sleep. Whenever we look at sleep there's a lot of very interesting things to to consider and the actually I'm in back up just a little bit here I want to talk about the measurement of measurement of HRV and again like we said earlier that's going to be an indication of the nervous system and I was reading some stuff a couple of days ago where talked about sympathetic overtraining syndrome which you know can be a kind of a severe case of overtraining but one of the first things that they can measure there in that is is that change again from parasympathetic to sympathetic and that's one of those things too where we can we can start to see how that shift to sympathetic from the excessive training can start to play, have a negative impact on some of the the hormone some of the hormone release when we're sleeping at night and it can really start just really interfere with the the antibiotic process as that are supposed to be occurring at night and that's something that we need to take into consideration. Let's go ahead and click over to the next slide. Before we do before you jump in there I have this looks like it's a question for you Kevin and this is from JJ and thank you for watching spending time with us today JJ and he wants to know when HRV drops below the red line can we go back to that what slide is that? We want to go back to the slide with the the red yet there we go. When it drops when HRV drops below the red line it suggests that interventions may be needed how do you determine those interventions when the measurements are taken while sleeping and not moving? What we'll largely do is collect survey data throughout the day and utilizing our wearable system we are collecting parameters around what types of exercise they did, automatically counting reps sets, durations, loads, all of these types of things. So what we want to understand and really one differentiating between a and a cute change and a chronic change. If we see a downward slope over several days we may be over training right chronically. If we see a very rapid a cute change they may be showing signs of some sort of non-specific illness. So what we want to do is understand which interventions we're making and then give that a few days and start to see is it trending upwards or downwards and this allows you to one understand which interventions are working, reinforce our clients on them. But like we said, dynamically adjust what may not be working. If we're continuing to push hard every single day through this downward heart rate variability trend this is where we start to see increased risk of injury. One study showed that just modifying training load day to day based on heart rate variability decreased risk of injury by 32% in cross-fit athletes. So some very meaningful things but we do have to I guess understand which interventions are taking place already. Okay and I just have a question out of curiosity as as a martial artist and you've worked with you work with the UFC champion. So when when the athlete is peaking there there's going to be that one week within a training camp of where that chronic chronic overtraining takes place. Some of it, some of it does happen. How do you manage that? How do you manage that with your athletes with this data? So Henry Suhudo for example, we're now in training camp number four that we the first one was largely an observational face right we really wanted to stick with this current training schedule. There would be days where he would wake up and he'd feel great ready to spar but his nervous system would be depleted. And I would have to step in and say I know you feel great but your nervous system's not where the high risk of injury and a low risk of making ad adaptation anyways. Right so at first it does come down to just asking them to take days off. Over time what this type of training, this intensity, this load will have this impact on their sleep in their recovery. So now you start to build training programs with data around basically peaking properly. UFC MMA is one of those sports. It's inevitable. There's going to be some phase of over-training largely when we get to things like weight cutting. You know this isn't a natural healthy process to try and lose 25 pounds in a few days. We all you really do in that phase is trying to manage it. The best you can through proper gut health and things like that. Okay that's awesome and so now now that we've talked about that measurement and how this relates to CES let's talk about readiness and Kyle I'll let you jump in there again. Yeah so go back a little bit to the to the sleep so getting into the ready and the sleep we know that we need to establish and adapt to these these optimal sleep paths and we have getting rhythms you know sleep can cyclical and one of the things we see is that we have kind of a hormones served. So there's been structures that show there's a growth hormone serves that occur every two hours whenever we get low long sleep and it's important to to know that growth hormone you know acts on many tissues to help promote healing and recovery and growth but it also influences other hormone or vital to recovery so we can we can see this in insulin like growth factor that all plays a role in that so getting tracking the you know tracking HRV being able to understand those patterns really using that to help to adapt you know healthy sleep patterns are going to be vital to recovery which help to assess you up for the next day training program so that's going to be your readiness and some interesting things that we see here too is that that sleep deprivation so if you're not getting the you know the hormone release over time if that's not helping to repair and restore those tissues we also see an increase in stress hormones so we see an increase in cortisol and cortisol is is catabolic so you know by nature it's going to break down those cellular processes versus trying to to build them back up and we can also see that that really has an overall effect on protein synthesis so it has a negative impact on protein synthesis and it can actually increase some of those degradation pathways which really leads to a loss of muscle mass or atrophy or in in some cases too in the older population we see that it's related to to sarcopenia so all of those are going to be incredibly impactful on your readiness to train the next day and one of the things to talk about here with corrective is is using that corrective process the way that it's best for the client that day so we we oftentimes well we've had some great webinars here where we talk about the importance of corrective within all phases of the of the OPP model so we're really using it as an intelligent warm up so we can we can start to modify some of those exercises to where we're playing a role in that recovery so we're engaged it's an active recovery instead of doing a higher intensity out so that's the way we can use active to play a role in or that's the way we can use the the readiness to roll in the corrective exercise training and some of the the other whenever we look at these sleep sleep habits is poor sleep is going to have a big impact on your nutrition so we see that has a big impact on your decision making ability so those that are asleep to drive make poor nutritional choices that we know that nutrition is also going to have a significant impact on the ability to train on the ability to recover after that so it's really just developing patterns measuring that baseline and measure where we're adopting healthy patterns to optimize our recovery each and using the corrective program that to you know as part of an active recovery process in itself okay great and I have one more question that has come in and I think a lot of people we're excited to talk to you Kevin and this one comes from a Daniel thank you for watching today Daniel and he wants to know has there been any research as there have been any research what we've seen on HRV during different stimulus response curves for example the stimulus is applied then we see the adaptation followed by super compensation yeah certainly I think that's really what we're going to dive into next week it's a lengthy discussion but certainly you want to understand there there's generally going to be a sympathetic stress response immediately following exercise this is kind of inevitable what you're really going to look for is more that super compensation compensation phase that kind of pair a sympathetic rebound and how that relates to your heart rate variability in the following sleep session this this is going to be the most important phase to look at I guess the kind of stress response model okay and the way I like the way it is on the the bio strap website where you talk about the huh siliase general adaptation syndrome of the way it positions that that over training as either recovery or exhaustion because you're going to have that stimulus you're going to have that adaptation and then you can either recover you're recovered or you start to get into that exhaustion so I think that provides a nice little visually around the website certainly and that that is something where we're developing and expanding upon right now is the heart rate variability it's going to automatically you know factor into a recovery score which is a easy to understand zero to 100 but there's also the little message on there that says go easy or excellent ready to perform the the next phase of development that I'm working on is then breaking that down into subsystem trying to understand today's a great day for speed and power development but perhaps you should avoid endurance training and in like you touch on I think it's so meaningful is it's all about achieving adaptation and the most efficient manner possible right so what we really want to understand is is how adaptation occurs training itself is the stressor physical or mental this largely occurs during phases of sleep in recovery so we should sleep better and recover better to optimize our training and that you know a little bit different than how it's typically looked at yeah and I think it's important to to point out that that should be planned you know recovery strategies should be something that are mindful and they're planned so they they're they're setting up they talk about sleep hygiene so people are starting to set up to where they're trying to you know strategize to maximize their sleep efficiency but then also other parts of recovery it's not just something that is passive you know I'll I'll do this or it's not just a day of being out of the gym it's something that again planned it's a strategy it's an active process and I think developing those those habits having a tool to assist and that habit development I think's very powerful okay so thank you gentlemen for that discussion thank you for your question Daniel and Raul also asked a question regarding references you wanted to know if there were references to read more about the use application of HRV and training Kevin do you have anything that we can pick up to teach you to use this slide number 13 here we'll we'll give the references that we talked about here in in this particular conversation but I'd be more than happy I mean I can attach my email address here we have quite a bit on our website we are building you know hopefully some some educational portals around this as well there there's a lot of mixed research out there so we really want to have one one resource that's very credible and doesn't just talk about heart rate variability but also how to apply that in a training setting okay thank you and so now what we want to we're still continuing the conversation regarding read for training and adaptation and that's a confluence of three of three things that we can see diagram there we're talking about rest we sleep as king can we if we can agree on that sleep as if you manage or sleep if that's the one thing you do we want to we want to start there sleep psychological relaxation we want to regenerate with movement strategies and we want to also refuel with nutrition and hydration so what I'd like you gentlemen to do is let's let's take one of these take each of these one by one and discuss some optimal ways that people can maximize each of these factors Kyle you already talked about sleep but let's talk about stress management and the psychological relaxation you will need to yes I would love you to talk about that love for you to talk about that you know stress management I think is one of those things that it can be very different for each person you know learning how you best manage your stress and finding something that is that is meaningful to you so it could be reading a book it could be you know just relaxing with nothing happening there is a lot of a lot of good great information out there about meditation which which I don't practice meditation but again it's one of those trying some of those different types of strategies and seeing what it works best for you for that psychological relaxation if our goal is really for focused on training or focused on that adaptation psychological relaxation probably shouldn't be having a drink and alcohol adult beverage it should be something that is you know that is a bit more beneficial but I guess that can be can be debated so I think there's a lot of different things there you can go with the psychological relaxation finding out what's meaningful for you what helps you genuinely relax and allows you to to take your mind off of off of things that are problematic and I have one question and I'll let you gentlemen volley this so we have we're training we educate people out of train properly here at NASM people have those their their life stressors and those events that go in in their life both sets of both sets of stimuli trigger that that HPA access now can your does your body your brain nervous system tell the difference between each stressor or does it just kind of respond to each stimulus as it comes in bodies going to have the same response to the stimulus regardless of what it is the the more stressful the stimulus the the more productive the response would be so the quicker the body is going to go into a sympathetic response with the fire flight you know whether the body needs to or not that's the way that's the way we'll rock wired to respond and we should be thankful for those responses because it's allowed us to to develop as a species the way we have you know if I'm if I don't like something then I can turn and and run away in my body triggers piece of adrenaline and other hormones to help me do that so it's going to have the same response you know one of the things we have to that we'll with as an as an evolved society is learning wind to our learning how to mitigate our response to certain stressors so a lot of times I think one of the the negative things is that we're forced to just sort of marinate in some of these these this the stress response whenever we biologically aren't what to do that so finding a nice way to relieve some of that so if you go to work and you don't like your boss or your boss is something you don't like you can't punch a face but maybe try to relax a little bit there with some some moments or some meditation and then try to release some of that stress at the gym later on yes that's uh you definitely want to also plan those sorts of recovery very much like you would your your physical recovery uh I don't not plug in any games but if you do want to a blow off tension and that's the way you do it there is an amazing app called Drunken Barfight so VR app you should check that one out it's uh yeah you you you may pass out from the laughter so let's talk about some of the uh refueling strategies as it relates to HRV and recovery and what are some uh what are some baselines what are some uh some things that we'd want to hit with consumption of our uh macro nutrients and levels of hydration so to have a positive influence on HRV yeah go ahead Kevin all right uh yeah my my first degrees in physiological psychology so I I studied a lot about uh I guess psychological approaches one thing that we really studied was the microbiome that right um something that I think people kind of think they understand but it's very common right the basics is avoiding gluten soy dairy greasy foods but the gut really controls about 90 percent of our parasympathetic nervous system our ability to arrest digest and relax a big turning point microrear with some landmark research studies that I'm happy to send uh where we showed that actual nutrition approaches micro macro and um probiotic interventions were actually blowing away what we had seen with a pharmaceutical model around SSRIs and psychotrophics so we can actually see that nutrition it plays every component in both health and performance physical and mental health hydration goes hand in hand um I think there's a lot of crude estimations out there the half of your body weight announces maybe a great starting point but this doesn't take into account physiological differences there's really no general one size fits all and then we have to get into the type of water that you're drinking pH plays a big factor in these types of things as well so the kind of component here is and it's not the best scientific answer it's kind of a guess and check right you you want to understand your food sensitivities you should know which foods you should absolutely avoid but when it comes down to determining the best nutrition program for you specifically you really have to you know utilize some sort of objective system something like the bio strap without selling that too hard uh baseline start this new nutrition intervention I do intermittent fasting every single day because I see about a 32% increase in my heart rate variability in a huge jump in my sleep efficiency I get significantly better deep sleep um some people you know thrive on ketogenic diet where others have very poor responses to it so I I think that general concept largely around nutrition is there's certain things you should avoid but the rest comes down to uh individual physiology okay thank you thank you for that explanation and uh Kyle was speaking about movements for strategies and and your work regarding flexibility uh can a change in posture uh in increase your stress response and effect and effect your uh autonomic nervous system in some way it can I believe that was was an Amy cutty Amy cutty I believe it was one of the authors on one of those studies that looked at how quickly the body's posture can influence their their hormone profile so looking at power postures and then I believe it was a power posture held for about two minutes they measured I forget how much but there was a of boost and test nostril and then they looked at more of a so this is posture and I think again it was held for two minutes and then they noticed a boost in cortisol so it can very quickly impact impact your hormone profile and one of the things we don't know for sure but we kind of infer some of this is if we if we can use a corrective strategy to make it easier to get into a nice powerful posture and power posture can be a different couple different things but think of a you know good posture so you're upright being more expansive as oftentimes of a power posture so I believe in the the study with with cutting the put hands on the hips I think was one of them and I think another one was maybe hands behind the head so those types of postures are associated with increase in in the good hormones um and if we make it easier to do that through a corrective strategy then you know the argument would be well you could do it more often so then you could use a corrective process absolutely to improve posture which should have an effect on your hormones how you feel your overall overall well being okay and also and I don't if you if I'm throwing you a curve ball you can say save it for later but what about the postures influence and and also breathing proper breath control on on influencing stress hormones and that stress response can you touch on how those are related the breathing may be better for Kevin to touch on I would say very quickly that if you're if you're a or kind of a high level overview if we look at the sympathetic versus parasympathetic with with inhalation and exhalation if we're focusing on you know nice diaphragmatic breathing belly breathing a very long exhalation then we could you know emphasize that parasympathetic response certainly breathing and posture and kind of neuroread in general go hand in hand with the nervous system something we really emphasize if you could imagine a Henry Suhodo Olympic gold medalist wrestler comes in with the major forward head posture thoracic hypothesis all of these things we we baseline them everything looks really good but he has a abnormally high respiratory resting you know while sleeping we do a lot of you know neuroread type of approaches there we see versus respiratory rate gets back to baseline but then we start to see improvements in his nocturnal heart rate variability his sleep his hemodynamic recovery now his heart rate is recovering faster in between you know intervals or in that one minute around that one minute that they get in between rounds so regardless of the population specifically maybe these executives that spend a lot of the time at the desk or these elite athletes who spend a lot of time in flexion one of the most meaningful things that we can do is correct their posture minimize any kind of diaphragmatic mechanical restriction because now we're just going to you know kind of always revert to you know chest breathing when really what we were born doing and what we should be doing is breathing from that diaphragm I find breathing interventions to be one of the most meaningful and and sometimes a little time consuming one of the most meaningful interventions that we can make in populations across the board we often revert to some some helpful devices which I think will really dive into next week but there's a specifically one validated device that takes less than two minutes per day and it's been validated to increase everything from your VO2 max to encourage diaphragmatic breathing to having impacts on things like your circulation and your sleep parameters okay so and let's move down that we're let's stay with the movement strategies for second and I want to answer I want to ask a question that was sent to us by and forgive me if I butcher your name a macarina a macarina she right don't know I can't see the picture but a macarina what I'd like to know what about clients that look at exercise as relieve says I have a lot of client runners that practice exercise to release stretch now how do we how do we resolve that with understanding that we need to based on what our HRB is telling us modulate the intensity from from day to day. Oh I'll take that one yeah there's a lot of clinical validation around exercises catharsis right more subjective reporting around it is a great stress relieving tool this is something I actually have been experimenting with myself with all of the gym closures of historically been a strength athlete I've never been an endurance guy probably hadn't run more than a miles sense high school and at first gym close I got to get out there I got to relieve my stress so I start increasing my training volume all the way up to where I was running upwards of about five to six miles every single day I was seeing a great increase in my heart rate variability and then I hit a wall and I started to see this relative decrease so I actually found a way to to utilize heart rate variability to calibrate the right training volume knowing I need that for my stress relief but also knowing I don't want that negatively impact you know training does have malad you know an maladaptive impact on the body so it's great to us once again incorporate that it's at your stress when you're over doing it and maybe better to actually they often recover. Do you find with that that if you the person's question you know they interpreted as they they need exercise to help you know manage and mitigate stress but do you find that that knowledge the data if they're able to look at something that says you know although I feel like I need to run this is telling me I shouldn't run today so it's going to be okay for that question makes sense. The data helps them with their decision to take a day off if they need to I I certainly I think just looking at them for every single day this sounds like a population of very competitive individual right which there's a lot of them out there they're sleep score and their recovery score is a number that they will in fact compete for. So if this means taking a day off and training to not only improve your health but get this better sleep in recovery score that your friends and your family members that you're competing against can actually see we see people change their behaviors. We did a decent study with a university out here in Arizona and we actually found with no interventions just by throwing this wearable on their wrist that they actually all improve their sleep duration sleep efficiency tended to maintain a better circadian rhythm they were taking more steps just simply by looking at the numbers no intervention no recommendation. Yeah and that would you know princess to continue on this I think that's really where corrective comes in too you know you have that client that they they find you know exercise maybe something that's a bit more intense as a as a as a stress relief however if they have the data and if they're able to to partner that with a corrective workout that is is going to help promote recovery so we we could do you know a total body total body body weight type of the training program but we're using it to promote recovery then it can be a nice marriage to kind of help offset that that consistent need for for that higher intensity exercise. Yes that I think that's a great point so let me ask both of you this and this is this may may or may not be a personal question but I know this guy was late 40s and is into martial arts and uses that as a stress reliever so there's there's no there's no concept of not going into training because that there's where that mental and emotional release happens how could we use this data to help guide modulate the training sessions from day to day because as you know Kevin Marshall Artists have one year yes at any level certainly I definitely think that the point is to never tell anybody to not do anything right you need some sort of stress relief but maybe we can modify your behavior if you're going to see quantifiable improvement out of it has a post is saying you know apprentice I think I know who you were talking about there take the day off that may not be something you're actually going to do but if I could say do this respiratory muscle training or do this meditation which which we have built into the bioshrap and you actually you get a great little score after and it tells you exactly how that impacted your physiology right the idea is let's remove all of the food food we can actually show you an objective quantifiable improvement you know you get a little little burst of your your feel goods there as well your serotonin bump just from seeing that little score improve at the end so the idea is I think we we do have that uphill battle it was not easy to get Henry Sehudo to take days off when he lived in this wrestling go hard all day every day but when you start to actually see the physiological improvement you start to feel better at less pain it's it's a little easier to modify that behavior but that there does take a phase of believing in the process for sure yes definitely so on this last I think this I do believe this is our last slide and we're coming up to the hour and this is going to be a teaser for what we do in the next couple of webinars talking about how we measure in turpent the day and then final webinar we're going to talk about programming but first of all we need to collect some data we need to get into the the client our client's life and understand what what they're going through to understand what we need to do to module or to make changes in their lifestyle so Kyle can you walk us through this questionnaire briefly tell us what we want to get out of this I can I can so one of the things of our questionnaires in general we know you can read through the questions and this is a a bit of an adapted version that will be in our new corrective exercise text the the questionnaire that makes it into the text will look a little little prettier than this one but the you can see what the questions are there but one of the big things about these type of readiness and recovery questionnaires is getting the client to think about it if you're asking this on a regular basis every time you meet with the client if you're asking them how many hours of sleep did you get last night I should also say too this is an absence of having you know wearable wearable device that helps you monitor and track this but but it's a daily thing every day you every time you meet with them how did you sleep what was your what was your nutrition like what was your recovery like what were your regeneration what were your pre-activity your post activity strategies and it's not necessarily that we're looking for a particular answer that we do have some bullets there some things that will be considered optimal we do want to track and you know start to establish some sort of a baseline but again it's just that that will wear you know continuously asking them about it and there was a program that I've used before and I think we may be familiar everybody's familiar with it but I won't mention it but they had a thing where they would send they would send a message to their users and it was a daily message to where it would ask some very similar types of questions and again the whole thing was getting them to think about it how did you how did you sleep what did you do for your your warmup what did you do for your recovery in general how are you feeling today so it was a daily thing of just remembering and thinking about it okay so thank you for that and we've come actually one more question and this comes in from Aaron and this is for you Kevin and he wants to know if Biosdrap has a chest strap it appears he's an activity that he can't work out with anything on the wrist. Yes we do have external heart rate monitor that you can run either the forearm or the chest this is only going to collect real time heart rate and heart rate variability so the ideal situation is you wear the wrist sensor to sleep and then you would wear the chest strap you know during during physical activity. Okay okay thank you and we have another question from Jeff thank you and by the way thank all of you who've asked questions and those of you who are watching right now Jeff wants to know how did someone's ability to adapt to new healthy sleep patterns and exercise schedules impact deviation of ideal size intensities and he gives an example he continues running five miles a day was improving Kevin your HRV and then ultimately started to be a detriment to your HRV he continues I would think that someone adapt to a program physiologically let's see he adapts to the program physiologically the positive games with lesson because they're more fit and possibly that alone could give a negative reading to HRV so he's asking could your adaptation to the exercise over time give a negative reading to your HRV if your body truly adapting the heart rate variability at very least should plateau it shouldn't necessarily decrease the example that I gave is I was testing different volumes I was improving my own cardio output so I was one mile two mile three more as soon as I hit above five and I started doing eight plus mile runs that's where I started to see the big dip now I'm back I found my five miles kind of my little sweet spot do this every single morning and then what's really great is we actually apply the machine learning to that as well so I get this little insight that says your heart rate variability is this percent better on days you put out you know more active calororic expenditure and you sleep better when you go to sleep by this time so the idea is you know definitely a you do have to calibrate it does take a while to adapt but you shouldn't see a maladaptive trend that there's no reason why you know if you're applying the right stressor the right dose recovering properly you really shouldn't see a negative decline unless there's external factors such as alcohol and things like that okay I hope that answered it I hope that that did answer it thank you Jeff for that question and we are we've come up to the end of the webinar thank you for everybody who who watched today thank you Kevin for providing us with a lot of great information and thank you as always a Kyle and today our offer for you for watching is you get to say 35 percent on the new CES course you use the code webinar 23 and this is a phone only code and that number is a eight seven seven three one eight two seven that's eight eight seven seven three one eight two seven and before we before we sign off today uh Kevin do you have any takeaways what what do we need to know the biggest thing we need to take away from this webinar today I think the the general concept is everyone's talking about training smarter not just harder everybody wants adaptation in the safest and most efficient manner possible and heart rate variability is one of these metrics that we should all be applying to our clients um it is now available it's remote monitoring it's it's scalable it's cost effective so what we need to focus on is one understanding a little bit better which is what we try to cover today and to how to build that into how to program how to periodize right uh something that we are building into our bio strap where it's going to tell you exactly what your client should do for the day but we really want the education behind that people should not be blindly following artificial intelligence algorithms around this is what you should train this is what you should you know you're busy these are the days you should relax there should be the human interaction there so what I really want to do why we're not putting our discount code up today is we want to get through all three of these webinars we want everybody to understand heart rate variability how to apply it and we're going to do some case studies on different populations and then we're going to have a great offer for you guys after that yes thank you for that and yes if you just follow the data AI just blindly sky net wins so uh Kyle what are your uh what are your takeaways today and then what's in store for us in these next two webinars um I do want to say really quickly can we go to the next slides so that way people can see the references as we're wrapping up here um so really just to build on what Kevin said use use the data available you know use the technology that we have to try to establish and maximize these patterns that are really going to promote that that optimal readiness or that optimal uh recovery and and adaptation you know I think that's one of the things as we we get stuck in our own habits we get stuck in our own patterns and we want to do this specific thing for this specific reason yet we don't really have a real rhyme or reason to do it technologies if they're a little to really start to learn more about ourselves and specifically how we respond and I know we don't have time for more stories but one of the things I learned about myself was several years ago tracking this was uh how much travel affected me and then I could really you know start to program and plan my training around my travel to make sure that I wasn't over doing it um on it was actually the day after I traveled whenever I would notice the biggest changes so just using that you know the technologies of it you know what we need to adopt it and start using it um coming up on the the other one you know one of the big ones uh the the big thing with the webinar is going to be that webinar three where we really start to look at the case studies and look at exactly how to apply to three different types of clients or athletes I think that's going to be a huge for for our listeners okay thank you again gentlemen for for sharing your information with us today and thank you Greg in the Brown for uh keeping this uh a well-oiled machine and uh we will see all uh next time webinar two on next Tuesday same time have a great afternoon everyone and be safe