Welcome back and today's world, Stress Eating is real. During times of stress, our body's crave simple carbohydrates and sugar. It's an easy, quick hit of comfort, but ultimately can derail healthy behaviors, cause weight gain, and lead to poor client adherence. So how do you help clients who struggle with excess stress and stress eating as their coping mechanism? What are helping them to eliminate the stressors altogether? You can help them with tools for stress management and also help them identify when they are turned into food as a coping mechanism. To do this, I want to introduce this concept using an acronym called Holt. Holt refers to a four-seable questions that you can ask to determine if your clients are physiologically hungry or psychologically hungry. The questions are, am I hungry, at the age, am I anxious, the A, am I lonely, the L, or am I tired, the T? You see, in only one of these situations, does the client really feel hunger? And all others, it's psychological hunger, and we might be turning to food to really help us distract or entertain ourselves. So to determine if I'm really hungry, I just simply ask myself, would I really help me choice that I normally love to eat a peeled me right now? And for me, that's usually, would grilled chicken and veggies a peeled me right now? And if the answer is no, we're then on pop-ably experiencing another emotion, and I'm really trying to run away from that feeling. Now if person is tired, research just shown that we actually try to eat ourselves awake. Studies have shown that we eat approximately 350 more calories per day when we're sleep deprived than one or not. So in any case, and only one of these situations does eating make sense. And all others really food is serving as an urge or craving. And if that's the case, you can use that strategy of urge serving and teach your clients to ride that urge wave until that feeling passes. Then again, if they still feel like maybe they want something in 15 to 20 minutes, they can use that help acronym again to determine what they might be experiencing. The more they practice the strategy, like discussed in the previous video, the more they practice riding out that urge wave, the more likely they are to unlearn that negative pattern of stress eating. Thanks for joining me.