Have you or your clients ever had a snack-sadent to me neither? The fact of the matter is we get a lot of calories from snacks alone. In fact, research shows that Americans eat about 25% of calories from snacks every single day. You heard that right? A quarter of all calories just from snacks. Now I'm actually not saying this is good, nor bad. The truth is it depends. You know what I mean by that? Well, it depends means there are a lot of variables around what, when and how to snack. What does snacks look like? How much of your clients eating both in volume and frequency? And why do we snack? Let's unpack this a bit more to provide real-life examples of what to look for along with some snack options and examples of actual foods. Now before we even get into that, the real question is what is a snack? Well, basically a snack is the eating occasion between traditional meals, which other find here as breakfast, lunch, and dinner. So snacking would be anything before between or after those traditional meals. Then we have to consider what is in a snack itself. As a general rule of thumb, snacks should be relatively small. Maybe a couple hundred calories or so depending on goals. And should I deal with some fiber, some protein, and some fat? Now that's not tremendously specific, and this isn't an attrition course either. So you can get a lot more in depth on this topic through articles on the NSM site, among other reputable sites as well. But that's a good general starting point. Remember protein, fiber, and fat for your snacks. Next, why do we even snack it all? Well, a recent survey found the number one reason is because people are hungry or thirsty. I could live with that. The second is craving something sweet. And the list goes on and on. But that's important information in terms of what you may suggest to a client. If they're craving something sweet, for example, a new suggestion, a handful of raw almonds, well your recommendation isn't going to stick, at least for a long. This goes back to working to understand a client's identity and how they see themselves. That may not be something that you glean from a simple conversation. But after working closely with them, it may be something you'll better understand. The snacking also fit with your client's desired outcomes. Now there are a lot of variables around this. What are their goals? What are those desired outcomes? But when you understand what the outcome goal is, of course, working through that with them, helping a client work on their process goals can include answering these questions. Why? What? How much? etc. To help them figure out the best plan to navigate the snack aisle. That's it for today. See you in the next video.