Welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie and I'm looking forward to having a conversation today that's going to be just a sad, sad, different than one that we normally have. So we're not going to be talking about a seedle-coline. We're not going to be talking about sleep and how identifying build up and the length tension relationships and the sliding, no, we're not talking about any of that stuff today. We're talking about probably what's even more important to many people out there, particularly gym owners and people that want stuff in their home gyms because you get a lot of things. I know it was a gym owner where I've got several locations and I just wonder, what is the right equipment for me? What are the reviews? Can I get some understanding of equipment that I've never seen, but it looks cool. Today we've got the right person for you. Today we are, we're delighted to have coupe Mitchell with us and he is the owner and reviewer of garagegimreviews.com and he's going to be on here and I'm going to pepper him with my own questions because as somebody who owns fitness facilities, I got some questions about some things that I have in there. So I want his opinions, but you guys too, as you're listening to the live version of this on Facebook, if you want to ask questions and as we take her down towards the end of our conversation, then our producer Greg will go in and find out what your questions are about particular equipment, questions you may have, what's the quality of certain things, how are they made, what are some of the intricacies that you may have questions about. I think our guest today is the right guy for it. I'm going to have an introduce himself, talk a little bit about the business and apparently the business that he used to be in before he got into this. So, coupe, a pleasure to have you on, man, introduce yourself. Tell us a little bit about you. Yeah, thanks for having me on. My name is Cooper Mitchell, but most people call me coupe on the internet and as we were talking previously, I kind of said that one reason I went by coupe was because I was trying to kind of be somewhat anonymous online. It wasn't because I wanted something quick and easy. I was just thinking, you know, I'm going to hide my face. And then as we grew, we started to do YouTube and things like that, I started to have to be more the forefront. So kind of the way garage Jim started was I started a garage Jim, just kind of the short of it is I started a garage Jim and I had a rack, just a basic squat stand, a bar and some plates and that was it. But I'm one of those people who I can't just stop at one thing. It's like I've got this like this appetite that's insatiable. So I have to keep feeding it. And I'm kind of a gear head in any way. So at the time I was training for crossfit competitions, that was kind of what I was into. I just come out of playing collegiate hockey and I was trying to find something that was physically, you know, demanding and kind of feed that competitive itch. So I started training crossfit and I realized I wanted to get more sessions in than I could just at the gym. So I was like, okay, I'll start the garage Jim. And that's when I got the bar, the plates and the squat rack. Well I realized one as I was like researching reviews for different gym equipment products is there wasn't really anybody doing it. Like in the tech space, you see phone reviewers and there's 5,000 phone reviewers all reviewing the same exact phone. The thing can be said for, you know, I mean consumer reports, they're doing all different reviews. But fitness equipment back when I started, which was 2011, 2012 or so, there wasn't that many people that were doing it. So I saw it basically a need in the market and I decided I was going to see if I could fill it. So I decided to just create a basic website. We started with Instagram and I think that's all we did was we just had a basic website that I built on WordPress and Instagram. And my goal was, okay, how can I fill my gym and not have my wife mad at me because I had all this equipment, you know? Have you got that part out yet? Somewhat I still buy a lot of equipment, but now because it, you know, makes some money. It's a little bit easier to get around that. Number of the time I was just out of college, I had started a financial planning practice, a work for myself, my wife was in school, so money was tight, so it's like how can I make this happen and how can I maybe start something on the side where it could produce something come to. So I started garage and reviews. Basically what I did was I would write reviews on the equipment I'd have. I'd send it to companies, my quote unquote portfolio and I'd say, hey, this is a review I've done. It's very in depth. I've always been a decent writer, so I was like, it's very in depth. I tried to go in more in depth than I think anybody would need and I'd say, hey, I'd like to do this on your product as well. So initially I got a whole lot of nose, but I was used to being told no because I'd been in sales for a while. So I started cold calling some of these companies, making some contacts. And eventually I started getting some stuff sent to us for review. So it was like some jump ropes, some foam rollers, you know massage balls, all these like, you know, chin-sea, small little things. And over time it just started building up. And I realized, wow, there's a lot of people that have interest in this because we started getting emails like, hey, coupe, can you review this? Like just a lot of interest in the idea of people wanting reviews on equipment. Because you guys are mostly tailored towards those with commercial gyms, but there's this whole new market or a whole new section of the market that's continually growing and that's home gym owners. And so with home gym owners, they're looking for a little bit more budget friendly options. There's a whole lot more options to choose from. And so, you know, reviewing those sorts of things was a little bit easier. So over time we just continued to grow. I started putting more money into the website. We now have over 2,000. I think we're at 2,500 different reviews on products. We also crowd source reviews from people. So we have our reviews. GGR, garage and reviews. And we also have people in the community that have used products. They write reviews as well. We have our YouTube channel, which is around 130,000 subscribers right now, our Instagram, which just hit over 200,000 followers. And we just continue to grow. And the reason is because we provide honest in-depth reviews. We try to cut through the BS. So we tell people the way that it works is, hey, it's good. We want to say if it's good, if it's bad, it's got bad parts. And the thing is, we live in an imperfect world. So every product has good and bad parts of it. So we try to detail both of those in an in-depth manner. I don't sell anything I get. So I have this gym that I'm in. There's a three-car garage. I have a 3,500 square foot training studio that's full of gyms. And then I have about 15 garages in the area that are full of equipment from myself as well. So that allows me to take a barbell. I've got close to 130 barbells. It allows me to take a barbell and then compare it to another barbell in hand. So really we're able to provide something that nobody else can in that I've got everything here that I can review versus just going off memory. So that's kind of where we're at now. Garage gyms continue to grow. We're actually in one of the biggest growth periods of all time. Do to co-vid in the pandemic happening. And we just continue to try and provide people with honest information on products. All right. Well, I've got a question about the videos that seem to get the most views. And are they specific equipment that people tend to like more views on barbells than anything else or is it a positive review versus a negative review or is it expensive versus inexpensive? What are the most viewed versions of what you see on your website? So because home gym owners, I would say are buy and large. They're very price-conscious. And that's not just home gym owners. That's people in general. People want to get a home gym and get into a home gym as cheaply as possible. Because you've got to understand a lot of these people are coming from gym memberships. So they're paying in some cases as cheap as $10 a month, in some cases as much as $300 so there's a wide range there. So anytime we do a budget-friendly option, like I did a video, it was a $500 home gym. We did it right before the pandemic started. And it got, I think, $1.2 million views in a week. Yeah, yeah. And it's like it was honestly one of our worst-produced videos took the least amount of time. But people are interested in this idea of how can I get a home gym for as cheaply as possible. So yeah, things like that. Anytime we do low price or anytime we do equipment that's like stupid expensive, they do really well. Yeah. Do you have any how-to's? I mean, are you have any build your own versions or are they all purchase versions? No, we do a lot of DIY stuff. And that's kind of how the home gym community started. You know, it's like this underground thing. This is what I like to tell people. If four Instagram, home gyms were not nearly as pretty as they are today. You know, you also think of like just working out in general. When you used to go to the gym, you go to like a bodybuilding gym. It was like cut off tanks, stringers, like that sort of thing because it wasn't photographed as much. Now you go in, it's like gym, shark, lululemon, yoga pants, people are spending all this money and all this stuff because they're showing it off, not only there, but it's being shown off on Instagram too. Well, the same things with home gyms. Now home gyms, they try to set them up in such a way that their garages and their home gym setups. They look as pretty as, you know, like out of some, you know, like model or, you know, like magazine or something. They're trying to make them look as good as possible. So because of that, people are spending a lot more on like the aesthetics and things. And so yeah, there's a lot of different, I don't know, types of home gyms, but we're seeing them more and more go towards like epic setups. It's happening a lot. Now let's get into some of the things that you've reviewed. Are there any kind of super unique things that you've come across where you're like, I don't even know how to lift this or how to put it on or what to do with it. Like can you talk us through some of that stuff? Yeah, so there's a lot of specialty bars that are coming out lately and the reason specialty bars, I think, have become so successful is previously the home gym market wasn't as important to like companies that were making products. So they would sell like, you know, 10, 20 different bars to one place. And it was like a commercial gym. Well, a commercial gym isn't going to typically buy 20 different specialty bars, though buy one specialty bar of like a safety squat bar, then the buy a football bar, then the buy like a buffalo bar, that sort of thing. Well, now home gyms, consumers, they're buying those just for their one gym. And you look at a neighborhood and there's, you know, 500 houses in this one neighborhood. So there's all much more potential for selling these unique products. So specialty bars is one that has come up really quickly. There's a lot of unique ones out there like we just reviewed one called the Mars bar. And it's a safety squat bar. Yeah, that's got the yolk that comes all the way around. Is it a safety squat bar, though? Well, you know, that's a good question. It looks like a safety squat bar. It feels completely different. It hits the, it hits so much lower on your back. So it's a much more hip dominated squat. It's, it's just a different movement. But then there's, there's a lot of gimmicky stuff that's out there too that doesn't stay on the market for really long. But I think one part of the market that's kind of become revolutionary. And I think when it started, it kind of came as a fad, but it's become really popular. That's belt squats. Belt squats have started to become really popular because there's a lot of different, I mean, for like personal training for instance, you're dealing with a wide range of clientele. So some clients have back issues and all sorts of like, you know, biomechanne, like difficult ways to squat. They don't know how to squat. It's difficult. They're scared of a barbell. Well, you can put somebody in a hip, you know, harness, put them on a belt squat. It's easy to show them how to squat. It takes out the low back. But then there's a lot of, you know, versatility that can be had with them in a garage gym setting for like pull ups, dips, squats, marches, jumps, lunges, all those sorts of things. So those would become really popular too. Do you see that people are that like larger gyms are gravitating toward this? Or is this still kind of an underground garage gym situation that you see with that? No, I think they are. And I think again, that's predicated by the Instagram, you know, like the photos of your gym in the content you're displaying on Instagram and just social media in general is often a like a business card for your gym, right? Like people want to put in good equipment. They want it to look good. So having these things that everybody is seen online, well, a lot of your clientele, if you want a gym, they're going to be coming to you and saying, hey, I saw this piece of equipment on Instagram, why don't we have it? Or is this a way that you can add it to the gym? And because of that, the consumer is starting to like, you know, nag on their gym owners to buy these sorts of things, like glue drives and all these different things, you know, that I think ordinarily they wouldn't be there. But because the consumers kind of driving that market, I think it is. Now, are you getting any reviews from kind of larger companies? I mean, I think that they're obviously their rogue, but there are some other ones, like I buy a lot of equipment from get our rest. You know, I believe that SORNX is one of those companies that just comes up with really cool ideas. And I don't know if you're like, guys, I can't, I don't even know how to start reviewing some of the stuff that you have. You know, like, are you getting kind of hit from different sizes of companies? Yeah. So anything that you got to understand, a lot of gym equipment is very similar in that it's made of some sort of steel, typically 11 gauge. They're fashion in some way, a lot of it revolves around the squat rack. And that's typically the Jimmy equipment that I think is often viewed as like, okay, these are your basic for home gym. But it's only so much fun to review so many, you know, bumper plates, barbells, squat racks, that sort of thing. Because it becomes very state, like, a lot of them are similar. I don't really even need to, I can just hold them one time or get them in or see a picture. And I pretty much have a good idea of what I'm going to say about it. Something that's kind of grown in popularity that we've started to review more is the smart home gym or like smart, you know, type of training apparatus is. So we're talking like, tonal, we've got a tonal inside that we're reviewing Peloton. I've got a Peloton right here. All those sorts of like, you know, connected piece of Jimmy equipment. We've started to review more. There's actually one that we're reviewing right now. I can't release the company because it's still in, like, prototype phase. It's out at MIT, but it's basically a 3D camera. That track, your movements and is able to tell you biomechanically, if you're hitting depth, it's able to help you like with your different squat mechanics. It's able to track your reps. It's able to track the weight that's on the bar. And it's all just housed in a 3D camera that's got to display a touch to a, like, a tablet. So things like that, we're starting to review more velocity-based trainers, all that sort of stuff. I really like that stuff because I really like tech. And I'm glad that to see tech come into the gym. I think that's going to be a, you know, a force multiplier for people getting working out more because you see it with Fitbit. Everybody loves their Apple watch where they have to fill the circle. Everybody loves their Fitbit. Well, if you can take that tech and combine it with strength training, I think that's going to be very popular. I will say this a few years ago. My dad was working out at the YMCA in Florence, Alabama. And he said to me, when I came to visit, he goes, son, I want you to look at this. I've lifted more than 4 million pounds this year. And he was really proud of that. And it's cost they had these tried and they were selectorized machines. But you kind of type in your data, your information, and it knows who you are. And then when you put the pin in, it knows what weight it is. It knows how many reps that you've done, how many sets that you've done. And it calculates it over time. And that was something that was just, you know, because the number so big, it's such a wonderful point of pride. Now I had no idea. I was like, I don't even know how much 4 million pounds is. I can't even compute that, right? So, but it's something that's really cool that we see that even people like my father are really interested in. And when we look at Fitbit, which was recently acquired by Google, and you've got the Apple Watches and all of the garment and the wearable tech doing biometrics, this tech no gym that is really dominating and allowing other companies to use them as a platform to create their online tech. I think tech's going to be a big thing. So I'm happy to see that the garage gyms are also kind of enrolling in this concept and people are picking up on it. Now don't get me wrong. I'm not opposed to just going to the garage and completely unplug and just do your thing and lift your weight. It is pretty cool to see that connection between the tech and just a moderate garage gym as opposed to a big YMCA or a large company that you see connecting. Definitely. Well, gamifying anything has proven that humans will do whatever you want them to do. So we see that with Facebook and all big tech companies. The reason they gamify things is because they want you to complete some action. So if your goal is to have people work out more, work out more effectively, do it more often than adding gamifying badges and the circles because we want to complete things where people that we don't like things that are incomplete. Even if it's silly and virtual and nothing that you actually hold or do anything with, it does give you a sense of like, yeah, I really want to do it. Like 4 million pounds. That sounds a lot. But when you think about it, like that's every rep tracking the weight on every, you know, I mean, so it's like, well, it's 4 million pounds that much. We don't know because it's a new thing. That said, it makes you feel like man, yeah, like your tech 4 million pounds. You know, I'm the world's strongest man. You know, it's like, okay, well, how many people are you talking about? I'm going to put that looked like. I was like, well, that sounds impressive. Yeah, great job. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well, it is, it is a lot of fun to see some of these things going on. What are I curious about? Just some of the different things that you're seeing. Like, when it comes to benches, I know that I was surprised when I first, I was going to jump in and, oh, expensive. Just something else. So I could pick something up with could be. You know, what are some of the things you're looking at? Are you looking at the pad on on it? You're looking at the make as it is easy to move around. Is it too big? Is it too small? I want to know about some little things. And then if you could go through just what people should have in their garage gym. Now, I know different strokes for different folks. And I get that, but just like you got to have the nuts and bolts somewhere. And I think you're a great guy to provide that. Yeah, so for benches specifically, and we have an article called The Best Weight Benches of 2020 that we update every time a new bench comes out. But I go through, kind of like the characterizations that I look for in a bench. But if you're talking just a basic flat bench, one thing that I think has become really popular at looking at now and one thing we always cover is the country of origin for the materials, where it's manufactured, where it's assembled, where it's designed, all those sorts of things because I think it wasn't as big of a deal maybe 10 years ago. Now especially because of a pandemic and more things that are going on, a lot of people went made in the USA equipment matters to them. So I don't try to give too much of an opinion on that because I'm not trying to get political, however at the same time, I try to make sure people know where it's from, a lot of companies try to hide that from us. But you know, we're able to find it out, thankfully due to contact. So, you know, if it's made in the USA, that typically has a feeling of higher quality. Does that mean it's higher quality? No, not by any means, but I think more often things that are made in the USA do have better quality than China, at least from what we've seen. So that's one in addition to that. If you're thinking of flat bench, you all have to think of your use case. So if you're somebody who's planning on powerlifting and using a lot of heavy weight on bench, you're going to want to high weight capacity. So having something that doesn't have a spine all the way down the middle is going to lead to a bench that kind of comes in more. It's going to flex more. You want to solid platform if you're going to bench on. Regardless of if you're doing heavier not so you don't want it to cave in, you want to, you don't want to spine beneath it. So you're looking at the gauge of steel of the actual frame. If you're also powerlifting, what type of setup do you use? You know, if you're putting your legs under the bench when you're doing an arch for a bench, then you're probably going to want a three post bench. So there's a lot of competition style benches that are based on combo benches that use a single post in the front. Two legs in the back and that allows you to basically tuck your feet under. If you'd like and still have a stable platform. So another thing to look for are wheels and handles like how portable is it. There are some benches that are coming out from rogue and some others that have foldable legs. So you can fold the legs in, put it up on the wall, make it easy. I mean, home gyms, one of your biggest detriment to home gym is the amount of space you have. So a lot of people are working with a one car garage and they're still parking in the garage. So being able to like move everything onto the walls and park in your garage, that's something to look for. In addition, you're looking at the foam material that's used a lot of benches today are using like a single layer of foam. But you know, sometimes it's nice to have a thick dense layer of foam and then like a carpet pad on top for a little bit more comfort. You're also looking at the width of the bench. I started this again boring, but these are things I'm thinking about. But if you're looking at the width of the bench, so how wide is the top? If you want something a little bit wider, you know, like the rogue Thompson fat pad. It's almost I think 15 or 14 inches wide. It's a really wide pad. If you're not used to that or if you're not a big person, it may not feel as good. You're looking at the vinyl. Is it a grippy vinyl? Is it going to grip your shirt so you can dig into it when you're pressing your scabs. That's something that matters because if you think about you're doing a heavy bench on a slick vinyl top and you slip. Well, you're looking at it the potential for injury. You're looking at a mislift like all sorts of things. So that's something that matters as well. And then ultimately, I think you're looking at prices as well. What do the features and this is what we often do when we recommend things is I'm not looking for the absolute best. I'm looking for the best value for most people. How do the features quality, everything like that compared to the price? Because if the features are way up here and the prices way up here, well, you know, it doesn't really matter as much. I'm looking for some. Maybe a little bit less features less quality, but a lower price point. That's the intersection where most people want to purchase for a home gym. So those are some of the things I'm looking for. I know also that that weight of the kind of the utensil matters and and it's not just because of how easy it is to transport it in the gym, but how expensive it is to to transport it to your house. So that that was something else that when I first priced out my very first gym, I didn't think about. Where. And I thought oh my goodness, I am so over budget because it's heavy. Jim equipment is heavy and it cost a lot of money to get it to where it needs to go and that's something that has to be considered. Now mine is a gym, a training gym, not a home gym, so I had more equipment than most people, but it's something that's got to be considered. Oh, definitely. Yeah, it's a great point. So you also have to consider like is the piece of equipment welded together as it bolted because of its bolted. So it can break down, put it in a box and you don't have to ship freight if it's welded all together like some racks used to be all welded. They'd weld all the panels together. They weren't thinking about shipping costs. So it's ship on this big, you know, pallet. Well, today pretty much all racks are bolted together because they can come down together. The user is able to assemble it. It makes it cheaper. It's not that much, you know, weaker welds versus steel welds versus bolts. So I think bolt together is something that's happening more and more. And we're seeing that with specialty bars now too, where they used to weld the sleeves on. Now they're bolting them on to make shipping cheaper. But yeah, you certainly do have to look at shipping costs because companies will say like we offer free shipping. But, you know, there's nothing free in life. You just have to figure out, are they, what's the, what cost are they baking in there? So they can have free shipping. And if they're not offering free shipping, you know, get some quotes from different companies to figure out what the best price is. It's going to be because, yeah, like you said, it can get very expensive. I mean, there's racks you can buy that will end up depending on the company order from end up being 500 dollars extra. Just have it shipped to your door. So you get expensive. So my question is, do you have just as much of a construction job as you do a review job or do you have a team that helps put things together for you? Yeah, so I'm, I'm constantly putting things together. I have, I have friends that will help me. The issue is, I don't want to pay somebody to put something together because that's a big part of the process is receiving the shipment. You know, what, what condition is the cardboard in? Is there a lot of chips, everything like that? Putting it together like those are other things that we review and talk about too. So I don't think it's good enough to just, you know, be able to review the final experience because the receiving assembly, you know, the instructions, all that stuff plays into a good experience and whether it's good. It's good because if it takes hours to put together, they miss bolts, you know, like you don't receive everything you're supposed to receive. That's not a product I really want to recommend often because if you don't have all the parts, you can't use it. So I'll also order things a lot of times under pseudo names and different addresses because if people see it's coming to coupon, Raj and reviews. Everything's pristine, they ship it differently, they'll, they'll pre assemble a lot of things. But if I put it under a different name, they don't put as much care into it. So I have a good idea of what the normal consumer would get. Oh, man, they do a special like powder coating for you when it comes to your gym. They know it's a nice thing that there's a pseudonym that's being put out there so that you can, you can hide a little bit behind it and see what's really going on. You also talked about things that were folding down. I think that's pretty amazing what I've seen in the past few years. It's like garage gyms or transformers. I mean, you can have a gym almost completely set against the wall or not come off a wall even two feet once it's folded down. I think that those are an incredibly valuable thing for a home gym for sanity, for safety, for being able to get a, you know, car inside a garage. That's also your gym. Those things are pretty amazing. Have you seen any particular versions of those fold down garages that you think are, are stand out? Yeah, yeah, the best, the best rack that's fold away, in my opinion is the PRX profile rack. It actually uses gas shocks. They have a pad not uses gas shocks. So rather than folding in or folding away it folds up. The reason you want something that folds up instead of folding away is you don't have to remove any accessories from it. You don't have to remove the pull up bar. It's easier use. You just fold it down, fold it up. It takes four inches against the wall. So you're thinking of a rack that's able to pull off the wall and be about 25 inches away from the wall and then fold up and be four inches away from wall. So you can park any kind of car in there. It's simple to use. And that's one of the things I talk about with home gym owners is you want to make it as easy as possible for you to reach whatever goal you want to reach. So if you want to work out more often, having a bunch of equipment that you have to assemble. If it's modular, you have to add all this stuff together. You have to figure out how to use it every time you go to use it. That's not a good experience. You want something that you just plug and play. You just go into the garage. If you want to park in the garage fine, you pull out your car, you pull down your rack, you put your bar on. You're good to go. If you have to like fold the rack in, add the pull up bar, add you know all these different parts bolt it together every time you use it. You'll get the back of the matter is, you're probably not going to use it very often or you're just going to leave it out and you're not going to actually park in the garage. So those are such things definitely matter. Yeah. I'm going to need you to lay my fears because apparently you've got a Murphy bed version of a rack and I would be very concerned that that thing would come off the wall onto my car. Can you explain what are the safety behind these that allow me to feel comfortable parking my car or having my children walk through the garage. So I have the perfect answer for you and this is the answer. It goes into studs, but here's here's the thing. I was I was skeptical of it too. So what we did was we took a 500 we took a barbell we loaded it with 500 pounds. We dropped it from I think it was a total of 60 inches from the J cups to the spotter arms. We just rolled it off and there was no damage. It completely held in the wall. There was no issue at all. That's a 500 pound bar from basically head height down to below parallel drops straight down. No issues still held in the wall. So if you're worried about something like that coming off. You don't need to be I mean there's a video the video on YouTube has I think 400,000 views or so. It's just called I think. TRX drop test or something but yeah we dropped 500 five pounds on it dude. I was amazed. I was it was awesome. That's really incredible. Speaking of drop test do you do test the the plates to see if they talk a wonder pressure if you drop them and do you have a lot of a lot of different brands that you've done test with those on. Definitely. Yeah so really the the ideal test for a bumper plate is this machine that it's changed ribbon and all these manufacturers use them or like if they're I mean all bumper plates are made overseas unless they're high temps. So these machines basically they bring up the the bumper plate on this change ribbon system that brings it up it's an elevator and then it just drops it down and they try to see how many like rounds it will take before it breaks it tacos whatever. The gold standard for that is basically like a minimum of 30,000 drops before it tacos so yeah they can take a lot of abuse now that's that's a single bumper plate dropping that's not like on a barbell and it's not like awkwardly going at the side and things like that so you know that sort of thing is what we look for whenever whenever we're talking whenever doing reviews we're not doing that in house yet. So we try to trust the manufacturers on that we try to get video from them like a lot of times they'll send us time lapses of them happening so over the course of a few days you know they'll be testing these bumper plates to show them off. Yeah, so those are ways that you can test that sort of thing tensile strength and barbells is another thing that's often tested. Tentile strength doesn't tell this whole story and rogue. They come up they came out with a system called the F rating and the F rating tells you how durable the bar is and you may be thinking will rogue came out with it so it must be like you know more push towards rogues products. But the real fact of the matter is they paid a company called SEA Limited which does auto manufacturing to do all the tests of these bars like independently so. Basically what they found was bars that were coated in chrome were the least durable bars regardless of the tensile strength really. So you're talking a lake o which makes some of the best barbells for use in the world but because they're coated in chrome. They're more likely to bend over time so you know things like that have come to come to fruition and you know rogue for instance they won't sell any chrome bars anymore they're placed it with black zinc bright zinc and stainless steel so. But those are things that I think are often tested and we look to and describing and helping people decide which piece of equipment to buy. Okay, well, I'll also say that chrome does look really good and if you don't have a real meat head gym is sure. Pretty. Oh, definitely. Oh, chrome's great. Yeah, I mean. This this is the thing if you're running across with gym where there's a lot of like high rep Olympic weightlifting you probably don't want to crumbar but if it's just a normal gym bar it's not really going to matter that much of its chrome or not. Yeah, yeah, got to well I have I'm going to I'm going to bounce this over to Greg because I know that we've got some people that. Are listening and I'm not sure how active the chat is but if there are any specific questions about equipment or reviews or your business then I'd like to get an idea from from the folks listening we got to got any questions for you. Yeah, Tim and the chat wants to know if there is one piece of equipment that you reviewed that you feel everybody's home gym should have what would it be. So a specific piece of equipment well I give a category of equipment. I think every gym should have a barbell I think a barbell without a doubt is you know something that's universal. It's incrementally loaded so you can you know, periodized as much as you want there's so much versatility that can be done with it from squats to you know dead lifts to other movements like for the core like landmines and all sorts of things. So I think barbell is definitely something that everyone should have and then this is a piece of equipment that I think is a bit unique but I do think that everybody should have and that is a sound system. I think you need a sound system because you got to think like you're trying to motivate yourself to train so I know it's a little bit unique. But going out there and training unless you're like into really into stoicism and you like pain without any external motivation. I think you need some sort of you know musical motivation maybe some copy get yourself going because with the home gym. It can sometimes be difficult to work out by yourself so making it as helpful and as motivating as you can I think it's going to be helpful. So you know is that working its way into your reviews with sound systems and air pods and headphones as that going to be part of it. Yeah, yeah so we reviewed you know we reviewed so-nose and some other companies that have had us review some stuff. We're also getting into some accessory things like we got a water jet massage table we're getting ready to review. I've got a barrel sauna in the backyard that we've reviewed so we've got a lot of you know recovery you know similar stuff that you use with working out that we started to do more reviews on. I think that's a very interesting thing. All right cool. Greg. So another question in the chat was there one piece of equipment or multiple that surprised you when you reviewed it something you didn't expect that you want to find you really like. Okay so I'm I'm a barbell feed. I love barbells. I love the way they look. They're like pieces of art but in addition that I just love training with them. I love barbell focus that's a type of training I do. However, I got tonal in and I was thinking tonal this is going to be like a girls piece of equipment like no offense. I just thought my wife would love it. I didn't think you know I'm tough like. You know this is a manly enough for me and then I started to use it and I was like this is amazing totally I'm telling you. Tonal is I say this often but the future of home gyms is not squat racks the future of home gyms are these smart connected devices like Peloton if you've never used a Peloton you want to feel like you're in a studio like a cycling studio in your own home. Where in whatever you want did a Peloton but tonal is like that for strength training the resistance profile is so smooth the way that they're using the technology the way that they're tracking reps the way that they're able to tell you exactly what weight you're using you don't have to think about it. I use my wife for an example for a lot of this because she doesn't love training so if it's something she uses then I know it's something that a lot of people use because she she's not really into like barbells and squat racks. I'm trying to just like general fitness and she wants to make it easy and fun and enjoyable so when she started using tonal and started using using it every day and like because of the gamification she check her phone and see her scores and all those sorts of things. I think that's the way that we do something that was viable for the large community so tonal absolutely blew me away I'm I'm floored with it you know as much as I love barbells I think for most people that sort of system. Especially for people that live in big cities that don't have the room for it tonals the future that sort of system and tonals not the only one there's tons of them near. I think that's one of the ones we'll see who's the the big player in that space right now it's peloton but those sorts of systems they they build me away by four yeah. That is really cool is there are they able to get. What's the resistance range that you see on on that for for people who are like it sounds cool but I just you know I like barbells because they're heavier can I will this makes sense for them. Yeah so so tonal can go up to one hundred pounds per arm and it's not like you know it's a it's a different one hundred pounds it's a consistent one hundred pounds so. You know it's it's different than like a barbell chains or bands or you know some of those other things it's consistent one hundred pounds so. If you combine the two it can do up to 200 pounds so you know if you're really heavy deadlifter you know like I deadlift five eighteen is my all time best deadlift. I mean I mean I mean I mean that's a very important thing that's the story of this thing that's been done. So yeah I think for most people it's more than strong enough and one reason they didn't make it heavier is because they didn't feel most people would need it. They have the ability to go heavier and I'm sure in the future they can allow that. I mean because it's all it's not like a weight stack it's all magnetically based it's all using like friction and things for cords it's different so because of the technology that's used. I think the resistance profile can be a lot higher and also depends how strong your walls are. That was my question that I have for you. Yeah but for 200 pounds you know to answer that question for 200 pounds you know you start hearing some like creeks because it used a lot of plastic in the system. But it's not anything that you're like worried about it like falling off the wall or anything like that like if you have a you know a decently made house you're going to be fine. Yeah I've had no issues with like structural issues yeah all right cool. Yeah. All right this this one from me I just want to know what is the most bizarre thing you've reviewed for the site because I imagine you've had some some very strange things come through as well. Yeah there's there's this piece of equipment called the BAMP PAMER and it looks like Thor's hammer it's basically like a. Let me think here it's like a stick with a rubber head mallet and they call it the BAMP PAMER and it's basically use it for swings and like hitting things you know all that sort of thing. That one was really unique there's another one where it's a pair of recovery shoes and due to some sort of testing they were able to determine that you could improve your recovery. If this little motor with this little like push head pushed on your like basically the ball of your foot and you just put them on and it just pushes the ball of your foot over and over and over and over. Yeah I didn't notice any change in my recovery however they do have some studies that show that it works but that one was really unique that was definitely different yeah. Well I own a recovery studio in New York City so might be something I have to look into for. Yeah yeah yeah you can say you have it I don't know people find benefit from it but you know we've got it. There's a lot you know what I'll have to check out Goraj Jim reviews and and see what those reviewers have to say about it. Hey Greg are we wrap up on questions we are thank you thank you for actually we just got another one. Oh I have as we were speaking David in the chat once know what is the best fan bite that you reviewed in the time review. Yeah so we have a review called the best airbikes I've tested every single one that's out there I own all of them I've got a couple over here I've got quite a few at the gym. The best value airbikes for most people is the rogue echo bike and the reason that it's one of the best is because it's price friendly and it used a belt drive design is something that a lot of people don't realize is you don't want to change driven bike. The drive system is what's going to take the most maintenance so like an assault airbikes it's a good airbike but it's still uses the same drive system as an old twin before 82 those older bikes that they call them saints try sickle not just because they suck to use. But also because they're awful to maintain I've had a rogue echo bike in my gym like my personal gym at our training studios been used by all sorts of people from CrossFit games athletes to just general you know trainees and I've never had an issue with it. So it's an incredible bike if you want something that's maybe a little bit more modern looking and not as intimidating as the black because I know that matters to some people the twin 88 87 or 80 pro it goes by all those names but it's all the same bike. That's a great bike that uses a belt drive system again I've had no issues with it I really love that bike it's got different handles those two are the ones that I think I would look to most often. Yeah, I think those are the ones I like the best but I detail we go and detail on every single bike that's on the market recommend all our picks from the you know our best pick to our upgrade pick to our budget pick all that sort of thing on the site for the best airbikes for 2020. Yeah, nice I do have a question then it leads me into another one which is you know concept to kind of has the the market on on on the brand in the rower space. Yeah, what are some rowers that you've worked with that that you like a lot and then can you speak to the water based. Resistance versus the airbase and what are some of the things you pros and cons about those that you see. Yeah, so you said concept two has the market and that's not just because they've been around the longest or they create it's because they make the best most simple machines that are out there. Concept two by far a model D rower should be like that should be in pretty much every gym in the world you know and then a skier than a bike or they kind of are the epitome of that Einstein at least it's attributed to him but that phrase that's you know it's like don't make things as easy as possible or make things as simple as possible but no simpler. That's a concept to product is it doesn't have all this excess stuff it just does what it does it does it extremely well it's extremely durable and they're just great product so by and large there's really nobody that can compete with a concept to rower there's definitely other ones that we reviewed you know like there's a Zabex has a rower that we reviewed it it's basically based on that design it's a little bit cheaper but not enough to be like yeah you should buy that one there's a company called Hydro that we're getting ready to review. And it's a basically a peloton for rowing it's a beautiful sleek looking roar you know very cool roar I don't know if it's going to be as durable but it does take some of those features from peloton so I think it will be pretty popular. But then like as far as the water based rowers water based rowers I think have a better aesthetic to them I think they look good you have the sound of the water rowing the differences you can't really change the resistance profile as much. That water can end up molding over time so you have to replace it it's not as in my opinion it's not as good of an experience for rowing as a concept to rower there's a reason that you know pretty much every rowing team in the world uses concept to rowers when they're not out on the water. Even though you know they're not they're training specifically for water but they're using air base rowers and the reason is because they're just better than water based rowers so I like the idea of a water based rower I like the way it looks if you like the sound of it there by no means bad rowers but for most people the concept to model these the best rower there is in the world. Well for somebody that has have them in my facility they also have a great customer service experience with them so shout out to concept 2 and what they've done and the equipment they have. With that said shout out to coupe Mitchell from garage gym reviews dot com and the youtube channel of the same name I believe you go Raj Jim reviews and dude it's going to pleasure having on here and I really appreciate the work that you put in all of this and I'm glad that you made some of the things that you have. I could in all of this and I'm glad that you made such a interesting transition from the world of finance I think it's to reviewing gym equipment. That's like the dream for so many people how do I get out of what I'm doing even though. I'm going to get into something that maybe I didn't go to school for but something that I just ask you an about. I Instagram or whatever that is. Yeah, yeah you can find us at garage gym reviews on pretty much every social media platform where a garage gym reviews on youtube as well but I think a most helpful information the most in depth stuff is on our website. I really appreciate you being here. My name is Rick Richie. This is the NPS of them. It's T podcast.