Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and live. My name is Prentice. I'm here with Crann Caramore from more results. And today we're going to talk about how COVID-19 has shaped nutrition and exercise habits. Thank you both for joining us today for this webinar. Before we begin, can you tell us just a little bit more about yourselves and your business? Yeah absolutely. That's actually having us great to be here. So our business, our backgrounds are in exercise physiology, both of us are PhDs in exercise physiology. And I'm also a dietitian. And we work a lot with corporations and companies and helping them and individuals kind of hard there there well being challenged, whatever that may be. Helping with nutrition habits, exercise habits as well. Yeah and so my background is in psychology and then all of my work has really been in taking the principles that we know around exercise physiology, around getting people to be more active, to change their nutrition habits. How do you actually apply that so that it becomes sustainable? So it becomes lifelong and that's really been my passion. And so I get all neat depth on how we form new habits and what we do to really support them. So it's fun to be here and to have this conversation today. Well thank you for, thank you again, thank you for joining us. And why don't we just get started because I'm interested to hear just to learn about your philosophies, having going through a lot of what you've written about it right now. So why don't we just talk about what, how has this situation changed us? I know for myself, sometimes it's a struggle to keep up with the regular routine now that everything's changed. So what can you tell us, doctors, what are we going through? How can we manage this time? Yeah and so I think it's really cool because right now all of us are in this immersion experience right? So just a short 10 weeks ago we were living life very, very differently. And when we normally look at changing behaviors, it's sort of a gradual process because it's hard. We have these behaviors and habits we've been doing for 20, 30 years and so they've been formed and the routine and we don't even think about them. And yet in this experience we've had just almost overnight people drastic in doing things different. We've been changing hands relentlessly all day long for 20 seconds at a time. We're avoiding catching our face. We're sheltering in place. And so we see that we can do it when the motivation is high, when there's a strong reason to change our habits we can do it. But then we're also finding ourselves without that normal routine and things that we're used to relying on and those have just kind of disappeared overnight. Yeah, absolutely. And from a nutrition and exercise standpoint, just very basic. We've seen how that's changed as well. There's some interesting data on nutrition and how snacking is increased and alcohols increased from an exercise standpoint. You know, initially, often just talking to people, maybe it's just in our circle, look, I'm getting so much more activity. I'm walking all the time. But then the surveys and data shows that's not necessarily the case across the board that we aren't all using all this free time to go out and start moving. So it's interesting seeing, like I said, how we've shifted overnight, essentially, but are we using that in our best interest? That can, can we talk about that a little bit more? Because I found myself in the same situation, the these extraordinary times called for extraordinary action. And at the very beginning, I was extremely motivated to do all of these things. And then as the weeks kind of meandered on, I found it a little bit harder to keep up. It felt like, honestly, since both of you all are athletes and you understand that, it felt like I was doing a powerlifting every day now that we were on one the into it. So how do you manage, how do you manage someone like that, who's very motivated in the beginning, but the longer the situation goes on and the longer time we spend a way from our routines, motivation is hard to keep at a high level. What do we do in that situation? Yeah. And so I think that that's real. We have to honor the fact that we are all to some degree in this sense of quarantine fatigue right now where we're like, oh, I thought like I was ramping up. I was prepared to make radical change and you know, use this free time to, you know, Marie condo my lifestyle to get you know, totally fit to improve my diet and start baking and cooking at home. And now I'm like, oh, it's brown hot day. And it feels a lot different and a lot harder. And so I think what we have to do is a first honor where we are, the fact that that is real. And then we also have to begin to look at, okay, well, let's just assume we're going to be doing this for an extended period of time. What do I need to feel my best each and every day? And instead of trying to find this radical and this extreme amount of motivation to amp up and change everything, what can I do and choose to control each and every day? What are the choices that I can make that are actionable that will make me feel better and that are within my power rather than trying to ramp up and preparing for extreme changes? Yes, so that that sounds like we're going to get into new habit forming. So before we go down that path, can you explain to everyone who's listening? What exactly is a habit and how does that, I mean, how does that influence our daily actions? Yeah. So I think, I think one of the things, first we have to understand is that our brain wants everything to be really efficient, which is why we do what we do. So our brain wants to automate as much as possible so that we can save and preserve our precious resources for the really important things, for different mental processing, for problem solving, for the things that really count. So all of our choices that we make over and over again, our brain is always looking for patterns that it can kind of say, okay, we put this on the fast track. How can we make it? So we don't even have to think about these individual steps and just skip along as fast as possible. So when we understand that, we really, it becomes really important to begin the look at how we choose to move through each and every day. The choices we may day after day after day, because any time we start to repeat those, our brain is going, oh, look at this pattern. Do we need to make a super high rate so we can conduct this really fast and we don't even have to to think about it? So that's why I think COVID-19 in the past 10 weeks really puts us in really tricky times is because when our routines get dismantled, we're inevitably creating new routines day and day out. And so if it used to be that you would wake up first thing in the morning and go to the gym and work out and now your gym is closed, you're now creating a whole new pattern that your brain's going, all right, how do we how do we fast track this? So if your new pattern is then to lay and bed and scroll through social media for an extra hour because now you're not working out, then your brain is going to make it much more likely day in and day out, you choose that over and over again, which is why it can get slippery. Yeah, I think one of the ways we talk about this with individuals is very simply if you're walking through the woods, right? You walk through the woods the first time and no one's been there before you have high grass. It's kind of you're you're trekking through to get down creative path. Ultimately, over time you form that new path and it becomes second age or you have now a trail or in your brain's mind you have a habit because it's it's just second age for us, brushing your teeth for example. Hopefully, when I don't think about that morning and night at the very least, we just do those on a daily basis, but now what happens when it comes to nutrition, when it comes to exercise and sleep habits, you need to look at how can we work on, you know, not go down the negative path too far as we're continuing in COVID-19 and continue some positive habits or create new ways. Yeah, that's really interesting, can we talk about that for a second because and have you seen this this case in in your practice and talking about someone exactly like me who uses an activity to blow off steam just doing some martial arts practice. Now that that's gone, there's a void up here in my brain and I need something to replace it with and unfortunately, full disclosure that turned into watching watching documentaries and kind of binge watching those things on history or discovery. So, how do you help someone replace a seemingly positive habit for another one given these circumstances? Yeah, so substitute in something is can be challenging, especially if it's our go to brain wants to be like, well, I don't have that, so I have new choices. So to kind of just backtrack a little bit, let's understand what the call and the cat habit loop and then we can look at that through that sentence in terms of creating a new habit. So anytime we have a behavior, there are four elements that really kind of are part of that that really help to make it form into a new habit. The first is a cue. And so a cue is simply something that occurs in the environment. It could be, you know, the time of day that you do martial arts, it could be a feeling or emotion that makes you go, you know what? I really feeling totally stressed right now and I need to release the steam and so that's when you tend to go and practice. It could be a mood like being around certain people. It could be, you know, walking into a place that reminds you of your martial arts facility or could be walking into that facility itself. There are things that cue our brain to say like, this is the choice we want to make. So those things are important because knowing that they exist, we don't want to just lead that backing there. So that's definitely one. Step number two is a craving. And so essentially when we think of a craving, our craving is. The disc content content with that cue creates. So that cue creates a feeling or an emotion or a sense of, I want to change my experience like, oh, I have the stress. I want to relieve the stress or oh, I'm around my friends where I do our martial arts with. And then that way or there's there's some degree of craving that our brain has, you know, for a lot of people exercise could be this the craving could be that in Northland of these, that they get toward the end. It could be connecting with people or that feeling of really being stressed. But that occurs as well. Questions there on any of that stuff. Um, no, let's all have questions at the end. Let's keep going. We have two more. Yeah. Okay. And then then we have the response. That's what we choose to do. So, proud of who you is like, whatever you choose to do when you get that specific cue and you have that craving and it might have been the past been, you know, to go and practice more short. So, and to these that stress and have that experience. But if that's gone, and now your brain is unsettled and saying, what are we going to do and response to that? Is it possible for you to practice more short at home? Yes. It's possible. Maybe possible. I'm not sure. I'm answering for you. Sorry. But, you know, when we think about like, is it possible that you could do something that looks a little different? Sure. But maybe that might not satisfy exactly what you're craving. And so, sometimes we just skip that step. So, that response is how do we put in something that would serve those two things? We have to know what the cue is. We have to know what we're craving. And then we can begin to build what would be an appropriate response. And then finally, at any habit that we have, there's a reward. There's that sense of satisfaction. Maybe you're proud of yourself, forgetting in that great workout. Maybe you're proud of yourself for relieving the stress that stresses gone. For some people, the craving is gone. And so, that disc content has been removed in our brain feel satisfied. But those four elements always exist. And so, it becomes really important to become mindful of where of what those elements look like for you. Because sometimes when we don't have anything to put it in our mind, oh, we can't do this. It's just drop this entire habit. And that can become a problem when our habits are really good ones that really serve us well, right? Like exercise or getting enough sleep or being healthy. So actually, yes, now I do have, now I do have a question. And you brought up a really interesting point about how not having the appropriate cue or the familiar cue at times creates like an all or nothing mentality. Like, you know what? Forget it. I don't have it. I'm done with this. I'm just going to drink six packs. And then I'm going to have a really nice sense of the spike in alcohol sales. So what are some exactly? What are some things that I can do and people like myself? What can we do to recreate those cues? And tell our brain that it's really okay. Right. Yeah. And absolutely. And I think maybe in the, you know, you gave the case of martial arts or anybody doing any work. Sure. Yeah. Well, Jim has something completely different if at all. So one thing that can certainly help is maybe breaking those workouts and from terms of exercising to micro workouts. So maybe you let's just use the example used to go to the gym for an hour. Well, maybe that's not realistic at home, but maybe you could do shorter 10 minute workouts throughout the day or 20 minute workouts just starting small to build that momentum. And even if the number error, if you look different at the moment, overall that total number over the day, what will still give us a similar benefit. So kind of thinking about like similar, like a when I then I statement and when I, in this case, the small workouts when I do X, then I'll do Y. So it also allows some reward and there's character about habits. When I'm in your case, martial arts, when I let's say wake up, then I do martial arts or whatever it may be, it kind of gives you some paradise association with something. But again, it might not be exactly the same as you used to do, but if we have those smaller chunk we chunk it down a little bit, we still get that positive feedback. That gives us some benefit certainly and hopefully that continues to be a positive reward and ultimately can be a habit. Okay, great. Thank you. So thank you for that explanation. Now let's talk about craving a little bit and let me preface this little it admittedly, I'm a chocolate. That's one of the devices that I allow myself. Now speaking of cravings. I go in and I want to go into the pantry and get out of chocolate bar and someone's replaced it with carrot. It's a terrible joke, but that's not the same, but that's definitely not the same thing in my brain even though it's fulfilling that that need of having to put something in my mouth and it has, you know, similar similar taste. How do you gradually dose yourself to create the same sorts of cravings that you have before does that question even makes sense? I don't know, it's absolutely, and again, chocolate is an easy example because you're certainly not alone there. And chocolate is not, you know, at the end of the day, not the worst thing in the world, maybe sitting down at the bag of chocolate chips and even the whole thing, not great option. So in something like that, and I've talked to a lot of people about this because again, get that question a lot. What about with this in our own house, to get that that craving, you love chocolate, but what about like melting chocolate and dipping fruit in it, for example. So you still get that benefit, but you also get the benefit of fruits, you don't get as much certainly chocolate, but really what you're looking for is that little bit of flavor. Other people and I have said, you know, the upshot the protein shake, right, can work. Again, it's not exactly the same, it's not maybe not your care of example, but it's it gives some of that flavor. So thinking about something, again, the dipping the chocolate for me, we're really well because you're still getting the flavor, you're also getting the benefit of fruit. So it seems to be a win-win situation, everyone needs to figure out what can work for them, and also keeping in mind. The frequency that you're doing something, whether it's chocolate or alcohol or what have you, and I always say to people, what we do most of the time is more important than what we do some of the time. So figuring out the frequency as well, not beating yourself up like I've down the entire bag of chocolate chips, my doing that, you know, seven days a week, that's probably not a great idea. But figuring out that balance is important. And I would just add it this that I also think it's really important to kind of think in really small ways. When we talked about that response, that response, you know, when we're trying to make a shift in behavior, a small shift in just the smallest percentage, can make a difference because it's kind of looting to what Chris said, you know, what we do most of the time. So if most of the time we're beginning to, you know, still have the chocolate, but we're eating less of it. Or occasionally we're subbing in fresh fruit with that chocolate. Or occasionally we have care, but we're not saying, you know what I'm going from this great chocolate that I love the eat and indulging in 100% to something that tastes like tree bark. And I'm not saying that about care, but you see what I'm saying here. You know, we don't want to go 100% in the opposite direction because we will be unsatisfied. We won't be able to sustain that and the key with the habit is to find something that you can do and practice over and over and over again until it becomes that automatic path. So when when we create a habit and I did read your what you what some of what you had written, you start with make it's make it small, we want to give our brains, we want to make our brains and offer it can't refuse. So how do we how do we go about that? Yeah, so this idea of make it small is one that I think all of us who in the health professions been trying to sell to people for a long, long time. But we have culture working against us because culture is saying like no, it's the extreme makeovers that you see right it's the biggest looser shows that have people having the greatest change and behavior and their outcomes and that's what people are expecting. So it's getting back to this place of the small win of teaching people that essentially if you were forming a snowball you would grab a little bit of snow at a time and start to pack together and eventually you be able to add more to that more to that and eventually you could form like a giant more miss snowball. The same is true with our behaviors that we have to think about what is the smallest win I can get under my belt and instead of looking to like the biggest extreme the goal is to just be able to sustain something day in and day out. So this idea of make it small is imagining and each voice you're trying to make so in the case of eating chocolate you know if if you're going to go to care right if you're going to say I'm going to eat the care. Then you would have to say to yourself what would make this so if there's zero chance that I'm going to do this behavior then I want to take that off the table and what would make it likely that nine times out of ten I will absolutely choose the care. Maybe it means that you only eat the care once a week instead of you know every single day if you're talking to fix maybe it means that you only eat the tiniest amount of it or maybe it means that you have a chocolate shake whatever but you have to find out what's going to make you want to stick with that habit. And that's a very dangerous. Okay so can we talk about that for a second and you you brought up an attitude that's really pervasive in the fitness industry and that is a. So drama sells just to be quite honest and how how have you have you found a way to deal with that extremism that that goes on. Yeah, you know it has been a challenge right because drama does sell whether it's TV or the you know six weeks transformations whatever made. I'm any of those things and at the end of the day it does take some convincing of individuals but you know that. We don't necessarily want that overnight fix because it's not really a fix is nothing permanent about it and if you've been there many many times in the past right you've tried to lose weight. And that in an example way too quick it doesn't stick if you've had success at all and you might for sure turn but how do we make it work for the rest of our lives right so we're not continuing to cycle back and forth whether it's weight loss weight gain with muscle gain whatever it may be. Right long term solutions work and it does I guess that it does take some education for individuals it does take some trust with us as practitioners and clients. But I think it does once you once you can build that trust and it can start to see those small wins is care talked about is when you're ultimately going to have that buy in because then the goal is really. For a trainer perspective or you know you don't want to climb for the rest of their lives if we lost to go or something like that. Again small wins are successful and that's what we have long term. Yeah and it's also just to piggyback on that it's also the mindset so you know just checking that people don't have that well enough the mindset before you start working together is really important or to see where they fall and that element you know that range because I think a lot of times if when I would ask clients you know. How how satisfied would you be knowing what their weight loss goal might be I'd say how satisfied would would you be with a five pound weight loss that you could sustain for the rest of your life. And if they be extremely disappointed then that tells me that they're publicly on this extreme thinking kind of. And so I'm going to really have to spend some time kind of coming back to the idea of let's find ways that you don't have to come back and relearn this again in a year or two years you know let's find ways to. To learn this lesson and move from it so we can build it as a foundation for anything you want to achieve and and that really does require some some mindset work with them. So because we've all been kind of taught that it's it's an all or nothing it I mean they're working really hard to massive goals or I'm doing nothing at all. Yeah, what one more piece to that there's actually been some interesting data to show that you know over time year after year most people gain weight right it's not it's not a ton of weights not typically. But it's it's a few pounds and the big issue is not that few pounds but then it's that few pounds year after year after year so there's actually been some data what if we to give and just stop that game right which again is not what people want but you you fast forward. Few years down the road and that's a massive change right just slowing that or stopping that consistent gain over time so again it's not the only outcome people want but it's easy example and what we're talking about. So one more one more thing along that along that path. So when does this become pathological for the person when do you. When do you know that the person who has that all or nothing extreme thinking they're going to to beat their bodies into submission. When do when do we as fitness professionals know they need another level of care to help them through this process. Yeah, that's a really important and great question and by you asked it and I think it really just when it we start to see that it's impacting a person's ability to live there like well. When when it's all consuming when the thoughts are interfering with their ability to enjoy you know hanging out with their family or when they find themselves in in quarantine and in the. You know like the sheltering at place and their the thoughts are all consuming about how their bodies shifting instead of how how they're still managing to stay healthy and their safe and they're well. You know those those disruptive thoughts that interfere with our quality of life and our day to day living I think are or times when we can refer out. Okay, great. Yes, thank you for that. Yes, one endowed or if you see someone harming themselves putting themselves in a dangerous situation always activate your network. There are plenty of people capable of helping with helping your clients through something like that. Okay, so now we have a habit we made it small we made it easy to do every day. So what is what's a safe and healthy way then to make small improvements on the way to that goal. I think you know one of the things to look at you know we talked about small wins is finding helping working with the client to define what those small wins may be whatever their outcome goal might be down the road. Helping because people often don't think about the bent the small benefits they have along the way like my pants fit a little better I or you're not even that like not even body related I have more energy I'm sleeping better. I find kinder to my kids or spouse or co-workers and we know that all of those are positive side effects of taking care of yourself exercise or sleep through nutrition. So it's helping clients find those little wins can help with that long term success for sure. Yeah, I think that they really have to widen the lens at which they're like accumulating information about how well they're doing and to process point you know that so much of our life is how we enjoy it. How we feel during the course of the day how much energy we have are we if we're a parent you know how calm and patient and loving are we toward our our kids or our partner. And so those things matter and they matter probably to a much greater extent than any outcome driven by a scale or any outcome you know that that we might see in terms of a change of calories that we're eating or the types of food that we're eating. So when we get permission to people to start to count those wins they start to see the carryover because thus be honest exercise is like would be the most addictive drug known to man and also the most why they prescribe drug known to man because it has benefits that affect every system in our bodies. So it's so powerful and yet I think a lot of times we don't get permission to people to count the power of it and to see all the ways in which it's affecting and improving their lives. So I think that that's a really important reminder for clients. Absolutely. Great. So now we're still dealing with this person who's all or nothing. If you'll allow me to use the car analogy you want to drive from New York City to the opposite coast. All or nothing person is going to drive three days straight through no matter what but can you go back to that point and you've mentioned this before. What is what is to tips or help us to develop a habit or to allow ourselves to break this down into chunks. How do we step it into checkpoints and feel okay about that how do we stop at checkpoints I mean and feel okay with that. Yeah and so I think I think one is noticing great that we're an all or nothing person and we're kind of trying to they do all the things we're boiling the ocean. Try and make it all happen at once and so then it's just about permission can we divide that into what instead of being very focused on the outcome what are the processes that I need to do what are the behaviors I need to do day in a day out to allow me to achieve those goals. And so if I can kind of shrink back to what will take to achieve that and focus on one thing so now maybe one of the one of the goals that I would need to do is exercise or days a week. Okay, so now how do I create a habit to make that happen what's going to make it lightly that I'm going to get up or at some point during the course of the day exercise four days a week. So let me go back to back you how can I create a queue that that will remind me to do this. How can I make sure that I'm going to create it and and you know one of the ways that we always encourage people to kind of create their new behaviors is to think about how they can make it as attractive as possible how could it be something that they really look forward to doing. And then we look at the response what you know how how much do I need to exercise that makes it likely that I'm going to hit that four day a week goal and then how can I reward myself along the way. So by taking it instead of this big picture I want to change all these things what are the specific behaviors I need to do each and every day and then how do I support myself along that path. So for somebody we would start with just one behavior we would pick one thing that they need to do and once they have that practice and it's under their belt and they're really making that stick. Then we can go on and add or change or or make something else happen. But as we all know a lot of times we started new behavior and then we think it's fine we're like oh I got this I've done it three days this week or four days this week it's totally fine. And we forget that life might look different next week right so then all of a sudden when next week we end up being on 15 zoom calls and we don't have the time to then it's falling apart. So we want to give people a chance to be successful at one thing while they're working toward building that foundation. Yeah no absolutely and in your example of you know the card driving across the country. And what are you what are you instead of you're going through day straight and then completely tanking why not stop along the way and see some of the states and see some of the states. See some of what we see it's you know as a phone with a client of the webinar and a client being a corporation earlier and they did a survey of their employees and the hundreds of thousands employees and massive corporation. And they said on average now people are working 15 hours a day which is significantly more than in the past so like Caras said with the exercise for days how can you work it into that you know that 12 to 15 days that's that you know what's normal now how do you make it chunk it down so it can work you're in get out a super helpful. Great great and if you don't mind I'm going to take a we got a question we have a question and. This question comes from Aaron and thank you for. Hopping on with us today Aaron and on the topic of most his his question is on the topic of motivation. When the individual is feeling apathy during their physical and physiological transition. What would you in advice your customer he continues. For example bringing them back to the main reason they started the journey in the first place. Yeah I love this question because I just was talking about this on a live stream session earlier today and so I always give the concept of one power and so one power is the real reason the reason behind why you would make these choices. And so a lot of times it's you know it's back to connecting it to something that's really meaningful so you know he kind of alluded to that sense but I always get to it by the five wise so if you've ever heard of like you know. You can ask yourself five different wise as to and that will usually get you to the root reason of anything so if your client is you know why they're feeling apathy. I don't see the point you know why would I do this. Then you would say well what do you want to change. I want to start exercising you know I want to exercise now why. Well because it'll give me more energy why is that matter more energy will allow me to play with my kids and I or to feel better in my body why does that matter. Because when I feel better in my body I'm more confident and that helps me in my job why does that matter because it really matters to me that I have purpose in life. Usually it takes us about five wise to get to something that is really meaningful and if we can get our clients to that sense of connecting to something that feels like purpose that feels strong it can help them in that moment. And then also the reminder that even the smallest action can help to build motivation. And then it's we often think that motivation needs to show up first that it really does and it's about taking action and building that sense that snowball and that sense of drive. Great so and on the other side of that. I have a follow up question and you're starting to tell that I work with a certain type of persona when we chunk this down and we. And then we're going to talk about that. And then we're going to talk about how we work these these processes these behaviors into manageable steps. What do you deal with the person how do you deal with the personality and says who asks is that enough. I didn't do anything what is the deal why couldn't it all felt like I didn't do anything. I'm getting because mentally we're seeing the overnight change right. Right TV is whatever so it goes back to what we talked about earlier is really building that trust with the person you know it's not going to happen overnight there's actually. Well, data you could share with people that you know you you add one piece of one piece of fruit one piece of produce a day. It decreases a cardiovascular risk by and I forget the exact percentage I think it's 50 something percentage over time. So it's you may not feel immediately but try to pick out what are you noticing right are you noticing that you have a little more energy are you noticing the you whatever it may be and trying to find kind of like, about the wise trying to find those little wins that allow them to think you know they are headed down the right path it's not going to happen overnight whatever it whatever that outcome goal is. Right but those small wins when we can really really narrow the down help them define can help them stay the course to get to their outcome they're looking for. You could also use past experience with the clients so you know they've tried something in the past with this all or nothing approach then I'll say okay how long did that last you know you you worked out six days in a row how long did that last being able to sustain that. Many times it'll be like three weeks sorry you know it'll be a short period of time and so I'll say okay so you got 18 workout him. But how how long do you think you can commit to just doing three workouts a week and you know we can we can span that out like the like oh six months eight months nine months and then we start to add up those numbers and when you can show them the objective difference. Between why making a smaller choice but being able to maintain it for a longer time why that will have a bigger impact at the end that can be really powerful you know I've had clients be like oh my gosh I could have you know weeks. So exercise more by doing it your way than doing it my old fashioned way so it can really kind of help with their numbers people. Yes one of my one of my friends always said the when we're thinking about exercise and training and you can go hard and you can have that mentality only for so long and if you the analogy is walking off a walking up a mountain. There are two ways to get down and that's just stepping off or coming back down slowly and just managing that intensity so yes we break it out into small chunks definitely. Definitely more manageable and sustainable. Yeah. So what happens to that person what happens to those of us who have the 15s and calls a week why come sure both of you do. And you miss a few workouts and you get off track. How do we manage that? Yeah I think first of all is not being yourself up right we've all been there and trying as I use the term earlier micro workouts. Right so not being yourself up that I'm not hitting the gym or hitting my workout and average day like I used to. You know could you do between yours you can call whatever 1015 calls a day could you could you break it up you know at least five minutes and do something can you do air squats can you do. You know instead of goal can I do 100 air squats over the course of a day can I do 100 whatever it may be like send little goes like that she may not be hitting that big number. But even with that back to back meetings and calls you're finding ways to incorporate it I guarantee at the end of a day or excuse me the end of a week a month long term. You know if you map that out kind of like care said map that out in terms of like how many reps that I ultimately get if you wanted to count like that as a numbers person. They would be similar if you just spread them out throughout the day versus the one part one hour workout and I think that that makes it more manageable for people. Again, set low goes like that the 100 squats 100 push ups over a course of time is is manageable and can work. Yeah and there's no point in in sort of holding judgment about where we are and any given point but we like to do that right we like to be like oh I haven't been able to make this happen so this says something about who I am. And what's possible for me and I think when we just go back to the actions what can I do in this moment. Then always our trajectory is moving up it's moving in a positive direction no matter where we are but too often we just kind of hold judgment around oh this must mean this and then we end up staying there right and creating that narrative or creating like some outcomes to support that narrative because that's what we believe. Thank you for that explanation and if you don't mind I want to talk about that a little more I find this very fascinating because you both work with corporations. I would imagine I'm going to speculate that they're highly competitive people. I've been around just slightly. I've been around athletes for a great part of my life and. So there is this this concept of negative reinforcement you know you want to get better you want to win the championship you're going to you're going to run sprints and. Nothing less than that nothing less than that is failure if you miss training if you in in the corporate side if you miss a meeting if you missed the numbers there's that. There's that aspect of failure in the back of your mind so how do you how do you help the person through that because you said it and I try to do it myself Chris don't don't beat yourself up and there's that other side of my brain that says yeah whatever whatever that's supposed to mean. So how do you help how do you help someone through that process of not beating yourself up. Yeah, I think a lot of times we have to start to challenge the narrative right because the inner critic for many people that critical voice has allowed them to be successful it is the driving force behind creating the success and so it creates its own support right because without it we're fearful. Of that if it's not there that somehow we won't be as successful but I think many times we are successful despite back critical voice right and and so it starts it starts to I just encourage people to challenge the narrative is that story one that's really serving you and it's it one that's true you know so what happens if you don't run the sprints are you still just as fast. Do you recover better and then you feel better and you can show up stronger and faster and a future workout you know let's begin to question if what's possible and so that we don't necessarily have to to live and die by that because that that critical that critical voice eventually. Also can really beat us down right it can make us feel like that that we're not good enough and whatever be good enough and then that seeps out into how we interact with other people and so. It's been my my experience really that when we are in these corporate settings with these people they're finding that they don't necessarily like living in their own head anymore. You know it's not it's not a safe place to be and so that can be exhausting and hard. Yeah it's interesting to that point one of the things we've heard a lot since obviously everything's now virtual online and you know people aren't going to an office most of the time. They don't have a lot of that external motivation anymore an extrinsic motivation so now it's coming has to come intrinsically and people have a tough time with that. And which is interesting and trying to find the internal motivation is care kind of talk about to figure out what that is and a lot of times it's working with trainers to help you can kind of dig that up yourself coming back to that why. But figuring out yourself not needing yourself up when you don't do those sprints or you don't you know you aren't able to be as competitive as you are. But we all have that we all will be ability as long as we take those small steps along the way. Okay brought up an interesting point well just interesting personas of motivation so people can be extrinsically motivated intrinsically motivated are we are we one more than the other or are we a mix of both and how do we how do we manage that and apply apply those to personality types when we're going through now. Yeah I would say that mean from our experience probably mostly a mix of both. There's going to be like with anything it's going to be a lot of time either it's on either extremes right completely extrinsic or completely intrinsic. Most people kind of follow that ball carers or there's a little bit of both. I mean ideally we'd like a little a little bit more intrinsic motivation then being solely extrinsically motivated and I think of an example of like I'm an social media for example you're your extrinsic motivated by what you see and you see. You know in terms of exercise nutrition all these people eating perfectly training well looking the way you wish you looked. Unfortunately you know we don't know anything about those people what is that what is what is going to get us to. What is going to motivate us to reach those goals and it may not be that external motivation may not be enough to sustain. And I would really say that if we're only leaning on the extrinsic it's really not sustainable that the more we can because there's always intrinsic benefits to doing things. If we allow ourselves to see them right we talked about if we can just widen the lens a little bit and see all the ways in which that work out that we make the time for that we didn't think we're going to make the time for. Not only to make us feel great we have more energy today but now we also have like this little boost of mental confidence and and belief in ourselves and also it means that you know that we feel better and we're sleeping better tonight like if we can start to teach people all the ways those dots connect. Then then they've got their own big picture that they're looking at and it's not just this one little data point that they're like I'm waiting for that and if it doesn't happen. Well then I might as well stop right so we can give them lots of ways to paint that picture. So let me ask you this question I'll give you a little case just a general case nothing really specific but how do you use those five wise that you that you talked about earlier to shift someone who's predominantly. Extrinsic how do you move that how do you shift them over. To be more intrinsically motivated. Yeah so I mean it really does blow down to knowing they're one power so keep on asking the wise until why they really want to do that and I will tell you that one time in the past I had a client. Who was who had significant amounts of weight to lose had never really exercised and you know weight loss was her goal and so when I asked her and like she was like I need it I need to stop eating the junk food and I was like okay well why. And she said why need to lose this way why and she was like because I need to take the weight off and have more energy well why is that important. And so she gets to well because I want to be more active and and you know my kids are all expecting and I want to be able to play with my grandkids and I was like what what is that matter she's like because I want to get down on the floor and be able to pick them up. And I was like and why does that matter and so she finally ultimately came to this place of. And so I was able to be an active vibrant part of her life and so now it was done this was something that was money was pure gold right so we get that that meaningful why. And then you begin to say okay so so when we make this choice we've got to connect it to this why right and so the outcome is usually that the extra and motivation and so many people. And I think that the goal is going to be the real money is going to be losing the weight and and once I get that and I look great my body then that's going to be all the extra and motivation I need. But once they start to see that it's really about something deeper and we're meaningful to them then they can also begin to identify the ways in which they might notice they have more energy. And I think that we can see this vibrant active part of her grandkids life even if she's not at this place this goal weight yet by by you know holding the babies or helping her daughter's whatever my feet. So I think that like we start to see all these different ways in which that bigger why shows up and having them reflect on that every day can be really powerful. Thank you thank you for that explanation now just one more follow up question because right now we're coming up to the end of the hour you've gotten us through you've taken us through everything that goes into just one habit. And began to want to know what's the threshold to start adding extra habits new habits but before we do that so just to just to boil that down if it helped me understand this. You sent me some interesting reading material read BJ fog and so when we're extrancultly motivated it's usually attached to a time or an amount of something but we really want to also get to those places of feeling autonomous being able to do things by ourselves. And having mastery whatever that means to the person over the skill or just belonging to having the ability to belong to a group. Can you tie that together for us for those of us who are listening. Yeah because I think this idea of just knowing who we are and why we're making the choices that we're making can be really powerful and you know for many times we do or we make these choices. And our lives because we think it's going to get us something or we're going to become different people right but when we can begin to own why we're choosing what we're doing when we can be mindful of the choices that we're making when we can begin to make those choices because we're investing in ourselves. And there's real power there and this idea of just understanding that the choices we make day in and day out are truly ours we own those and that gets we get to shape who we're going to become what we achieved and and who we get to be by the choices we make daily that. That is really kind of what we're talking about here right that the power of if I want to be the type of person who's more kind and loving. Then what are the actions I can do to be more kind and loving and just small ways and then I can start to prove to myself I'm that person what I want to be somebody who is more fit and who works out. What are the ways I can move toward that identity so I own it it's not something I'm doing because eventually I hope to be there but I am I'm becoming it by the choices I make daily. Okay great thank you for that so now like I said we are we've gotten through one habit what's that threshold how do we know when we can start layering on. Different practices so I think it comes down to when you when you start to not have to think about whatever it is you're doing. Right I don't make that conscious effort like I am that eating one piece of fruit today whatever it may be again I use the devil brushing your teeth is an easy one you don't think about that it's just part of the daily ritual so you want whatever it is you're doing to become. That kind of down that carved path where it's not even making it's not even taking a second thought that it's just it's part of your daily ritual then so okay now that this is. Part of that I can now add in x y or z so again and there's no time frame we've heard you're. You're doing a lot of things to make a habit which is necessarily the case you know bigger things take longer whatever it may be so it's not an answer like in three weeks you'll be able to do x and then you add why everyone is different and every every depending on the. What year working towards that length of time could be different as well. I also want people to give themselves permission to back off if they add something else on and it feels like too much or things start to fall apart okay we're not too much too fast and then we go back yeah let me let me practice. Let me let me practice that this if we get our clients permission to practice new habits and new behaviors rather than feeling like they have to adopt them and they have to adopt them overnight and in such extreme way. Then we've given them the power to keep on shaping and learning and becoming who they want to be in a way that fits their lifestyle and what works for them and that's that I mean that's truly empowerment right and that's the goal. Okay well thank you for that explanation and we are coming up to the end of the hour thank you very much Chris and Cara for sharing. Sharing with us the skill of building habits I don't think I learned a lot today and definitely certainly since you gave me my homework assignments. So we're I'm going to allow both of you to finish up with your closing points just tell us the most important points you want our listeners to to get from today's to days webinar and during that time I'm going to wait to see if anyone else has questions so Chris let's. What's the big take away. Great. Yeah absolutely and first of all thank you and for hosting this and of course thanks everyone for watching you know what I'd like to say I guess I would end with is remembering that one like Cara kept saying giving yourself permission to you know do whatever does you want to work on start small. Okay start small know that any kind of change is going to take time whatever that outcome goal is remember what this is a long way to get to that goal and celebrate those small wins don't don't overlook those every little bit of positive change is a win celebrate those right and down high five virtual high five whatever you be but those are that's that's those are all the things that's going to allow us to be successful in the long run. Okay great thank you and if people wanted to communicate with you after this how could they do that. So our website is more results are that results results results. Results dot com certainly on social media on Facebook it's more results on Instagram it's more results. So you know check in you can certainly send us messages there we were on there regularly chatting putting videos like this and others so definitely check those sites out. Okay thank you very much for joining us today Chris and Cara what's your what's the last word. Yeah so I guess if I could have two questions that I'd have people keep in the back of their mind it would be what if and how can I and so if we gave ourselves permission to. Just ask those two questions like what if I could make this change because so often we align to something that we think that it has to look like we think that exercise has to look like this we think eating has to look like this we looked to other people for the answers. But if we give ourselves the chance to ask ourselves these are own questions that we can come up with our own answer intrinsically and and find what works for us and there's that's where the real power lies. Thank you very much for that Cara and thanks again Chris and Cara for joining us today and thank you everyone for took time out of their busy days to join us as well. I hope all of you have a great afternoon and continue to be safe. Thank you.