

=== FILE: A Deep Dive Into Nutrition Supplements [1o_y_JPZ2Gc].txt ===

You you you you you you welcome to the nsm cpt podcast and our facebook live webcast i want to say thank you for attending and also to let you know that we do this every week twice a week with Mondays and Fridays at 12 noon eastern time so if you'd like to continue to do this and you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you and you you and you you you and you you you you and you you you you and you and and he also has been a subject matter expert for nsm and developed chapters in our corrective sorry in our certified nutrition specialist course and I believe it was on protein so I want to before I continue I just want to shout out to Jordan turn it over to him have him introduce a little bit about himself what he's done what you've contributed to nsm and then we'll get right into the topic of supplements and keto thanks for having me yeah I've been working on supplement research protein research diet everything the science of body building since I was a bachelor student at university Tampa through my master's through my PhD working in supplement industry started 2014's my first year so I've been doing that for a while too I did my dissertation on ketogenic diet and how to adapt that diet for athletic performance so I know a lot there and for nsm I contributed to the CPT text the most recent one not sure if it's out yet it might be able to give some insight there and then the the FNS I believe the nutrition textbook oh man, excellent look thank you so much for for your contributions to the stuff that we do in nsm and in recent conversations that I've had on the podcast supplements come up but usually it will be somebody like a registered dietitian and and their focus that have been on here hasn't necessarily been about performance or they may focus on weight loss but they don't have any focus on supplementation and weight loss so if I ask a question about it they're good and listen hey pump the brakes and do time out to me at any point where you're like hey that's that's something my core competency or my area focus but that's what I want to get into right now and if you don't mind let's just go through if we can talk about supplementation in regard to high-perchrophy and regard weight loss and regard to sports performance I think those are three great content pieces that people would be interested in and then I'll let you pick which one you want to talk about and we'll bat it back and forth through each other. All right, well let's start with high-perch fee. Number one, always going to be oh yeah I can't say always but at least for right now your best bet's going to be creatine nothing new. It's lost as a luster a little bit but above all other ones that's going to be the one that's going to help the most Scott the most evidence aside from caffeine is the most researched ingredient out there definitely contributes and it'll mostly with increasing your workout volume and workout volume is going to be tied directly to the amount of muscle that you can build. All different kinds of performance too so obviously with workout volume as I just said strength as well maximal strength and even endurance as long as a lot of endurance athletes they get scared of the weight gain they think the weight gain is going to slow it down but it actually does help with endurance performance as well. Beyond that protein if you consider it a supplement obviously protein helps so if you want to dive down that I don't know I don't consider it a supplement even the the the wave powders or any kind of protein powder bars like in citerum a food and then the amino acids associated with those. Well can we go back to creatine just for a moment because I do want to talk about protein so let's keep that on the top shelf because we're going to move back to it but let's talk about creatine and what it means so that's been around since I was young and I remember that being something that had been researched quite a bit are there different types of creatine are different types of creatine whether that's you know different additives whatever I mean talk us through it and then you talk about volume and what it is that creatine does that allows for that extra rep or to to get accomplished. Right so yeah there's a lot of different kinds of creatine they have the industry that I know well is trying to keep it sexy and yeah the creatine model hydrate is your best bet there's that they mean maybe there's something worse better but we can't substantiate that based on the data uh creatine model hydrate is the most studied form of creatine there's a lot of others creatinethalester there's the creatine probably 10 different other kinds creatine model hydrate definitely above all else has the most data behind it and best absorbed and all that every every kind of factor and what creatine does once it gets inside is it contributes to what we call the phosphogen energy system which is your quick ATP whatever cellular energy you have available uh creatine contributes directly to that it doesn't have to go through some sort of energy process at ATP producing process like glycolysis or the crebsyco which take time it's just contributing directly to the available energy pool which is why it works best for increasing exercise volume and increasing strength because those are generally shorter periods of time within that first 30 seconds or so of of your set or of your whatever kind of about a performance you have. Yeah okay now now that's what I that's what you meant when you said early and you started off about increasing volume right so uh and there is a significant correlation between muscle hypertrophy and volume of exercise performed and I think the creatine and increasing monahydrate in particular would be something that allows for that one extra rep maybe two extra reps and over time that would create a a more significant synthesis of well a a training effect and hopefully then a synthesis of protein which is what we're going to talk about next and able to get those muscles to come in or those proteins to come in and help rebuild those muscles and build them up and this kind of anabolic state as we start to to go from working out and and breaking down muscle and then recovering and building that muscle back up so as there a correlation then can we make that that conversation about protein right now and what is the benefit of protein and and we've touched on it on the show before how much protein what's needed and what happens with those branch chain amino acids and do we need at a different amino acid supplement or protein supplement just talk us to that yeah protein uh there's a lot to talk about the protein and get down into the individual amino acids different compositions but to start on kind of a macro type level looking at like a top-down approach most important is going to be the amount of protein second most important the type of protein and that has to do with the amino acid composition of that protein and the source of that protein and then after that timing which we can get into as well protein in terms of what it does it does so many things in regards just throughout the body all different systems but specifically related muscle we know it most for helping to build muscle recover damage tissues but it does actually a lot even like with the immune system protecting against or helping to recover from even like upper respiratory tract infections we see with endurance type athletes but protein is supplying amino acids which are then after being broke down through digestion they're going into different synthetic processes maybe like muscle protein synthesis where there's taking those amino acids that are attained from the protein through digestion and reassembling them into different types of proteins that can then go and do other things in terms of like muscle proteins that are the myos in actin which are the contractile proteins that form the muscle tissue and in rebuilding those after some micro trauma from weightlifting theoretically we rebuild that larger and then you have a more muscle tissue that can then go onto your in the future and age your performance by having more contractile proteins available to exert a stronger force effect and is there what is the I've read recently and spoken with people there's there seems to be a key ingredient in one of those branch chain amino acids that can help to support the stimulation of protein synthesis called lucine is that true is there a kind of a that's not seen in fact okay so lucine is one of the amino acids that's in protein it is a branch chain amino acid and it can't do the job alone but it does provide a signal so there are different or probably thousands if not millions of signals in the body lucines one of those signals it is generally considered an anabolic signal when you're talking about muscle and it basically tells muscle protein synthesis to turn on now that will only translate into actually building muscle proteins if all of the other amino acids are available so lucine is just saying hey build protein but if there's no amino acid available to form that protein it won't happen that's why the total amount of protein is so important and would rank higher in that top-down than the individual types of amino acids are the protein source okay I got you and then can we address one more thing with muscle hypertrophy because I do want to make sure we we have time to hit everything else that we've got slated for today we talked about type of creating and can we talk about type of protein and can we discuss that for just in general what seems to be the the best and then for those who have dietary restrictions whether it's let's say vegan options what are good potential vegan options if they're not going to have the other options available thank you read my chapter so animal proteins are best because they contain more of those anabolic elucine than the other essential amino acids so breaking it down from protein to different categories of amino acids would be the next step you have essential and non-essential amino acids essential amino acids must be obtained in the diet and they're most abundant in animal sources of protein they can be used to form the non-essential amino acids through transamination which is just reconfiguring those amino acids structures into different amino acids to supply those non-essentials but all of them will be incorporated into muscle proteins most of which will be essential amino acids because we are like animals when they're mammals so we have we'll have similar amino acid profiles and our muscle tissue is same as a staker hamburger whatever happens to be so other sources other than animals if you're looking if you're trying to limit those in your diet some of the higher elucine proteins are plant proteins are soy which is pretty common I think pumpkin seed is pretty high pea is either pea or rice could tell you I'll talk my head one of those two is relatively high I think it's pea in elucine yeah I think that's right and I've read quite a bit about pea protein it seems to be pretty hot right now along with rice as well these things are really coming about so that's good to hear let's let's have a look real quick yeah a little bit the combination of those different types of proteins different sources like rice and beans you hear a lot for these complementary proteins because certain plant proteins are usually if an option say usually sometimes low in one particular essential amino acid you need to have a different source that has greater concentrations of a particular amino acids in order to get what we would call a complete protein that has all nine of those essential amino acids in a particular lehi quantity and an essential amino acid is an amino acid that you must get through the diet correct yeah can't form on the body can't make them from other substrates yeah okay all right so thanks for adding that now let's move into actually let's move into performance because I think hypertrophy and performance link pretty well to each other so what would be some if anything so we're now not discussing specifically about hypertrophy but you know we're not talking about bigger but we might be talking about faster stronger jump higher some type of endurance support what are some of the supplements that have evidence backing to support performance yep all right so we got to break it down a little bit so bigger faster stronger still gonna be creatine pretty highly ranked okay beta alanine will contribute to that but for in lactic acid so you can go a little bit longer at a higher intensity which is the mechanism for beta alanine things and then you're looking at things like endurance where you're going for longer periods of time very protractive periods things like caffeine and nitrates are really really good sometimes hey I'm sorry are the nitrates when you say that are those the same things found in hot dogs and delimates is that what I'm talking about? chemically yeah yeah usually you're getting it from a different source and when it comes to supplementation most often as B-group it actually like a lot of data on nitrates from B-rude and B-rude juice supplementation going back into energy systems contributes to having more ATP production so you have also a reduced oxygen cost of exercise if you want to talk about the nitty gritty self-science kind of interesting so you're on both ends you are both reducing the energy cost of exercise and helping to supply a little bit more energy so obviously benefits endurance when you look at it through that lens and then caffeine to go back to just to touch on endurance athletes that's sometimes think that's going to increase quiz if at rest caffeine might increase your heart rate but during exercise actually will help lower your heart rate or keep it from going a little bit higher than it would without caffeine if you to say most accurately that is interesting that I did not know thanks for that and all the sudden as as more of a giant fan than a jet fan you know it was easy for me to look at that that film of Mark Sanchez years ago eating that hot dog and go what now maybe he was trying to get the nitrates out of it so I'm going to stop judging I'm going to stop judging maybe he was just getting a supplementation there I think this is interesting the beta-aline buffering some of that that lactic acid caffeine which many people already use for just daily performance not necessarily sports performance but that has been highly researched and supported and there are a lot of different types of performance that are out there that need to be addressed because you could do supplementation but that you know what you would need as a sprinter I suppose might be a lot different in some cases than what a long distance runner would need yeah definitely for sure all right well what about weight loss then what is weight loss look like with supplementation weight loss is a little bit more complicated you've noticed like in like an infomercial any kind of supplementation type deal that they're trying to pitch somebody for weight loss is always with diet and exercise yeah that's still the case there's nothing that in terms of supplementation that's going to help you lose weight in and of itself completely on its own that being said things that will stimulate the metabolism to run at a higher rate or to shift your substrate utilization from carbohydrate over to fat which is how you're the two substrates you're going to use to generate ATP to make energy and to fuel your movement those types of things can help but again it's with diet and exercise so if just taking some of those things that'll help with that but increase increasing your total color can take you're not going to lose any weight you're probably going to gain weight so there's another higher archie to that as well and in terms of specifics caffeine again is obviously going to increase metabolic rate stimulants as a whole things like sinephrin or to need and other types of stimulants can work synergistically to help with that but again always with diet and exercise things like green tea as well there's a little bit of data that'll suggest that it can help but it's usually not particularly strong and again diet and exercise do you think that the green tea the evidence and the green tea is there because of the caffeine or is it in addition to or without consideration for the caffeine data's a little bit mixed on that so in some cases some studies will say that having caffeinated green tea will increase the effects of caffeine like by itself so taking like say you're getting a hundred milligrams of caffeine and it's coming from green tea or is coming from a caffeine and hydros who just pure chemical caffeine some studies will show that the green tea and caffeine will have a little bit greater effect on weight loss than the caffeine by itself. Interesting in those cases I usually say yeah it's probably doing something but it might not be that strong or it might only be in a certain needs case there might be something with the person or the environment or something some kind of unknown parameter that wasn't measured that could be contributing to the effect. Gotcha. I think it's valid and important to point out that you did say along with the diet and exercise and those two if we're talking about magic pills I think those are our one two punches and those are definitely hard pills to swallow for a lot of people so getting the diet down and getting the exercise and getting the support that people need to better adhere and comply with some dietary programming and some programming when it comes to exercise and you actually have done a lot of study on one particular dietary program and this is really where when we were initially talking I wanted to just speak on supplements and I thought my goodness having somebody who did some in-depth study on the keto diet it'd be a shame for me to pass this up because it's big. It is it is so common right now that I would love to have a conversation with you and regard to keto diet what that means for people what it means for performance what it means for hypertrophy and weight loss all the things that we've already talked about in regard to supplementation what does that mean in the keto diet and then if you have any data because I'm always interested in things that affect me personally as a type two diabetic I'm pretty interested in seeing if the you know what about the keto diet is supportive with that as well so without me talking too much more about it I'm just letting you do your thing man you did a dissertation on it and if you can do some of that stuff that they get to us let's go. Help me stay on track a little bit because there's a lot to cover so we'll tackle the performance side first. But first actually we have to talk about how to actually define the diet because there's a lot of different ideas about what it is and to me a ketogenic diet is one which causes the body to produce ketones okay so ketones are the little small chain carbons they're basically really small fatty acid molecules that are you the most common one is a but it's a few to rate so that's a four carbon molecule that's just like a fatty acid chain clipped and then it has a ketone group on it and to produce those you're basically going through series of beta oxidation which is to go back you're taking a fatty acid through the diet it's going through beta oxidation you're just clipping off carbon's two at a time and then those go through the crep cycle that made KTP. What happens to produce ketones is there's a lot more beta oxidation going on than there is crep cycle so those two carbon things are building up in the cell and then eventually when they reach a critical mass they're leaking out into the blood and then they can get into the urine and that's how people are measuring them through the urine strips and through the blood ketone meters and other tools through the breath that they might be using to indicate whether or not they're in or out of ketosis so a quick definition on that is the body's making more ketones than it would through a different style of eating and to put some numbers on it if you're looking at the blood ketone meter to usually use 0.3 if it's beta hydroxybutary or 0.5 if it's total ketones just because there are a few different kinds. Okay and I just ask what's the difference from ketones and what I hear in those commercials that say be aware of keto acid doses what's the difference between that? So there's going to be the same chemical just keto acid doses is a condition for diabetics which is where most people hear about that where ketones are produced as a result of the liver failing and you're reaching these super super high levels of ketones. It's not that the ketones are a problem. It's that the liver's failing and these are an indicator of that liver failing so they're the marker that's saying hey there's a problem here we need some attention and it's kicking out these ketones because it's trying to provide enough energy to stay alive once it's become so insulin resistant that glucose can't get in there. Oh okay all right less of a problem in and of itself it's just that that's the marker to go down a related rabbit hole that's kind of another theory behind cholesterol where it's responding to inflammation because the classic example is fire trucks show up to a fire fire trucks are not the problem but right. Yeah less problem blaming ketones for that problem when they're potentially solution and the body trying to preserve itself. Wow that is interesting. Yes go on go on because that that is a rabbit hole so let's let's move on I love it let's talk about the ketogenic bag. Right so now we know what my definition of a ketogenic diet would be. I like to we'll move on to these two different kinds of ketogenic diet we have kind of a modern and a classical example. So ketogenic diet's been around for about a hundred years maybe longer used to treat epilepsy and it's originally what called a therapeutic ketogenic diet that's one that's restricting carbohydrate to a great degree in order to elicit very high levels of ketones and to really reduce body's reliance on glucose as a substrate which seems to be therapeutic for people with epilepsy and more recently that same style of therapeutic ketogenic diet has been used research for obesity, diabetes and other clinical conditions. Still using therapeutic very low like 20 to 50 grams max total carbohydrate intake per day. Yes per day. That is very restricted. And that's a lot of the pushback on it is that it is so restrictive people can ever stick to it but if you're a healthy person you don't need to restrict it that much and that's kind of the more modern idea of a ketogenic diet where people are measuring and again to go back to that definition ketogenic diet is one which the body's anachitoogenic state where you're producing more ketones than you would otherwise and to that point before we move on too far having higher ketones doesn't mean necessarily you're doing a better job or your or it's not a direct relationship to how you are consuming that diet is not an indicator of your performance on ketogenic diet or how closely you're sticking to that. You just wanted to be elevated above a baseline and what people see when they start ketogenic dieting is in the first couple of weeks ketones will be pretty high they might get up single digits like one two three four instead of like the point three or point five that I mentioned earlier and then after those first few weeks they'll start to come down what's going on is the body's not adapted yet to using those ketones says they are a fuel substrate that goes through the crevicycle like I mentioned and what's still going on is it's kicking out a lot and you kick out a lot of ketones they're accumulating in the blood but you're not using them as fuel substrate yet because the body's not adapted to doing so yet. So what's happening in ketogenic you know when you're adapted which is a very important part of this modern approach that we get into for performance is you want to be able to use them you want to be adapted to the diet so studies that come out and they say well it's not working for this out of the other thing well most of the time it's because people aren't adapted yet they're looking at it very early on we're not giving them time to basically turn their metabolism upside down from what it has been for probably decades before they were being examined so new style is basically the one that I would consider ketogenic diet is just by that broad definition one which produces a ketogenic state so for normal people if that is 20 grams maybe that's 20 grams but in my case that can be 200 grams in a day and that's going to be directly proportional to my activity level and that's a tenfold increase right now I'm a little bit larger I'm like 220 pounds if I'm very active that day I can tolerate that level on a regular day I'm closer to 80 but I'll still be maintaining ketosis really yes so that's kind of this interesting part where we find this intersection between people without some kind of chronic health condition people who are healthy they are active if they can adapt their lives are basically unaffected except for a few small things in terms of their performance and you know other lifestyle factors that might be like what they pick at a restaurant but your performance will be pretty much intact because I've been doing this I think it was like 2012 2013 I started 2013 I think we want to start it so about seven years in that and I'm still performing at what I would say a pretty high level not like making amazing covers or anything but I can squat over 600 I can deadlift over 600 I can bench over 400 I competed 198 so that's all that's triple double triple bodyweight most people would think impossible I'm the endurance side there's Zack Bitter who's got the 100 mile I'm not sure it's world but I know it's at least an American record I like 12 hours and he's ketogenic athlete and in terms of like what I did for my dissertation was all about looking at active people and how to get them to adapt to the diet and looking at strategic carbohydrate consumption so timing carbohydrate near exercise under the theory that you're putting it into the system and then you're going to use it immediately as soon as exercise over you'll drift back into a ketogenic state if you would even ever leave that state because even during normal exercise ketones increase even if you're not consuming a ketogenic diet just through that previous mechanism where you're utilizing a lot of fat so ketones are increasing because your body's increasing the energy availability that it needs to go and perform exercise okay if my losing anybody at this point no well well we're gonna get into these questions in a moment and if we lose anybody we're second right back in because they're gonna participate but if you were to do a study and you could say well we need people who are not on a keto diet to practice a keto diet would you have them practice it for maybe a few weeks before testing performance let's say you're doing a pre-imposter that you're doing control group how would you set that study up? Yeah ideally so there's a complications when you're working at university so you basically have 12 weeks to do everything because that's about this semester is so if I were to design the perfect study I would want to measure people at the beginning before they do anything before they make any changes about a week or two after they start making those changes so I can have a deficit I want to know their deficit that they would have to make up to return to baseline we would call that like the negative effect of a short-term ketogenic diet or a carbohydrate deprivation period where they're not adapted how much they're performance declines and then go through the probably the three months at least ideally six months to give them a ton of time to adapt and get used to that and then measure them again have them switch back and see after one to two weeks again whatever that first increment of time was switch back to the diet same increment of time measure them again okay now that that makes it perfect or somewhat some of it. It's better than you know if you could do more than 12 weeks it's certainly better if you could make that happen you know I think that I can I can speak from at least some experience when it comes to to this is that before I was diagnosed with the diabetes when I would work out I'd go hypoglycemic really fast like I just I'd get you know we can shaky since I cut out many carbohydrates and I'll have them quite as often at all and I've still started training or I'll go and do Moetai at Hinto Gracies and we'll do some intense workouts and on no carbohydrates nothing in my system now before that would have sent me down this real shaky road but it seems that my body has started to adapt to that while either on an empty stomach or without any or little carbohydrates and I can I can perform in my output my energy expenditure is still elevated without these kind of adverse effects that I was previously having. Yeah so I mean in terms of the research that we've done did the first study about five years ago and that was just in weight training and we observed so the strength gains were the same body composition changed just to gain the same amount of muscle a ketogenic group lost a little bit more body fat and we did win gay tests which is a cycle sprint test without reintroducing carbohydrate performance on that so their power output declined a little bit okay but we gave them carbohydrate back for a week and once they got that carbohydrate back performance came back they made the same performance gains in that test as did the control group so our interpretation of that in that first go around was that they made the adaptation through that training period which was eight weeks at that time they made all those adaptations but they needed the carbohydrate to realize those adaptation so it took that bit and I carried it forward I used the same concept knowing what I had learned from that for the dissertation we did a repeated sprint test so we did six of them in series observed the same thing on the first one performance declined their power output was down but by the end the last two sets they are actually kicking but for the compared to their control group their performance actually up and if you think about the mechanisms behind that and the energy production processes that underlie what would go into that type of performance even though it's high intensity which would normally require carbohydrate the control group carbohydrate base they're using up all those carbohydrate in the first few sets so by time they get to the end they don't have anything left that they're accustomed to using and keep in mind that guys strategically using carbohydrate during their performance their exercise sessions through their training period before they got to the post testing so the ketogenic group still is maintaining at least their like glycolidic enzymes and all that their pathways that are using carbohydrate to produce energy so they're both carbohydrate and carbohydrate or carbohydrate adapted and fat adapted when they're going through that test so they're using carbohydrate just fine for their high intensity when it reaches that critical really high intensity point but even at the back end of those high intensity sprints they have enough fat in reserve to use as fuel to carry them through the end of that test and I relate that back to application unless you knock the guy out in the first 30 seconds you're going to have to play the three rounds so I think it's a little bit better to have that there in the tank yeah yeah I like that that is that's eye opening that interpretation and what what may be happening going on is that you know a few exhausts your carbohydrates stores and you haven't practiced gluconeo genesis and your body's not adapted to creating that and working off of that then you know the the person who's been through that experience has the gas in the tank so to speak to to go to war with thank you for that and here's what I want to do right now Jordan I know we're we're getting close on time if you've got time I want to open this up to Greg and have him asked some questions from our listeners and then I have one more really important question that I want to ask and I'll close out with that if somebody doesn't beat me to the punch so Greg what do you got there oh we've got plenty very active chat and enjoy the conversation Mary wants to know can women take creatine without water weight gain probably not you will gain a proportional amount of water weight with that predominantly is stored within the muscle itself and again it's just water so if you stop taking it it'll go away hi generally view the water weight concern as a trivial concern because it is transient it's definitely not anything that's permanent if you do use like a half dose of creatine that are limited water retention effects but it is going to be proportional to the amount consumed so like a two and a half or three grams serving you'll get some performance benefit but you'll just store half as much water as you would otherwise and can I then interpret that to mean that I still or women in this particular question can still build muscle and high perchrophy but once they stop taking the creatine they maintain that high perchrophy but they lose the water weight correct all right and then Sophia in the chat wants to know I hear that women should slightly modify keto genic diets due to our natural fluctuations of our hormones like give ourselves one day before menstruation to have higher carbohydrates to avoid symptoms or negative exercise that's for deformance is this true and why so I can't tell you why I have heard that a number of times and in terms but in terms of like the available data they're I don't as far as I know there's been no studies on comparing the sex differences for ketogenic diet or how to adapt it between sexes can't say in my study that I did from my dissertation I had both men and women in the study and I did hear that complaint and in just in through like everyday life just the people I know who have done it the women that have done it they have reported similar things and I can't say that having some carbohydrate does seem to alleviate some of the any kind of worse and defects during that week but as far as the why I can't tell you and there I can't give you a lot of guidance either on amounts or I can really tell you as in general yes having a little bit more does seem to be beneficial can I ask a question on that then so we're looking at a question that's really saying ketogenic diet is your diets so that is your your your lifestyle and what you eat there's there's nothing wrong I assume with having a ketogenic diet and then having days where people eat carbohydrates as well that that take you out of the toses yeah I don't view that as this like it's not to me it's not a problem at all I'm pretty liberal with carbohydrate consumption especially relative to probably the majority of people that you would talk to who do practice this type of diet or or anything related to that diet even with so like I said earlier sometimes I'll go up to 200 grams a day my normal life is basically I will time carbohydrate around exercise and then one day week or one day every other week I'll have a couple of meals two or three well I say one to three which are higher carbohydrate and that's both the targeted and the cyclical approach to use the terms that people might find in the browser around the internet targeted being carbohydrate consumption near exercise and then cyclical being once a week or just picking a day to go and have whatever you want and for me my in my goals aren't weight loss too so I'm preface with that um my not strength and muscle gain so it's not negative to me in any way to do that if you were trying to achieve weight loss I would limit it I'd pick one of those two strategies first of all and I'd keep it a little bit more rained in but there's still some benefit I think to having some intermittently uh again go you know even it's all encompassing creating an increase and working out volume carbohydrates do the same thing depending on the type of work you're doing so it all comes back most well a lot of it comes back like 90% to die to exercise so if you can increase your exercise output you're probably going to have better training effects. Well I'm with you on that because I uh I'm somebody who will have some carbohydrates and I know that if I'm going to plan carbohydrates more in my meals as a diabetic so I'll preffer let me let me put that out there um that I'm going to I'm going to plan my workout with that as well so I'm not just going to and that happened yesterday morning because I've been in Alabama with my folks my mom and dad and uh I had seen biscuits and gravy in years and living in New York City that's not just a thing that we do there so being back at home and that got pulled out for the second time I refused at the first time around and when it was pulled out a week later I went guess who's doing a run today so you know you can you can allow yourself some of those things but I I like that where you you know you can you can you can plan your carbohydrate intake also around the amount of exercise that you do I think that can that's very helpful for me in my situation and it might be a supportive statement for others Greg do we have other questions here we do I love reading these questions because it's like being an actor I get to go from being a woman asking a question like you did to being a 41 year old man in great shape this time so James is uh uh is asking I'm a 41 in great shape and just suffered from a heart attack from a clot and my right coronary artery doctor is concerned with a keto I was keto prior I LDL level was 124 heart is imperfect in it is imperfect condition it was just a clot should I be concerned with doing keto? I know I'm not a doctor of that variety so this is purely my personal opinion and not medical advice in any way but if it were me I would not be concerned. Good I think that's there also if um uh hey Greg what was his name? James I'm sorry James that's right so um if there's a way I'd like for James to have access to some materials that that can support him that he may be able to present to his doctor so James stay tuned it will will you can you can DM me on Instagram and uh I'll certainly have Jordan give his uh where where to find him and he'll have a lot more data than me so if you DM me all I'm going to do is go back to Jordan and say help me out so uh when you can reach out to Jordan stay tuned on this conversation at the end he'll give some contact information and hopefully be able to provide some information that you can present to your physician all right Greg next. That is everything from the chat it appears now unless we get another one that comes in here I'll let you know uh Jordan I just wanted to say hi I'm highly jealous of you beard I know it's not about that keto resemblance but highly jealous love that beard so I appreciate that. All right so here here's my question for you Jordan and I have it written out before we started in all caps then what do you eat because if we get that question all the time and keto what do you eat? Uh I eat a lot of meat and vegetable uh that's the majority of it um I'm on a round right now where I've been having birth benders waffles uh in the morning for breakfast uh that's been a departure from the usual bacon and eggs but predominantly it's it's meat and vegetables oil some dairy so yeah nothing crazy. Nothing crazy it seems what about um are there some of these things like the waffles are there certain flowers and stuff like that that seem to be a bit more keto friendly for people that it's a different it's a whole different kitchen experience so uh yeah I'm really good at adapting recipes and I think that it's actually a lot of fun to take something we'll call normal and then switch up a few of the ingredients to make it a low carb type of dish and still kind of achieve the same thing. Certain things are difficult but uh you know like pasta but I never really like pasta all that much anyway so I'm usually all right. Yeah for for us my family will still eat pasta but I get that uh those zucchini noodles usually and uh and I'm totally pleased with it so I'll take that um join look man we are lucky to have you as a subject matter expert at NASM and a contributor to uh what we do and our completions with our text and our programming and our coursework so thank you for that I think Muscle Sport is lucky to have you on their research and development team and leading that charge so uh look thanks for everything you're doing and just for people who are still on it where and how can they find you whether you're social media your email accounts website anything like that let them know. Yep most active on Instagram at Jordan M. Joy. Excellent. All right cool Jordan thank you so much for being here I want to thank everybody out for tuning in and participating in the conversation about supplements and the keto diet. My name is Rick Richie and this is the NASM CPT podcast.

=== FILE: A Look at Evidence-Based Training [o_yN8Bbbz5A].txt ===

Welcome to the SMTT podcast, my name is Rick Richie, and I want to thank you for being here today. And for those of you who saw on my Instagram stories that we were doing a countdown leading up to this particular conversation about Pilates and research with somebody very special to me. I guess this is joining us today, and I want to introduce her a little bit and tell you about why she special to me before I let her introduce herself. And I want to express my appreciation of my gratitude for you, Dr. Hess, because she was in charge of all the research classes I took when I was going through my doctoral program at CalU, and she was kind and stern and loving and supportive and everything that you wish that you had from a teacher. So thank you for that, and at times let's be honest, a little bit scary. And I appreciate you for every bit of it at graduation. You were the most loving, interested, supportive, and proud person when I showed up there. So thank you so much for everything that you've done for me, and numerous other students throughout your teaching career. I appreciate that. I'm so happy to have you on the show. Please introduce yourselves. Yourself and let people know a little bit about who you are. Thanks, Rick. It's always a delight to work with students and research. I've spent most of my career doing that. Working with students on research as opposed to doing research of my own, or with other colleagues, is really most interesting to me, because I think it's naturally developing curiosity. So if I can cultivate curiosity, that's what it's all about. For me, I've been teaching in the Health and Exercise Sciences for an Op-A-Long time, over 40 years. So, there you go. So, yeah, I have a crossed background in dance and also a little bit of, but I was always interested even when I was dancing or teaching dance in the science of movement. So that was what just kept propelling me through to my PhD. So which ultimately was in motor learning and motor control. So that's how I've gotten to where I am. And I'm interested in talking to you guys not only about research for the fitness professional, but how that best fits for the fitness professional. Oh, I love that. And listen, I've always said that dance is what happens when Pilates stands up. So I think that that's why there's so many dancers that end up going into Pilates. And they become teachers and instructors or at least class participants in it because somehow it seems very familiar to them. Yes, and if you had grown up and the time frame that I did on all of us grew up as modern dancers using grand technique, Martha Graham. And so, and she worked with Joe Pilates. They shared students as well as with balancing in New York City there. So the studios were all very close to one another. And when the dancers were injured, they were sent to Joe or Uncle Joe. So when I first started training in Pilates, really it never really dawned on me that a lot of our techniques that we use in modern dance have Pilates bases to them. So I ended up serving on the Certification Commission for the Pilates Certified Instructor. And from there I was kind of sourced out by the Executive Director of Wonderful Woman, Elizabeth Anderson of the Pilates Method Alliance. She wanted to put together a research initiative. And this was in 2016. So in 2016 we launched it with a dual keynote speak with a woman who had been fostering research there as a physical therapist, Sherry Betts, who did a phenomenal job for a long time on her own promoting research in Pilates. And since then, we have developed a full blown research committee for the Pilates Method Alliance known as PMA. Oh, PMA Pilates Method Alliance. And then one of my friends books, the PMA effect also positive mental attitude. I'm loving everything about this conversation so far. So thank you very much. I want to get into a little bit about some of the research in Pilates. And are you finding that, you know, they're these initial ideas of what Pilates was doing? And now we've got some research. So have you found that the research, you know, how much does it support what those original ideas were? And then are there any things that you're like, well, this is traditionally what was taught, but the research is kind of pulling us on a different direction or it makes us think a different way. Yes. I always refer to research that we wish it would tell us as cardiac research. Yeah. And I remember as a student, I would say, be careful about meddling with your searching and your research in terms of how you feel. So you have to keep that very objective. Yes, I did in 2016, when I presented for them and since several sessions, I've really gotten a lot more into the Pilates research. And we know several things. One is that Pilates is extremely effective on changing quality of life. And this is when you think about it, this is vitally important across the lifespan, especially even in a time now where our spirits, our emotions are tested. And so having these avenues in this particular training method that really focuses on mind body. It is a high-pob somatic practice. So also we know that there are some very interesting results for low back pain, but pain is one of those issues that is so nevelous that is to get a handle on what the research is telling. However, I just did a newsletter for the PMA in an upcoming newsletter, looking at a really nice high quality systematic review and meta analysis, which was looking at the effects of Pilates prepared to control, meaning no additional treatment, and Pilates compared to other forms of balance training. So they were looking at the effects of Pilates on balance and falls in the older adult. This is something that Pilates has been very up on in terms of following the client through their lifespan and what Pilates is really manifesting in the body. This was a very interesting review because they're procedures and methods were very well done. And what they found was that there is a moderately significant effect for Pilates' favoring Pilates in terms of comparing it to a control, high effect for overall balance. And so this is very, very interesting finding when we start to see these higher levels of evidence, tell us looking at over 400 in some people 15. These were also randomized controlled trials that they were reviewing. So again, high level of evidence. But I do want to talk a little bit about level of evidence. I do too, yes, yes. So let's get into this because there are so many things about this that going through your coursework not only was level of evidence important source that that level of evidence was published in. And I know in previous times I would just say, hey, this is in, I don't know, Google scholar, right? Or this is published in PubMed. It didn't matter which publication it was in. It was just published and reviewed so it must be good. But there are numerous caveats in that. And those are some things that I'd like to explore with you because we know that level of evidence and the presentation of that evidence and who publishes it can have a significant effect on the validity of that. Yeah. When I talk to the plodys instructors and certified plodys instructors, as well as other fitness professionals, I always start with reminding them that you're a researcher whether you think you are or not. You're also a consumer of research because you apply the evidence by using recommendations in position statements, consensus statements, wherever you're gaining this from, you are using research. But when we look at level of evidence, we want to remind ourselves that, and I also want to come back to credibility. So you've kind of gotten my mind split. Sorry. So I do want to address level of evidence because basically what we know is you have to be comparing something to something else. And this, and it also needs to be done in a rather random and systematic manner to make a long story short. So based on a pyramid, we see that the strength of the evidence goes up and the bias, the potential bias of the evidence goes down, the higher to the top of the pyramid we climb, which is where the systematic reviews and meta-analysis are, followed underneath by randomly controlled trials. But there is also something else we have to factor into the equation and that's quality of the research, which we probably need to come to at some point. Because a lot of people, especially in my sports nutrition class, we see position statements that were based on meta-analysis and systematic reviews are viewed quite often because they'll come back in and look at the methodology and go, hey, in reducing the literature that you reviewed, there might have been bias here and here. So it's kind of on-to-fit this professional to, to no longer say, I don't know anything about research, educate yourself because you are, if nothing else, you're a consumer of research. The ability is the other thing that you talked about. So when we talk about credibility, that's where I spend, I teach a graduate research course to wellness coaches and health and wellness coaches and one of the things that I spend the most amount of time on is are you using credible sources? Two quick ways to determine that and you mentioned them. One is looking at the authors and where the authors are located, who are they and who are they affiliated with. Always safe bets are those people affiliated with universities that have no conflict of interest. And the second ones are to use your professional associations, especially are very preferred professional associations for certain materials. So I have a question for you based on that because, you know, I, it's probably fair. It's a fair question to ask, but a lot of times people will say, you know, a desire for companies like NASM is to be able to be profitable enough to help fund research. That's, that's like a goal. But the problem inherently is, once we fund research and we get information back, then people go, we can't trust that because you funded the research. How do we get around that? I've seen this earlier in Gatorade because the Gatorade Institute pumps out phenomenal information that I still use in my advanced sports nutrition courses because it is very good evidence. Also I am seeing that ACE is now struggling with this because they are, again, engaged in the research process and just like you say, they're funding it as well. There has to be a disclaimer. So once an association goes into funding, I still think that that is valid practice because somebody has got to fund it. Right. You know, in an educational research, we have no money. So when we see larger associations come up and say, hey, especially like Gatorade, we'll fund this, we'll look at, you know, heat of, if it's emotional heat illnesses, we'll look at dehydration. Then we should all be very grateful that that is happening. But they have to disclaim somewhere that they are not using, we're only reporting the evidence that is found. Also, if you think about it, NASA, ACE, the Gatorade Institute really doesn't have anything that they need to support in favoring them. You guys are practicing the science already. The framework, the structure of NASA was developed on the, the, the OPT model was developed from science and my Clark, good of beautiful job of that, right? So I think as long as an association explains to the people that they're aware of what conflict of interest is and that the money is only being devoted to objective research and it will be reported in either way. Yeah, okay. All right. Well, thank you for, for clearing that up. And hopefully that is, it provides something for people who are out there listening that, you know, whether or not they had a question about it or whether other people ask that question and then they go, wait a minute, I'm not sure what's going on here. The other thing I wanted to ask you about is, as we've seen multiple places throughout society right now, but there's a lot of pushback against evidence in certain ways saying that evidence can't answer everything or we don't have answers for everything. And there's a lot of truth to that too because, you know, you've got to find new things to research. So where where does this kind of evidence and then the things that aren't yet supported come into play and how can we kind of stitch those together and then of course lead into researching that in the future? This is something that we spent a lot of time cultivating in Pilates, the research committee in particular. And we do this in talking to our instructors that are interested in doing research, if they're not affiliated with a research facility or a university or healthcare system that can provide institutional review for them, then the safest way to develop good research is by developing a case report. Case reports, if you look at level of evidence, however, you may remember fall very low. That's because there's a lot of bias and the strength of reporting on only a single case or even a two or three cases or clients, only really reflects the characteristics of those clients. However, I'm currently working on a chapter right now for a book that's supporting the benefits of case reporting. And one of the things that I have found and promoting it to our Pilates instructors, many of which who hold other fitness credentials, such as personal training, strength and conditioning, is that when you, again, you're conducting research every time you work with a client. If something in the practice isn't working or is working, or you have a client that presents a unique situation, perhaps you're working with somebody with scoliosis, but the scoliosis is unique in its own vacuum or somebody who, PTSD, we're seeing a lot of research generated and Pilates right now training for or working with PTSD individuals. So I think what the person needs to be thinking about, the professional needs to be thinking about is, am I seeing something unusual, always be questioning what you're seeing, because that's the origin of a research problem, right? And any research study or report comes out of a good problem. So I, to answer your question specifically, that's how we do it. The fastest and easiest way is for fitness professionals to be reporting on their cases. Fortunately, case reports are done retrospectively. They can be done prospectively, but essentially, most of the time you're reporting on something that you've already done. You do need to get consent from your client and it has to be written and documented and stored, but it doesn't have to go through the national institutes of health. So it doesn't have to go through IRB, but it still has the same value of anonymity for that client of privacy for that client, you know, at all the other packaging that goes with institutional review IRB. Now does that mean that we could put that together with basically any client we have, if we're familiar with the process with any single client, we can basically do a case study in a case report for just our everyday practice. Yes, a case report to a little bit different than case study. So I do want to clarify that and I spend a little bit of time in my chat, talking about that. Case reports are something that you're talking about that you are doing, typically they come from clinical research and they are generated by something unusual, an unusual characteristic or condition or symptom of the patient or client. We've kind of adopted case reports into fitness health care, health related science. It's kind of manifested itself into our practice. So case studies is actually when you are planning a study so that you develop the methodology that you're going to use to observe the case and to run the case. Meaning that you can even use, let's say I'm going to see if my Pilates training using the tower will increase curvature of the, you know, of the, chiphotic curve or decrease a chiphotic curve in a person with chiphosis. And that could be a unique case, but I set up a priority to study it as opposed to I've already worked with this person. This is what I found. I find it to be very interesting like we've seen medically over the years and then it's reported. Yeah, all right, then what are some of the ways have you, are you practicing as an instructor with Pilates right now or just focusing primarily on research? No, I do. I'm not a certified Pilates instructor and one of the reasons why is because of my role working with the certification commission, which I just stepped off of this past year. So I was serving for them as a public member and so we did review through the certification exam, which is nationally accredited exam and done internationally, but I wanted to keep at end with that. You can, I still am dancing and I still can instruct ants, but once you get to my age, it's much more fun to go take class. So so I have a lot of fun working with my Pilates colleagues and learning from them and then sharing my interest in my background in research. Gotcha, well what are some of the the primary thing coming out of Pilates? And we are going to talk about you mentioned pain and you're right pain is so multi-factorial and there's some wonderful research out there on pain science that has been developed over the last 10 years and here's where I stand on it is that it is not the role of a Pilates instructor or any fitness professional to address pain. Pain may be addressed during the process of it, but not saying hey, your in pain come due Pilates. It is let me address your movement, let me address deficiencies, let me address imbalances, but it's not to address pain and people who address pain have licensure to do so. Now that doesn't mean that a fitness professional of Pilates instructor or somebody that practices any particular practice will not in fact mitigate pain that may happen, but it is not our job to say oh you should do this because of pain and I think we need to be very careful of that, but I do know for a fact Pilates has been wonderfully effective at supporting people in managing pain. I believe that's why there's so many physical therapists that incorporate Pilates into what they do because they've seen that benefit as well and the same thing in the as for the fitness professional, but there is a there is a line there that we have to to be careful where we are and what we do. So if you could speak to that and then speak to some of the things that that we've seen or that you've seen because I have been seen it as Pilates on in the research that you find to be absolutely compelling. I will start by saying three words which is what I always start with when I'm talking to people about research scope of practice. So you have to work within your scope of practice and exactly what you say about pain it would be the same thing about addressing mental health. There are professionals in our licensed and have the background and knowledge to to work with individuals specific to pain and other mental health issues and that is not our role. So again maintaining your scope of practice, I've even entered into that conversation with a lot of people about nutrition. If you don't have credentials that that match well and your scope of practice is very tight and in how you can recommend then you need to stick with education and the practice of what you're doing. And if this serendipity is that like you say is that it's beneficial, I always think that music and dance is just you know it's a way to to get the neuroendocrine system awake and alive and so whatever it works. I think the most interesting thing for me in Pilates research is really looking at what Joe wanted it to do and what it appears to be doing in its lifetime. He was a real fitness champion. He really believed in Pilates to develop strength, power, all of the things that are promoted by NASA and flexibility you know is particularly a flexible spine. He was the epitome of it himself and it's demonstrated in every aspect of the practice including the breath and the control of it. That's what I see and that's what we're starting to see in the research as the research methods get better. There's growing pains in any profession I lived through seeing it in athletic training. Athletic training a couple of decades ago was very young to research methods. I came from motor learning which has a rich long world war two and past background in research and so I would look at some of their reports and go oh my heavens what's going on here right they developed and the PhDs came into place and you can see the methodology firming up and becoming of higher quality and I'm just we're just starting to see that in Pilates research. Again a lot of the published research in Pilates is coming from the health care professional people who are certified Pilates instructors but also physical therapists, athletic trainers, physical assistants, physician assistants excuse me, all of our carapractors so they have joint credentials including personal personal trainers. So we are starting to see that Pilates can affect balance strength, flexibility, quality of life. Those seem to be the top of the list and this was one of one of the groups that Joe would have been promoting for sure. I want to ask you a question about the balance because I find this interesting and if you have a few minutes I want to add we're going to open up and have Greg go through some of the questions that people on our Facebook live group are asking but I find it interesting you talk about the benefits towards balance and you mentioned that earlier on in our conversation but I find it interesting because I don't know and I may be wrong so please inform me if I am but it it seems at least to what I see that Pilates doesn't tend to leave the mat very often or at least they don't tend to stand up. Very often. So now people think for balance that that kind of correlates to you know am I able to maintain my balance but I've never I rarely practiced that in in practice so how how is it studied how what's implemented and is it is it mat based and then do we find there's there's kind of correlation between what you do on the mat and how well you do when you're standing up. That's a that's a conversation that I used to have with the the guys in nasum all the time what's what's it? That's the correlation between practice and performance right? That's a huge issue in and of itself. Well to answer your question about mat work you're only seeing a very small segment of Pilates. A lot of what Joe's rehabilitation work was done on apparatus including the reformer which is a system of springs towers which are all spring loaded so there's a lot of spring loaded training that is done. The primary start of the mat work which is kind of the genesis of what we want everybody to go through it kind of sets the stage for what you need in terms of recruiting core musculature all the way through the core meaning right the center and front and back and sides as well as the shoulder and pelvic girdle. So developing stability there very much like the OPT model where we see that stability at the foundation right that's that is exactly what Pilates of mat work serves but it is for example I really use mat and sometimes I use mat work with yoga but I love my reformer so I use the reformer quite a bit with other aspects other Pilates apparatus. Got it. Well I also say there's a whole lot easier to buy a mat than it is a reformer. It's a whole lot easier to store a mat than it is a reformer or a chair or a barrel or all of them different apparatus that I continue to be used so I do get that and NASM got that for a long time we teach workshops and we would focus on in those work primarily stabilization training and people would think that all we did was work with bands like little bands and I was like well that's because shipping cable systems is very expensive. We ship bands and that's relatively cheap and that's it's supposed to represent what you can do with a band a free weight with anything else so I think if we're talking about this as mat work laying a foundation and then you can then take that mat work and then sit upright and then stand upright and then apply it to many many different things then it can be wonderfully supportive. With that said I want to go to Greg and see if Greg will we have anything going on in our gallery there? Yeah active chat I'm not 100% sure. Okay here you go. When you unmute your mic it helps a lot. Sorry about that. So we did have a pretty active chat today we do have one question and I'm not sure if this is in the scope but we'll we'll put it out there anyways Lucas wants to know can you talk about range of motion and activation in the Lake calf and ankle on how to fix the entire body. All right Dr. Hess do you want to address a very broad question that that seems like a narrow but I don't think it is. I think it's very very broad. I mean when you talk about range of motion and the lower extremity we do concentrate a lot with that in Pilates and in dance and we know that in all athletes there's a certain range of motion that is needed to get what we refer to as the triple extension right needed for any pushoff walking running jumping, rebounding there has to be effective or enough range of motion to produce the force and absorb the force so I always think of range of motion as coming first especially when you're looking at your potential range of motion and then strengthen power coming out of that and and we all know of course that there is a very soft spot where if you exploit the range of motion too far then you dead in the water right so there's that that critical spot to get that stretch short and cycle to go. In terms of how it affects the body we did look a little bit at this I did my postdoc in balance at the balance lab in an ear at UPMC we did look a little bit at lower legs stability not so much range of motion but lower leg stiffness in the muscles and there's a pretty strong correlation between optimal and that that's a whole other story optimal stiffness and stability and support of the rest of the body because again that's your weight bearing your weight bearing structures right but we can't underestimate what's going on in the core and the pelvic girl because if we just focus on the lower extremity and we have a weak core or pelvic girl and I'm particularly an unstable pelvic girl then then the distribution of length of those muscles that all connect up into the hip and pelvis and down behind the knee right so we get gastroxin there coming up from the foot we get hamstrings and quads coming down from the hip past the knee you can't overlook the importance of the hip. Yeah and I think also to add to that something that you mentioned goes directly back to a podcast that we recently released um we're talking about sliding filament theory and how that relates to the length tension relationship um there is an optimal length that what you're going to have optimal strength then at those end ranges of motion you don't have quite the cross bridging that's there it's harder for muscles to contract from end ranges of motion but it does not mean that we don't strengthen those end ranges of motion and I think that's something that this is something that NASM talks about but we probably don't bring up front enough which is active flexibility and active range of motion so I think that that's valuable and maybe you could speak to that a little bit. I love those terms I absolutely love those terms um working in athletic training early on in my career I taught athletic trainers undergrad in the undergrad age-up program and graduate age-up program for over 20 years and I taught caneseology and research um and really what we find is that if if we don't develop um good active range of motion um and and so I refer to when we stretch before we work whether it's dynamic or or or passive assist with yourself um you're you're just gaining your potential what's kind of there we're not trying to increase it we just need to kind of get to what we have however when we have people who have excessive range of motion like answers when we bring the dancers into the athletic training room it would make them very nervous because we have a lot of range of motion that we're trying to develop strength and stability in those outer limits that you're talking about so it's certainly there and again if we have somebody swimmers divers wrestlers um dancers that need wider ranges of flexibility we have to train them actively throughout that range. Yes oh good well then uh the injury will occur if we and that is something if anybody's going to be attending Optima 2020 um hopefully I'll be attending Optima 2020 let's see how this pandemic works out but I will be doing lessons on I'll be doing live seminars on active flexibility active range of motion and active flexibility and I think that that's just it's it's it's part of our curriculum it's part of what we teach and everybody goes through it but rarely pay as attention to it and I think the value of implementing that regularly should not be overlooked so thank you for that. Hey Greg do we have any any other questions that have popped up? Yeah one in terms of the research and evidence based discussion that you had earlier uh in the show how exactly with with the internet the way you know with anybody being able to publish anything on the internet how do you discern what is is factual and what may not be what do you what's your advice on that? Good question. Uh oh did Dr. Hester with Luzha I think I think I think we may have so oh no she's so smart I don't want to lose you Dr. Hester let me see if we can reconnecter okay um I think I'm going to start speaking to the question right now and then I'll have a much more educated person on on our line hopefully in a moment that they can speak to it um it's called peer review and one of the problems with uh peer view is that a lot of people think well it's everybody who drinks the cool aid and I understand that perspective but please also understand that research loves objectivity research in fact there can be resistance to assumptions of the norm so think about things like brain plasticity which was thought to never be the case it didn't exist and then a few professors started talking about it and and then they would get fired from their job for bringing it up and now we know empirically that brain plasticity exists and what that means is that there are new neurons the brain rewires itself and it was just all like assumed that that it that didn't happen and think about when I was in the high school they like don't drink because it kills your brain cells and you're born with all the brain cells for half and I'm oh my goodness that's very scary I don't feel like I have many so let's be very careful with how we're how we're coming off brain cells um so what we're looking at here is how do you make that make sense this research makes sense and find validity and we do that through peer research so we have other people that are good looking at your methodology looking at your procedures and yet the questions that you ask and how you go about finding those answers so hey Greg if you we have Dr. Hezbach if you want to ask that question again and have a better response from somebody smarter than me please let's address that I'd also like to apologize to the audience the camera switched to me there for a minute as well so you're going to see the man behind the curtain there as well so Dr. Hezbach was with the internet and anybody basically being able to publish information how do you discern what what is valid when you're looking at at research and trying to understand what you really should believe in. Again that gets us back to the the word credibility so look at who the author is what are their credentials that's the first place to start because if somebody is certified or licensed then they have a scope of practice that they have to work within they also have to keep up continuing education which is important to that certification or licensure that they have so that to me is the first step look at who the person is what are their credentials who are they certified or licensed through then also look at who they might be associated with but in this day and age that's less important to me because a lot of people work freelance and they're highly credible and so I again I would go back to looking at their credentials and who those who credentials are from are they working within their scope of practice so similar to what we were saying earlier if we have somebody that's a certified personal trainer and they're talking to me about exercise protocols on good with that if they start talking to me about mental health or pain management I've become very skeptical very quickly. Very good I Greg do any other questions from our crew here. Other than why they saw me nobody and no other questions I was at it that wasn't so it's thank you for the answer to that one doctor. All right doctor has thank you so much for for joining me today and sharing it so much knowledge and so much experience with with the audience here from NASM if they have questions for you or they want to find you or follow you or reach out to you if you're if you're willing to do that do you have any email address or social media platforms that you use I can always be found through cow you dot edu so I'm has underscore r a at cow you dot edu you just google where Becca has normally I will pop up and I'm always welcome I'm always talking to students from years and years ago and seeing them when I'm out and about like you Rick I hope we get to get out and about here pretty soon. Not unless it's good to see everybody over Skype and it's really good to see you. Excellent doctor has thank you so much and thank you for everything that you did for me throughout my process and my education and then upon graduation how absolutely wonderful you were in person and with my family and my children. Thank you for everything that you've done. I really appreciate you and I thank everybody for joining in and participating and listening to this. I hope you found it valuable and I hope that NASM can continue to be a resource for you and your education, your continuing education and we will continue to provide a platform for learning. My name is Rick Richie. This is the NASM CPT podcast.

=== FILE: A Trainers Guide Easing Back Pain & Joint Stiffness in Older Clients [BxmUBTaFsRg].txt ===

On today's NASM CPT podcast with me, Rick Richie, I explore how younger trainers can work with aging clients. And I also talk about how it's not just aging clients, but more in clients as the aches and pains of life start to grow. A young trainer may not understand what those aches and pains are or even where they come from. No, but none of us know where they come from. They just show up and things hurt. Okay, so life hurts, aches and pains happen. And I'm going to give you some pointers that I want you to think about. And even at the end, I'm going to give you my very own mobility series that I do for the spine that helps a lot of people with the achy back. Let's prep. Let's get people ready in their warm up and ready to do a workout. But as they age, sometimes you guys spend a little more time, a couple more minutes helping people feel better, function better and move better. Make sure you like, follow, subscribe and leave a five star review. Now, here's the episode on how younger trainers can work with aging clients. You're listening to the NASM CPT podcast with Rick Richie, winner of the ShareCare Emile Ward for social storytelling and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey, y'all and welcome to the NASM CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie. And today I want to talk about younger trainers working with aging clients. Now, to be honest, if there is an aging client, they're probably working with a younger trainer. However, let's take younger trainer into the majority of people who are in the fitness industry, the majority of people who are doing personal training. And for all intents and purposes, y'all young, there are people like me. I am 47 years. I will be 48 years old in less than one week. So I'm going to put myself in the aging category because I ain't in the younger category. I know, midlife, I get it. I get it. Because it's not just an aging body. It's also a worn body. And I've done some stuff to this body. There's years of martial arts and tumbling and prep falls that just make the bones ache. And so when we get a younger client, a younger trainer, it's hard to know what an aging body is going through. It's hard to know what, let's say, first of all, men of pause, which we're not going to spend time talking on today, really. It'll be another conversation and it'll probably be good for me to bring it in somebody who can talk at a high level about this. But what it really is is that there are aches and their pains, and they pop up all the time. And they pop up for no reason. The client says, oh, my back's really bad today. Be gentle. And the trainer's like, oh, I have it. And the client's like, sleep. That's it. I went sleep. I woke up in pain. I was fine at night. I was fine when I woke up to pee three times in a row. But on the fourth time when I woke up, my back had enough of whatever was going on. So what did I do? Nothing. I did nothing. And the younger client, the younger trainer, it's like, I don't even understand that. And I'm like, I know, I don't understand. If you're body with all the cartilage in place and, and noitis is in your body anywhere, you just don't have anitis. As soon as you get anitis, you'll start to understand. Well, here we go. You know what? It can be challenging. The whole thing can be challenging. I mean, the wheels on the bus go round and round still. But they wobble quite a bit. So here's some things that I think we need to think about when it comes to working with some older clients in the aging clients and regardless of age, the worn clients that require some really astute attention. And I can't break down everything because you're like, this is when, if I'm speaking at a conference or I'm doing a workshop, I get a bazillion hands go up and they're like, well, I have a client and I have a client. Everybody has a client that you have a story about and you want answers for that question. That's not it. This is an overview of considerations. As an overview of considerations, I'm going to give you some ideas when it comes to some spinal stability, when it comes to mobility, when it comes to some more gentle dynamics that help to build and prep the body in order to get to where they need to be to safely effectively and efficiently do a workout. I'm going to give you an example because I'm going to use me as an example because again, I am almost 48. I got some things going on in my body, aches and pains and stuff like that. And I do pretty well, but listen, I've got to extend that warm up a little bit. I'm going to start with really just my knees, my right knee in particular. I've had two surgeries on that when I had one when I was 17, I was in high school. And then two years later, I had another one when I was in college. I was 19 years old and I haven't had a surgery since then. Does it mean Papa don't need a surgery in there? It's just winds a convenient time to do that. So what do I do? Suck it up. But there's some great things about sucking it up that you can do so in a really good way that helps where it pushes a surgery, a potential surgery back because a few years ago is in a lot of pain. And I went in and I got my imaging done and you should have seen the image of that cany. I'm telling you that medial condile of the femur just there's nothing between it and the tibial plateau. They just sit right on top there. On the lateral side, you're like, oh, it must be cartilage in there. And on the medial side, none exists until it aches it hurts. Sometimes there's a wobble in my knee and that wobble is an instability. And that is a wobble of a version of pain. So you go in there and you see a wobble in the knee as a trainer and we're like, oh, oh, we need to find out as a stability issue. Is it a coordination issue? Is it a strength issue? Is it a flexibility issue? Is it all the above? It might be none of those things. It might be pain a version. And we're not here to address pain, but I will tell you this. I will get on a foam roller and it will change my life. I get on a foam roller before I do squats. So let's be specific about this before my workout. Before I do squats and squats really ache my knee a lot. But if I get on the foam roller and I do squats, it helps. It helps incredibly. But you know what else helps? Doing squats as a warm up because my knee will still aggravate. It will still bother me. But in my first set, I'm like, she isn't just doesn't feel good. And this is where a lot of people will stop them that tell them you tell your clients to push through it. And you can limit your range of motion because I know that a lot of you trainers out there love the A to G squats. But I can barely get my A to parallel. So let's consider what are other options that we can do. Because we can make it work. And sometimes a two-legged normal back squat, barbell back squat, hurts my knees. And sometimes it doesn't. And oftentimes when it's achy, a warm-up set doing the foam roller game changer. Sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes it just aches and still hurts. So what to do next? Consider what it would be like to not do bilateral. So let's do unilateral. Let's see if it feels okay to do a split squat or to do a lunge or to do a step up. Because sometimes some things hurt and other things that are just as effective when it comes to working the muscles, they feel fine. So there are considerations that we can look into. But this is all part of a warm-up and we'll get into specifics right after this. Because this episode of the NASM CPT podcast is brought to you by NASM1 and the membership for trainers and coaches. Members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the Edge app to schedule and program clients and enjoy half-off all certifications and specializations. Access to free CEUs and more all of this for just $35 a month. Come on, go to NASM.org slash membership to learn more about NASM1. All right. So let's talk about the foam rolling. That makes a world difference for me. It makes a world of difference for my knees. But then also, I'm talking about foam rolling. So I'm doing calves and quads usually. So quads, the front of the thighs, the side of the thighs. Sometimes down on the the medial part where I'm working my vastest medialis kind of rolling over it and it gets super tender, super sensitive. And so doing something like that, also adding in a potential warm-up where you're just building the lubrication and that joint. Now, so not just a squat warm-up, but it could be things like, yes, you could do treadmill. But having something that will move more like the range of motion of a squat, which would be like a bike. Right? So a bike brings that knee into greater flexion. It brings the hip up. So that might be a good warm-up. So just doing the warm-up like that, getting this anovial fluid in there, lubricating that joint and giving you a big assist for your clients. Because here's one thing that is a big problem, younger trainer, agent client. The problem is, because you don't know how I feel, I can't connect to you. You certainly can't connect to me because I've been young before, but you've never been older. So what's the problem? The problem is I'm concerned that you have a hard time putting yourself in somebody else's shoes in pathetic training. Can you put yourself there? And say, well, if I ever hurt my knee before, what did that feel like? It was able to lift and was at the same kind of pain. What are the considerations that you can make? Because you probably all roll your ankle. You probably all tweak the muscle in your neck and realize that your neck hurts kind of have the hard time doing pretty much anything else, same thing with the back. So where are the considerations that you're putting through? And I would venture to say that this should be a welcoming bell to a lot of fitness professionals who are out there that are working with older clients, which is great. But also older trainers because an older trainer is more likely to get an older client. And now because of my age, it's hard for me to say that I'm older, but when I work out in a class with a group of trainers and they are crushing it and I'm like, I can't even do that. My knee, I can't even do that. That's shoulder. I can't push it that way. That's hard for me. And so what does that do? That pushes me away from actually doing the trainer classes, the group classes that we do as trainers because these monsters are in there doing a great job. And I'm avoiding things because they hurt. It's like group classes are harder for me to do than work out on my own. That's probably why you're clients. It's easier for them to work out with a trainer one on one and not in a class because a trainer can pay attention. But are you? And not only are you paying attention, but are you also allowing the things that hurt me to hurt and not pushing me to do things that I can't do? So you've heard me say it before, I will continue to say it. Do what you can, not what you can't. And a lot of people out there, your clients included because you were there because you were younger. They want to show off through you and they will want to do things that they probably shouldn't be doing. My job as a trainer, as an empathetic trainer, knowing that they are trying to push themselves because they're working with a trainer, sometimes my job is to say, pump the brakes. You don't have to do that. We don't need to do that. I'm not trying to get that from you. What I'm trying to get from you is this. I love that you want to work hard. And there are times that you can work hard, but only in places that don't ache, that don't cause you pain. I don't take you to a place where you're going to be inflamed once you leave. I don't want you to have a flare up because you were working out with me. But I don't know how to control from that unless I start easy and build from there. But I also know that that nice warm-up leading into it is a game changer. Again, phone rolling for my knees makes a big difference. I'll do calves and quads. My add actors, the fastest media list, sometimes gets a little love that lateral media is not my lateral fastest is the one that can get a lot. So that's super tender for a lot of people. And I know some people who'd rather have joint pain than to do a foam roller because that pain can be so much. There are ways that we can minimize some of the aches and pains of foam rolling itself. One of my favorite things is I use a three-foot foam roller and I do both of my thighs at the same time when I'm anti-verior, when I'm facing down. But the other thing is if I got to go to my lateral thigh, then I'll put two foam rollers side by side. And so yeah, it hurts maybe because I'm on two places at once, but at least it spread out. So I'm not putting all of that pressure on one roller. I've got two rollers that I can roll across and it really takes the pressure off of that single spot. What what else? There are a lot of people that talk about backs. And there's a world of difference when we start looking at adding what I do with clients is a mobility series for their backs. Because I get people that come in and they're often very stiff. Sometimes especially after doing dead lifts or jujitsu, I get particularly stiff in my back. So I'm going to take you through a kind of typical spinal warmup that I do for my clients and again, as we're aging, taking the time to do the warmup. And if you've got clients that are like, look, I don't want to spend all my time here doing the warmup, then that's cool if you don't want to do 10, 15 minutes of prep, trust me if we're left with 45 minutes. Include it. Let's say a five minute cooldown. So 40 minutes of working out. Yo, I can get to you in 40 minutes. I don't need the full hour. What we need to do is take care of all the fitness components. And I can hit your muscles. I can tax your cardio. I can get training effects on all the above. But let's make sure that your spine is working for you, not against you. And so the first thing, this kind of a typical thing, I'll start with a client supine. So they'll be face up on a table or on a floor. And I'll have them go through a bridge series. Now the bridge series that I do, as I have them bring their feet relative to closer to your butt. If it's too close to their backside that may bother their knees. If it's too far away, it's more of a hamstring exercise than a glued exercise. So I'd like to get the glutes involved to support the back. Doesn't mean the hamstrings don't need some attention. But let's prioritize glutes and then use the hamstrings as a supplementary muscle. As an ancillary muscle for those hip extensions, the big part, right? They're synergist. But let's prioritize glutes. But here's the other thing. If I get a good bend in my knee, when people lift up into the bridge, they get an active stretch in their rectus femurus. You get that rectus for more. And knee is bent. The hip is extended. That's how you stretch your quad. So your bridge position is the quad stretch position. So lift up to that position, hold that position. I have them hold for about 30 seconds, really focusing on two things. I'm holding up three fingers. So let me go with three things, even though I really focus on two. The two things I focus on, see if you get a stretch on the front of the thighs and clench your glutes. And the other thing is just control that breathing and try to stabilize your core so you're engaging the core while you're in that position. Now, we go from the bridge hold. I time all of these right now. So 30 seconds to repeating bridges for 30 seconds. Making sure they're not rolling their spine, not that that's wrong, but that's not the goal. I want you to practice on hinging at the hip and driving the hips up because that's what a squat looks like. That's what a deadlift looks like. That's what Roman chair, back in hip extension, look like what I don't want is to practice rolling the spine. And then we go and do weights. And we're not rolling the spine. Like let's prep the way that our body is about to move. So we're not rolling the spine, lowering lifting. And then I have them put their feet together, pick one leg up and then go 10 repetitions, single leg bridge, switch it over, 10 repetitions, single leg bridge. And then I have them lower their butt down, pick their feet up off the table. So their hips are bent at 90, their knees are bent at 90. Their arms are straight up from the air pointed towards the ceiling and they do dead bugs. Really focusing. I don't do as much keeping a neutral spine. And I do include that. But a lot of times to engage their core more, I'll have them press their low back and down into the table to engage their core and protect them from going into an arch position. Now once they get better at that, then we can take them to a neutral position and see if they can stabilize their spine with a nice natural or neutral arch in it. So dead bugs, which is an opposite arm and leg of reach. And then I have them put their arms down. So keep their knees bent and their hips bent at 90 and 90. And then lower and tap their heels down to the table and lift back up. That's too hard. Alternate legs. If it's too easy, they can move their feet and tap their heels to the table or the mat a little farther away from their backside. But they have to keep their low back, press down hard, press down hard into the table. And then I go into a mobility series. I have them still lying on the table or on the floor and they do window wipers. Hips in these still bent at 90, 90. Their arms are completely out to the side and their legs go side to side. So it's spinal rotation, but you're moving from the lower extremity. Legs are going side to side, trying to keep your opposite shoulder down on the table. And then you get up, flip it over, you're on quadripet, cat cow. I know cat cow is something that I do in physical therapy. Cool. That's great mobility for your spine. And then I also do tail wiggles so that is shifting now instead of going up and as it's flexion and extension in the spine, we're doing frontal plane lateral flexion in the spine. So side to side, whacking your tail, basically. And then open books. Because it's where all ready in a quadripet position. So taking one hand behind the head and just trying to rotate the spine open as much as possible, doing that on each side. Have you lie down now? So you're in a prone position, cobra push ups, pelvis stays on the floor. You extend your spine and now you're going to the spinal extension as you do a push up, pelvis is down, chest is up, looking up towards the ceiling and back down. If you have people with spinal stenosis, don't do this one. If you have people, they do it and they go, I feel a little pinch. Just get out of it. Run. And then you can maybe advance it by going back into a supine position, doing iron crosses, so kicking your right leg towards your left hand with your arms up to the side. And scorpions would be a prone position where you in reverse kick your right hand, to your right foot towards your left hand and vice versa. I know if you're just listening to this, you have no idea what that means, but you can look these exercises up and you'll see what my spinal mobility routine is for people like this. And then I can have them do standing and those are optional because they're pretty complex. They're definitely more athletic population, but if I can get an older population or an aging population to start incorporating what even their range of motion, whatever little range of motion somebody may have, they can start working themselves into it. And then standing inch worms from inch worms, world's greatest stretch from world's greatest stretch, have them stand up, go to a cable machine, hold the cable in the right hand, step forward with the right leg, not the left leg, and let that cable pull you into trunk rotation. That is one of my favorite moves. You got to do it on both sides and that spine should be delicious. Ready to go, let's get some lifts in. Thank you all for listening and thanks to our producer, Eric Sorenson. If you would like to subscribe, share the podcast and leave a five star review. If you want to reach out to me, you can do so. Hit me up on Instagram at dr.richeritcher. Email me, rick.richeritannysm.org. You'll keep inspiring people to fitness. Thanks for listening. This has been the NASM CPT podcast.

=== FILE: Actionable Tips for Personal Trainers Tackling Client Procrastination [EXJJDl3qcKg].txt ===

Hi everyone, I am Wendy Bats, I'm with my co-host Ken Miller, and on our episode of Random Fit, we're gonna talk about procrastination, and how it's a common roadblock to fitness journeys. And on this episode, we're gonna explore different various types of procrastination types. We're gonna talk about everything from the perfectionist all the way to the thrill seeker, and we're gonna offer some actionable insights for you. Yeah, we're gonna talk about how to recognize specific behaviors and how as personal trainers, we can listen to their words and identify these types of procrastination. So, like follow subscribe down load, and let us know what you think after you've had a chance to listen to this episode of Random Fit. You're listening to Random Fit with host, Swendy Bats, and Ken Miller, winner of a gold mark on the award for Digital Media. Hi everyone, welcome to Random Fit. I am Wendy Bats, here with my friend, as always, Ken Miller, Ken, how are you? I'm good, Wendy. How you doing? I am doing very well, and this episode is one that I hold near, and dear to my heart, because I feel like I work and live at times with the procrastinators that fall within multiple categories, and that's one of the things that we are gonna talk about today because there are different definitions for multiple types of procrastinators, where I just thought procrastination definitely means you're lazy, but it was just like you just didn't wanna do it so you put it off, and there was no explanation besides I just don't wanna do it. Then I found out that I was kind of wrong. I feel like I'm looking at this information. Yeah, I think Wendy, when we were, when we were looking to stop, and I mean, the inspiration for this was the fact that when you look at procrastination, it's one of those things that I just, I beat myself up on every day for just putting something off. I mean, whether it's washing the dishes, laundry, or what projects that you and I are both working on Wendy, they back up producer, returning phone calls, writing a email, I just kidding. Yeah, okay, all right, rolling on the bus. And this way, we're gonna talk about internationally, listen to podcast. But, you're my favorite game. But it's different, so Wendy, I was about to say that, when it comes to procrastination, you brought up different things, right? Calls, text messages, sorry, and your East Coast, I'm West Coast, so there's that time for, I don't wanna text you when it gets to 11, 12 o'clock in the night. But the idea that there are different types and ways of people, prok, it's procrastination, it's just more than just putting things away. But once I realize, Wendy and you and I talked about this, there are different styles, different types, different reasons why people put things off. And then I thought about it again, we can't talk about topics here on random, fit without kind of looking at ourselves and how it affects us and our clientele and how we do business or how we communicate with our clientele. But nothing hit home more with how I reflect on, not just myself, but how I communicate with my clients, especially when Wendy, I'm sure you've got most people that have emailed you, texted you, and said, hey, I'm looking for a personal trainer. You know, I heard you were really good, let's go ahead and get started. And then you reply, sounds good, awesome, let's get started. And then you don't hear from them for like two or three weeks. Have you had that situation? Yes. Yeah. And then, you know, for me, I take a person and it's like, what did I do? What did I say? What did I have for them? Was there something I didn't wrong? Did I not respond fast enough? Did I respond too quickly? But maybe it's not me when they maybe it is you. Not me at you. It's not me at you. You're the one, you're the problem. But it's not a problem. It's just, they're stuff going on. And I think what we want it, well, I don't think, what we want to discuss and talk about this episode of Rammothet. We're talking about beyond later, overcoming client procrastination. And if you're a personal trainer, this is more to you and how you might want to be, you know, how you might want to think about your relationship and how you communicate with clients. And if you're an exerciseer, someone who's put off exercising, this is something you might want to listen to as well. Well, and I think it's really important. I mean, all kidding aside, I procrastinate as well as everybody. I mean, if we all have some things in our life or I'm just like, oh, I really don't want to do that. And then I find other things that I'm putting past a higher priority for me to conquer or what really needs to be done at the end of the day. And when we were going through some of these different variations of procrastination, one of the ones that I found interesting and I'll go ahead and bring them up because I can see a lot of me and all of these just so you know, I feel like I'm like a little bit of this one, a little bit of that one. But I found the perfectionist procrastinator very highly interesting because it's one of those if I can't do something and be really good at it. And I'm nervous about being the best at it. I just don't necessarily want to dive in and do it. And so that's basically the definition of what this particular one is is that you're nervous about starting this particular thing, like it was called a task because I'm fearful that I'm not going to be able to do it to the best of my ability maybe because I don't have the time to do it that way. So if I'm looking into research on certain topics, if I don't really schedule out the time and I put it off and put it off and I'm getting closer and closer to divine, then I just don't want to do it at all. And unfortunately, I have a lot of clients that fill this way. And Ken, I know that you probably get this very often or hear this and I hear trainers saying, how do you deal with this? Listen, I don't want to come in until I lose about five or ten pounds and I feel more comfortable in my own skin before I walk through the door. And it's like, well, no, I want you to come in as who you are today. So we can do this together. Let's start your journey together. But you're going to have clients that are going to find a lot of different excuses. And it's almost one of those things where they're focusing so much on the minor details that they're not looking at the whole big picture that you have to do something that's hard for you, like maybe losing weight or whatever your goal may be. You don't have to do that alone. And then they start leading to paralysis by analysis, right? They get in their head and they just can't let go. They have to be perfect. And unfortunately, it's one of those things. No one's perfect. And so you just have to think if you have a client that walks in and that's what you're hearing, how are you as a fitness professional? Or if you're a fitness enthusiast and you have these thoughts, how can you get out of your head just to get started? Yeah. And I see, and I'm thinking about a client in my head right now. And when you talk about exercise, they want to get in better. You know, the one that's like, I want to lose the five pound first before I see you or I want it. Yeah, it'll also come in the in the vervage of, yeah, I want to be in shape. I want to be better so I can do that. And I've heard that a dozen times in the last couple weeks. I, in the one client that I have in mind right now, he's, he's wanted to apologize us when he's not doing something perfect. Like when I make the most minor cue, tuck your chin in and put your chest up, let's kind of get you a little bit more upright through that. I'm for spine. It's like, oh, I'm so sorry. I'm sorry to that, you know, I'm trying. I go, I know you're trying. And it's the effort. The, all I want to see effort, you, you hired me because you want to be better. We're not going for a for perfection. We're just going for better. We're going for consistency over doing it perfectly because nobody does it perfect. So that's, that's a really big one. When the one that person that says I want to get in better shape on it, you know, I don't have the right clothes. I don't have the right shoes to do this. So they want, you know, they want that I deal perfect scenario. They can just get up, get dressed, go do everything perfectly. They have that, you know, and that's, that's, that's a really big. I see that one a lot. And like you Wendy, I saw myself in a lot of these and that's something that I'll, I'll do. Then now it's like, yeah, so what? I forgot my shirt. I'm going to go in a tank top, you know, I'm going to do something that I don't usually do. But it's the best situation I'm in right now. And let's just do it. Yeah, I mean, you know, that, that one's a big one. The one that I think, kind of hit home. And if you guys ever watch TV, you'll see these, these, um, shows like, you know, hoarders or, you know, people that let, let something happen to them or something happen to them emotionally or there's some psychological thing going on. And they don't want to let things go, right? And then it's like when you take a big step and you see that you're in an unsafe environment because you've got so much stuff around you. And I'm bringing that show up just because I was flipping through and I saw this show, this show that was on there. I was like, oh, it's like our podcast. But it's one of those things, Bree, when you, if you ever watch that show, I mean, it'll tug at your heartstrings. And one of the things that they say is, I know that this isn't right. And I know that there's too much stuff, but I'm just overwhelmed. So I don't know where to start. Well, this is what happens with this particular next one. It's called the Overwhelmed or the Adboyter procrastinator, meaning that there's something out there that they feel is too big. They just literally don't know where to start. And because of that, they feel like there's just so much to do. They feel paralyzed when you're like, okay, well, let me help you. Here are some options. And you give them more than like two or three different options. And their mind is just like, you've given them like a whole book. And it's like, wait, you've got to simplify things. And one of the biggest things after kind of reading through that one, and knowing that this is like something that can happen in personal life as well as in the gym, if you have someone that's really never walked into a big box gym before, and you go into something that has like over here's where you get your hair done, and your nails done, and this fall part is over here, and the pull part is over there, and basketball is over here, and here are all the weights. And here's the training desk. And here's that. It's a lot. And so when you're thinking about these type of individuals, they may be procrastinated, even getting a trainer, because they're overwhelmed walking in the doors. And so when you have someone like that that's coming in, you need to take a step back and think, okay, how would you deal? Kind of, you know, with these different scenarios, and this particular type of procrastinator, how do you deal with that situation? Because I know you and I both have had clients that were definitely, would be kind of, I don't want to say, title this this, but this is, yeah. This is, well, you know, I, you try and, you try and piecemeal it, right? So all their journeys are just seeing the big thing that needs to be done, right? So the goal is something like, I need to lose some weight, right? We're talking about losing fat, but then they've been on social media, and they're saying, oh, I can do this, I can do this and do this and do this. And now they're just, now, like, said, they're just overwhelmed, there's word, why start? I don't want to do the wrong thing. I don't want to spend $1,000 on a trainer for 10 sessions, and have that be the wrong decision. And they realize, well, now I got to go look for a personal trainer. Now they have to shop online, go through Google or Yelp and buying personal trainers in there. And that task in and of itself is huge. And something that I just had a conversation again, I have a lot of conversations. There, if you, I just talked to a guy. But the idea is, is just to kind of parcel out into small pieces. Like, so when somebody comes to me, one of the things that I ask is, so how, you know, are you looking for other personal trainers? Are you actively shopping? How many personal trainers have you looked for? Have you talked to already? And then I say, thank you for the opportunity. Thank you for getting on the call with me or coming into my facility and talking to me. That is a great first step, right? And I really appreciate that you've given me the consideration of enough to come in here. So great first step, acknowledge there what they've done and that they've actually done something. And then I like to break things down. And I'll say, the first thing we're going to do before I put one dumbbell in your hand is I want to see you move. And I want to just get some idea of the quality of movement that you have to determine, okay? Where might you need some mobility? Where might you need some strength? And we're just going to start from there. And that's it. What worry about putting on the muscle or work at work? We're working on taking off the fat. But this is where we're going to start. And I kind of just kind of shrink their field of vision for a second and have them just focus on, well, let's not work. Let's not look at, okay, well, I need to get in shape in three months because I'm going to be in this wedding party. Don't worry about that right now. Let's just focus on that first step. That first 10 minutes, that first 30 minutes, that first hour. And then we'll schedule our next session. And then from there, they feel more comfortable. That overwhelmed. It may be there's still overwhelmed, but at least it's not this big. It's this big, right? So from that vantage point, I like to kind of shrink things down, break it up into pieces. And so, okay, do this thing. This do this one little thing first. And then we'll do this one little thing next. And then we'll then we'll look it down the road when it comes time to looking down the road. But the overwhelmed thing, that's huge. And I personally have experienced quite a bit that myself for all the things that I want to do in my life professionally. Personally, and it's affected me negatively. And that's where I've had to get some help professionally and figure out, okay, well, what's my problem? What's my issue? And how do I overcome it? So fortunately, for me, I've been able to translate that into how I help people. But think about overwhelmed. And it's a real form of procrastination because you and I, and we, for what we do for the National Academy of Sports Medicine, some big stuff. A lot of people, a lot of eyes look at the work that you and I do. And that's overwhelming in and of itself. So to take that vantage point to our clients of viewpoint is something that means something personal need because I know what it's done for me. And I know how it's negatively affected me. So to put somebody in a better position than I was, when I didn't have those coping skills, that's, and that's, that's a perspective that I take with clients who is like, is just, this is just too much. Well, and, and I'm the same. I mean, it went to somebody's, to me, like, wow, it's just so big. I mean, now it's, it's totally different situation because I'm like, you can't work more in a smaller, little boutiquey kind of thing, where it's not so overwhelming. And I did that before that particular reason because I used to hear sometimes in big box gems, like, there's just so many machines and, you know, they would sit down with me. I'm like, well, that is the good thing that you have me. So let me worry about that. And let's make sure that we're focused on you. Like little things at a time. Don't worry about setting up their equipment. Don't worry about if it fits you right. I'm here to make sure that that happens. And I'll do it for you. And I'll teach you along the way. So we're going to go through this whole thing together. And, and that's one of the biggest ways to build rapport. And that's one of the reasons why, you know, I, I put a big check mark by this because I do see this when I want people are very overwhelmed. And they will find their excuse in the book of, okay, well, you know what, I don't know if I should get started right now. This was just a lot. And again, I don't let them get to that point personally. But it's taken a long time to hear trainers start to understand and accept that. The next one, I will say, I think this is the one at that that I know a lot of my friends and family members fall under. But it's called the crisis maker or the thrill seeker, if you will. We're honestly, they work better under pressure. And I know when I was in college, I had a bunch of my friends wore this particular person because if we ever had to do group things and I was in the group, I would want to pull my hair out. And I would end up pretty much doing the whole thing because they wanted to do this in the past minute. And I would need it an A on whatever project it was. So again, more the perfectionist person over here without it being the procrastinator. But they found it, they're like, it's a, it's a thriller for them. They like to wait until the last minute or they don't like it, but they just do because they do really well under pressure. They can study at the last minute. They can do these never even pick up a book and then, oh, I got a 15 minutes they flip through it and then they do well. Like the next to sell they are. They, they push things off. They reschedule things all the time. It's one of those things where when you look at a tight deadline and they have had multiple times and multiple days or weeks or whatever to achieve and complete something, but they wait until the last night before it's due the next morning, this is that particular type of person. Yeah. And it's funny. You immediately reverted to college on that one. Because that was me. So Wendy on behalf of those that didn't take steps in those group projects, thank you so much for all the work, entertainment. You're casting your, yeah, for past me. Thank you for your A, by the way. There's another master and a sucker that should really be thanking me for an A too. I'm just going to say thank you. Thank you Wendy. I mean, that doesn't happen all the time. But here's the thing, we're related to fitness, you know, the one thing that when it comes to this, you know, the thrill seeker, the crisis maker, that you can't do that in fitness. If you've got a 10 pound weight loss goal or a 10 pounds of fat or or you know, whatever your situation, that can't happen the night before there is no turn it in at 11 59 before the due date in time. But you know, it's it's a gradual, I mean fitness and strength and conditioning. It's a process. So if you've got three months to get ready to fit into that suit or that dress for that wedding, you need every bit of three months to get in shape. There is no, just do it, you know, I'll get on the treadmill for two hours the week before I got a squeeze into that to that whatever you got to wear. But, you know, the thing about it is is like, yeah, you know, what some people love that, but it's still, I think that isn't excuse to procrastinate itself. So from there, it kind of just like the over one thing. It's like, you got to start in little pieces, do something a little bit every day. So if to overcome that one, you just got to get started. Don't have to do everything all at once, but just get the wheel moving, just get things going. But, you know, I admit, you know, part of the time when I forget that's, yeah, I work better under pressure. But, you know, I motivated to work better under that pressure. But the quality of work doesn't necessarily get better the more pressure I have. So you said it. Yeah, I know. I know. So Wendy again, thank you for all the times that you've, you know, kind of pulled us through. All the things that we've done. But before we talk about the next one, all right, which is, this is pretty good when a lot of people wouldn't think that that's a form of procrastination. But before the next one, I want to, I want to make sure that everybody knows that this episode of Random Fit is brought to you by NASM1V membership. Four trainers and coaches. Members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the edge out to schedule and program clients. Enjoy half off all certifications and specializations. Access free CEUs and more. All this for just $35 a month. Go to NASM.org forward slash membership to learn more about NASM1. And now, since I have already done the lead in for the next form of procrastination. This one is a dreamer. The hedonistic procrastinator. Yes, this is one that's kind of out of all these so far. Maybe top three. For me, but I mean, they're all pretty close to the giveaway. But on this one, this is one that they have big dreams. They have big ideas. And then they just clutter things. So they, they, they, they, they, okay, I have a goal of doing this. Oh, but you know, how am I doing it? You know, add on this thing. Oh, you know what else we can do to make that happen? And they'll do this. But overall, it just kind of muttals the goal. It just muttals the task. It just muttals the things that have to be done to actually get that job done. So when the ad on this, this was kind of I didn't realize that it was a form of procrastination. I just thought it was just a way of being creative and ideating and, you know, coming up with maybe, I don't know if there's no real newer and innovative ways to get things done when they're coming up. So fitness, but I found ways to procrastinate just because I've come up with what I thought are pretty good ideas. So so your dreamer can is that what you're saying? I'm a dreamer. That's why you have to do all our projects in the, hey, Ken, it's doing an hour. Can you, are you going to be on behind the computer? Yeah. Well, I think, you know, I think, unfortunately, sometimes social media can cause some procrastination or people that maybe even weren't procrastinators in the beginning when they thought about fitness for teens or whatever or even their programming that maybe once they kind of saw what other people were doing and they really wanted to do some of this. They say, okay, well, I want to be able to run a marathon. Well, I really want to be able to do that type of hip workout. I should be able to do 20 pull-ups too. You know, and so there's certain things where it's all really good thing ideas to have, but it takes time to get there. Like you said, I mean, it's kind of what we were just talking about. It's like what's realistic and what can we do? So it's really good to dream big, right? Dream big right at down, worked towards those dreams, but people that feel like if it doesn't happen right then, then that sometimes those long term goals turn into, it's never going to happen. And, you know, that's one of those things where they mean well, you mean well, you're looking at the end results, but because you're not very consistent and making the proper steps to get there and you put it off and put it off and put it off, where, you know, just call a travel agent. Just have them do it. If you don't have the time, instead of procrastinating about it, call somebody that does have the time as specializes and, you know, if it's a vacation type thing. Because I am one of those people again, that wasn't a dreamer, but there was something that was very important that I should have done 10 years ago that I'm not doing until this year. And so it's one of those things where I'm like, if I don't do this now, I will never do it. Or I'll be dead before. You know, it like, I should have done that looking back, you know. So it's one of those things where I think we all have those tendencies, but when you put procrastination like after that, it's like a big wake-up call. Yeah. So just do it. Don't like, yeah, like you said when to keep those dreams dream big, write the right that to do is, but just be careful like for me, like when I write down things like, oh, great, I did. But then I find myself on writing in the margins, like I'm adding thoughts on to there. So I'm like adding more work or adding steps. And it's like just stop. Stay what's in the middle of the page. And I've got all kinds of separate nouns. Yeah, I know. Oh, when you look, I've got, I've got two, I've got, yeah, I've got me and my, my no pets. So my favorite is, it's like, oh, I wrote this down and I don't know which no pets and just go. There's that. You know how many, you know how many great ideas I lose for our podcast episodes? Um, yes, because you told me about it. But you know what, I think I think, unfortunately, too. We talk about that when it is important to kind of dream big, but when you think about it as a procrastination thing, that's definitely a negative. But another one that I really, um, I kind of found fascinating was the anxious and the warrior procrastinator. And I sometimes can find myself doing this. I see this a lot of times with younger individuals. But they ask questions like, what if I can't do this? And they're always worried that if they go and do, like, let's say, a personal trainer is going to go snowboarding and they've never snowboarded before, but they are going to take a lesson and they're really worried about it and they're super anxious. And the reason why they're anxious is because they don't land right, they're going to break their risk and if they break their risk or never going to be able to work, they're going to have to take months off, they're going to lose it. And it's like, wow, okay, they take stuff back. Let's start on the bunny slopes here. They're not going to, you know, where it will get some risk guards, like certain things like that. But you can see down that rabbit hole, um, where people sometimes will, then just say, you know what, I'm just not going to do it. I'll do it later. Let me, let me get better prepared for it. Let me make sure I have all the gear that you can save. And I'm using snowboarding as an example because this actually happened. Um, but, you know, so they're, they'll avoid it. They really want to do something, but they're putting it off because they're nervous about it or they're scared. And that's a, that's a, that's a big one for a lot of clientele that I work with because you've, you've gone to college, maybe you're active in college. Uh, you entered the workforce, had a family, you got busy, you got out of exercise. And now your doctor's telling you, you went to a physical doctor's telling you, hey, you know what, your cholesterol's kind of climbing up there, your heart rate, your blood pressure. We need to start doing something about that. And then now they start thinking about exercise. And now the idea of like, well, I got hurt and college. I don't want to get hurt again, but I know I need a way train. I need, I know I need to do some squats and wonders, but I've got to bad me. So, you know, now they're, they're afraid. So that, that idea of being anxious. I mean, it's legitimate, right? My clients, yeah, you don't want to get hurt. You don't want surgery again. You don't want to have to go through two months of physical therapy and just to get back to what you do on a daily basis where I can just do what I'm doing now and not be hurt. Right. So from, from that vantage point, yeah, there are some things that you need to consider when it comes to those things that you might be anxious about like yeah, you are putting stress into your body, but yeah, it's really legitimate that you're you're concerned about doing more harm than good into your body. But again, that's where you want to do your research, find a good personal trainer, might have the experience of the background. That can help you with your specific needs and then just go about it, you know, go about that way like you said when you have somebody do it. But here, it's, it is about, you know, addressing those needs. But when you're a personal trainer, working with somebody, just understand that, yeah, it's not an excuse. It's a legitimate concern. It's a legitimate thought and we do need to give it some weight when we do talk to them. So I think when it comes to the anxious, anxious procrastinator, yeah, but here's the thing, you know, with working within your scope or practice, you can't, and specifically to the idea of injury because I think the last three conversations I had for people looking for personal trainers, injury was a top two concern. Yeah. Well, and you know, there's just different ways we have to think about talking to our clients, ourselves, our friends, our families. Because again, we all have a little bit of procrastination of some sort and maybe all of the above at different, you know, different points in our life, depending on the topic or the situation. And that's one of the reasons why I can and I were super excited to talk about overcoming different types of procrastination because when you actually have it listed out that way, you're like, well, I do fall on this category when I'm dealing with my family or when I'm dealing with work or when I'm dealing with, you know, whatever the case may be. So communication connection is going to be like very, very crucial and I'm just going to kind of summarize this, can and then, and then obviously if there's any final takeaways, but, you know, if you do have someone that is the perfectionist, somebody that is really worried to get started because if they can't do it perfect, they don't want to do it at all. You want to focus on effort and consistency. It's not about being perfect. You know, just start, start small and break it down. If you've got someone that's overwhelmed, you know, keep the instructions very simple, very direct. Like, like Ken said, let's focus on the assessment first. Now let's just focus on our first session. Let's get you in good form and let's try this. It's just very small, easy communication without being overwhelmed. And this is what we're going to do today. We're going to do legs and shoulders and back and vices and tries to bring you some machines or going to do this. Like, don't do any of that. Just we're going to go here. This is how we're going to get started. And this is what I want you to do. And that's a show till do type of situation. I'm going to show you how to do it. Well, I'm telling you, then I'll have you do it and then we're going to work on this together. Very simple. Then you have someone, obviously, when we talked about the crisis maker, right? So just have pace, right? Be consistent during the workout and just make sure that when you're scheduling, it's very short, specific timeframes. Give them homework if needed. If you're thinking about the dreamer, so you got, you got Ken, he's got big dreams, big hopes. And then can't find his notebooks with his dreams in there. You want to just connect like exercises to their big, they like the vision. They want to see where is this one particular exercise? How is this going to help me? And you have to make it relatable to what they're looking for, big picture. So therefore, they do come back and keep the consistency and you want to help them feel that just what exercise can do, you just want to keep them coming back in. And then, of course, for your anxious procrastination, or procrastinator, just be real. I mean, that's the biggest thing. That's whatever around be real, or calming instructions. Related or not, I can be calming when they'd be. But you know, you just want to, you want to give them control over the situation and show them, like I would never do anything to hurt you. My goal is to help you along your journey. So let's just do this together. Again, it's just how you be able to, or you're able to communicate. And so, and they're just a few of the procrastinations that are out there. There are a lot of others, but we kind of chose some of the ones that we were like, hmm, do this one hit song. This one is a good one. So if you haven't had a chance to kind of go through and dive deep, especially if you're really into sports psychology and psychology and the way that people think and come together, this is a fantastic topic to really dive down and just keep getting into the details. Because we were like, okay, we're going to have a four hour podcast if we keep talking about this. Yeah, I mean, it definitely a lot. I mean, like, you and I both saw one. There's books on procrastination. There's our research articles on procrastination, but we took some of the top ideas and thoughts relative to this idea and realized for one, we had to show grace and forgive ourselves for what we've done, for, for, I mean, being personal, like, you know, I missed an opportunity to communicate with the client a certain way because I didn't realize that I just, I just thought that they weren't interested. Oh, they actually gave me some legitimate signs of what they were doing, which was procrastinating and so instead of me kind of asking the right questions and realizing that there's an appropriate response for some of these people who are generally looking to become better and I just said, well, okay, well, if you feel like, you know, there's a lot more that you need to do and I'm not the one guy that can help you do those things versus like, well, what do you really, what, what do you feel like you need to do? Right? For, you know, I can kind of over, on that person, it was just overwelf, right? But so what I thought about that conversation was like, I missed an opportunity to communicate with that person. And for those of you that that art personal trainers and just exercise and you kind of put something off, just kind of realize like, yeah, small incremental steps lead to big results over time. You just got to move the needle every day, get you pointed towards your goal and it'll, and a little, it'll happen. You just have to kind of recognize some of these things in yourself. So great points when the things for summarizing some of the thing, but communication is the key, both as a personal trainer to a client or to a potential client, but also you with yourself and your own personal goal when you recognize it, then I think you'll be able to take steps to improve things for you there. So when they thank you so much for sharing your insights on this, again, I thank you so much for accepting me and my program. Yeah, I'm just picking on you. I'm the same. I mean, I'm not, I'm not denying it. So, I will be the, yeah, I'm just giving it's easy y'all to be like, oh, can, hello, times at Ticin. Yeah, I meant to, I meant to do that, my bad. All right. So for those of you listening to both Wendy Batsin, I can Miller here on the random fit. Don't procrastinate, like, follow the subscribe. Do it now. Don't, don't wait up. Like, follow the subscribe down low. Give us a five out of five. Let us know what you want to talk about on future episodes. And we will get that on a future episode of random fit. So until next time, everybody, take care and be well.

=== FILE: An Interview with Strongman Odd Haugen [yqGcyyCVQvk].txt ===

Welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast, and our Facebook Live webcast. I want to thank you for joining us, and as more and more of you start to show up, I'm going to prepare you for an interesting conversation with a fascinating individual. This today, I was talking with some colleagues at NASM and Rich Fami said, you know who you should have on the show, is this gentleman named Ode, and I thought, oh, okay, all right. We'll tell me more about this gentleman. So he was telling me a little bit about his background in competitive strength sports and something called Moss Wrestling. I plan on talking to him about both those things. But as I reached out to other people, like Mike Fanta Grossi and some other folks at NASM, and I told them that we were going to have Ode hugging on the podcast, they were like, oh, that's going to be awesome. That's going to be great. I'm really excited. And so the more they were getting excited about it, the more I was getting excited. And all I did for a step of a day straight, I went online. I was YouTube and videos. I was watching videos of Ode, break world records, and almost break is back in the process of doing it. So I want to welcome everyone and have to Ode, please introduce yourself, tell us a little bit about yourself, and let's engage in some conversation. All right, I'm Ode Hogan, I'm older than hell. So I've been around for a long time. I've done strength training really for like 60 years, because I started when I was like 10 years old and make my own weights and then doing it ever since really short period of time where I was not as active as I was focused as it could have been, but that was just a very short period of my life. Most of my life I've been very much engaged in lifting weights and doing other strength sports. All right, I'm doing some mathematics right now, Ode, and you've been doing this for 60 years and you've started when you were 10. So I put you at about 70, is that correct? Yeah, I'm 70. Eric is. It sounds like a real number can be, but anyway, it is. It is like this almost morning, 15th of. All right, that's incredible. So let me ask you a question, are you still doing it? Are you still practicing and competing and lifting? Yeah, I have backed up a bit, obviously, but you know, sometimes you know, certain of these sports, when you do them, you only have so much enthusiasm or energy for you doing it. And I did like a kind of world's strongest man type competition for like 25 years and I'm not doing that anymore, but I still do what I'm calling arm lifting. I do some mass wrestling, but of course there's nobody to compete with. So I practice with the young guys and the gym and stuff like that and do a little bit of the mass wrestling. Some lifting, I'm still probably capable of at least at least hitting podium and maybe even winning World Championship in a couple of different events. So it will open in the open age. Oh, fantastic. In the professional year, it's good for you. And arm lifting is why? It's essentially lifting weights using a grip, you don't know, artificial aid, usually it's difficult to object, you know, like my one of my favorite is like axle deadlift, double over an axle, it's two and a half inch thick. So it's, you know, thick, twice as thick as of a regular bar and you deadlift it, double over hand. You have a lot of single arm lifts as well, deadlift, rotating handles, making different difficult and also thick, you know, I never went to three inches thick. Now, if, if you're doing this, are there standardized competitions with that with the the grips? Because I know that there was one where you did a record of, I believe, 63 lifts with something that was about an inch in Diane. No, it's called the Thomas inch dumbbell, but it's two and a half inches thick. Okay, okay, all right. But no, that's not a standard event because very few people can lift it, so it wouldn't be much competition. So you know, the great majority or even the arm lifters can't lift it one time. So that wouldn't be much of a competition, but no, it's standardized, like for example, the one arm lifts is a simulation of it, using a, obviously, the difficult in lifting something with a thick handle like that is basically the rotation and the weight, you know, you are not able to hold it because your hands will open up. And so there are the rolling thunder, it's called as a handle, rotating handle, same size as the in Thomas inch dumbbell and you use a loading pin and lifting it in other standards, the event and I plan to compete in that under the World Championship, which is now going to be held, I think, in November, there was supposed to be a beginning of May in St. Petersburg rush, everything had been pushed back. So last year, I won like four, three or four gold battles in different lifts in the open weight class. Or open the open weight class, open the age group. I competed in the 125 kilo class or 275 pound class. So other lifts are standard also, like, so the really thunder, the axle, the, the, we call it that Poland's axle, it's basically a two inch bar and that's a standardized lift and, let me see, you also use like a, what do you call a Saxon bar? It's a three inch by three inch by four inch plank over steel, did you grab in your fingertips? With your fingertips? Yeah, well, you grab in your hands, yeah, like a pinch group, yeah. A pinch group, okay, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that is challenging. It's hard for Matt, try to do that just with 45 pound plates and not trying to hook my, the tips of my fingers around it. Right. Challenge. Yeah. So, it's actually a bar where you loaded the plate, so it becomes like a regular deadlift, except for your lifting a plank over steel. Wow. So, all right. So now I, here's my question, like how do you train for that? What are things that you do? And it's not just your grip. I mean, you're lifting things up and down off of the ground, but, but I feel like the grip would be the first thing that would fail for the majority of people out there. How do you, how do you train that? Yeah, well, for the arm lifting, of course, the just the grip, the little failed first. I, I guess I wouldn't be like the traditional arm lift there because a lot of these guys that are really, really, especially, they're trained before the time at all, all they do is good training. I've pretty much done train all that different from when I competed in a strong man, all that and I backed off, I don't do a lot of events and stuff like that. But I, I just incorporate grip for thick bars and rolling handles in most of my events, my even my bodybuilding events, like if I're doing a pull down, I'm doing pull down with the grip if I do pull, you know, chin ups or pull ups, I'm using thick rolling handles to make it more difficult. And things like, just, just as an example, if you're doing a curl, I'm doing even a thick bar, I think. So, I train grip all the time in that sense, but I don't specialize just training on grip. I try to just just taste drum and stay fit. I, hopefully, successfully. I do, well, it sounds like you're still competing at the age of 70, so, you know, something's working for you. Yeah. Can I ask, what are some of the things that you do? I know there's physical preparation, but as somebody who is competed in other sports, it's not all about physical preparation, what are some of the mental preparations that you go through in order to steal and ready yourself for competition? Well, obviously, because I've competed in so many different different type of events when we were doing strong man at the world's strongest man level and competing in that, obviously, we had two kinds of competition, basically, one was when you're doing the grant for events, which were happening all over the world around the, and we sometimes had, like, six to eight events, and we're doing it in one day, or we have, like, five event, one day, and five next day, but all done in, like, maybe from anywhere, little less two and half hours to four hours. So, that's one special thing, obviously, you've got to be ready for that. But if you're doing so many events, and we don't really know what events are going to be till we get there in a more or less. So, that's one way. Obviously, you need to be thinking about how you're going to approach it. But on the other hand, the world's strongest man competition itself is more of a TV show. And when I was doing it, we were doing it, like, the preliminary events for, like, over one or two or three weeks. So, the whole thing took a long time. Now, they've cut it down to more, like, the entire content, including, the Korean-Liang-Sand finals, but four, five days. So, it's a lot shorter, but when I, you know, we did one or two events a day, and then, and all of us around camera shooting, and stuff like that, all of that stuff has gotten a little more efficient now. So, I'm, and those competitions are very difficult to prepare for in a sense, because you do an event a day, and then you start over, or maybe you do two, but either each one are very separate from each other, and each one you're really going to prepare for, and mentally. So, the mental preparation for those are very, very important. And you find that very few people work, what would walk into those competition, make, make the final, and then do well, and the final, as well as everybody that just made it to the final, that's all they did. But people with more experience, they'd more, more experience, whether once they're able to do it, because you're able to, you're going to be able to control your energy system over so many days of competition, because even though you only do one event versus two, because not that difficult to do three, four events, it's more difficult to do one event, and then you have to start over again, new, like two different competitions. So, great, very different. So, if they sort of like kind of a tournament scale, which I've done before, and in kickboxing, they're terrible. I wouldn't do very different things. And I don't fight again for weeks or months or hours, or days, something like that's very difficult to right. Yeah, so between hours and days, which I've been through, what are some of the things that you would do kind of, so now this is a mental preparation, but now also you might have done something where you've gone to absolute fatigue. You've pushed yourself mentally, you've pushed yourself physically, you're exhausted, and now you got another event coming up. What are their physical preparations you do as well? I mean, do you foam roll, or do you stretch, or do you, what do you do? Yeah, foam rolling and preparing like that stretching. If you have days, you obviously do more things, but usually you don't really work out, but you're just stretching yourself, it's still very important, foam rolling, even more important. And just keeping your energy system and also don't burn yourself energy device. If you're nervous, you burn a ton of energy with your nervous about something, so obviously you're going to shut yourself down and calm down and get ready when you need to be ready. Right, yeah. And then just in general, well, I know you also have a history of working with supplement companies, and I think dot fit is one of those companies that you've put a few reps in. Don't you use supplements as a means of recovery in addition to things like the foam rolling and stuff like that? Yeah, I absolutely very, it's been a very important part of my, my whole training. I've, all this use, a lot of supplementation dot fit obviously since that we found a dot fit in 2008 prior to that, I use a pick products. That's right. Prior to that we, another product that I've worked with Neil of course, I found a dot fit together with, with not with Neil and in apex, I was also working with Neil. So, yes, I, I'm a big believer in having the right supplements because you're, your food is never going to be enough in terms of getting all the micronutrients. So yes, and I, for me, I've always been a drug free lifter and competitor, and I think even so it's even more important, I think, for to be sure that you have all the proper nutrition. Yeah, and that's tough. In a place where you push yourself so much physically, and then you've got other people who may be, you know, using supplementation that is not legal or, you know, they, these anabolic components to it that, that some steroids may apply. So using things like the supplements that can fall under, you know, natural and, and legal, do you, do you feel like, um, obviously diet is going to be difficult to get the micronutrients and might be difficult to get all the minerals, but especially for maybe somebody you're, your size, um, you're a big strong guy. I'm, I'm a, I'm a little strong guy relatively. So, uh, and, and so I might be able to get a higher percentage of those nutrients from my diet, uh, and it might be a bit more challenging for you to get the, those, those might, micro nutrients, but then let's also talk about, um, supplementing things like macronutrients, like, um, protein isolate and just trying to get increased protein intake. Do you do that as well? I, in the past, yes. Okay. Uh, last 20 years, not so much. Uh, I mean, oh, yes, uh, I mean, a blend that, uh, used, uh, was called, uh, amino boost that I've been doing before and after training, yes, but, uh, protein powder, once in a while, on, on, on, on live and I feel like, oh, I need it. The problem is that it, this is, because it's not the problem, but the food is, a lot of, uh, protein and a lot of good protein and good food. So, it's not necessarily to do a lot more. But for most people, if the younger people that try to gain weight and doing that, but over the last, you know, like 20 years, I'm sort of trying to gain weight. So, I, right, basically, not done much of it. I'm trying to eat more, uh, other red leaf food, but I've been before then, particularly in my, like, in my 20s, I mean, I, I wouldn't be able to survive and as I took, uh, protein powder because I, I could, I could need enough. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not, I can eat a little and now I can eat a little and now I can't eat a little and now I can't. I'm, I'm kind of asked about injuries, had it had injuries that have sidelines you for, for any prolonged period of time. Never sidelines me for a long period of time, but I, uh, uh, during, uh, I think the most serious thing, if we're probably doing my strong mentor, I, uh, I'd, uh, I'd, uh, I'd, uh, I'd, uh, rupture, uh, and it, uh, you know, I knocked a bicep off one by left arm and I had to reattach it. Yeah. I was fighting there. Yeah. 12 weeks, 12 weeks, I was able to, I rehab really, really fast. I used, uh, absolutely nothing that the doctor told me to do and it exactly opposite and, uh, now I, I, uh, I started, I started lifting, you know, within two, three days, I started lifting, uh, of having it, uh, being careful with the arm, didn't do anything with the arm, but very within a week. I thought moving my arm, uh, getting it out of the, uh, just slay, you know, the sling or that, uh, removal cast, uh, as fast as I could, I started moving it and moving it and, and uh, uh, Dr. Tomio, and six weeks, I should be starting a physical therapy and of course, I was doing it right from the day, day three or four, uh, and, uh, five weeks out, basically, uh, I went to the, to the, to the, certainly, I said, you know, you got it like me, go to the physical therapist, uh, I mean, five weeks, he says, okay, let's go early, I went to the physical therapist, the physical therapist evaluated me, said you're 99% everything, I just nothing I could do, other than charge your money for coming here, but whatever you're doing, continue doing it. So, so I did it and I, I have the 12 weeks total from surgery to, to the day, the 12 weeks, I was able to put like six or the Atlas stones onto the platforms in a reasonable, last time. And that's kind of very hard, but that, that's very tough on the bodies, a lot of people tear their bodies up, doing that because you, you're squeezing your arms and holding onto it. So that was a good test. Yeah, well, I was getting to the, I was doing some incremental training going to the watch that, but I was able to put all six stones that you had set up in the, in the training home. Now, there's something interesting about the, the bicep, did it come off that it's an insertion, so at a forearm, yeah, right, yeah. Yeah. So what happens there for, for people, aren't familiar, we've got this, you know, this distal attachment of the bicep that goes into the radius and when it detaches, it's almost like a Venetian blind, right? You pull on it and so the whole bicep moves up towards the shoulder. It leaves a giant gap on the humerus, like right around the elbow and it's got to be scary. Did it make a, did it make a fun sound when it happened? Yeah, I felt it right away when it happened, because it wasn't, I didn't pull it off. I knocked it off. I was, I was in my last set of tire tire flipping, you know, it was flipping and I hit the tire with my arm and I didn't even got enough to ground when it happened. It's the pop, you know, something happened there. So, I think it was, you know, if it was, you know, one of those things, almost all of us, these kind of injuries don't happen right then or there, you have, it's just getting ready to happen over some period of time. I had competed, as a matter of a competed week before. So, this was sort of like my first event training after had a grand Prix in Moscow, it was a big stadium and there we had a car, a deadlift hold, but with straps. Okay, and so it was really, really heavy. I was heavy to lift it and both my straps broke. I remember the time 86 seconds I held a, held a car and then my, my bullstrap's broken both hands, which this, you know, suppose we were breaking it all, but the bullstrop and I think that shock may have done something to, you know, obviously, that's stretching on my biceps. It didn't feel anything that it was anything wrong, but, you know, you don't know, feel it. No, no, you, you don't, but to, to hear it, I know that I've, I've talked with people who've had something like that occur and I've had people talk about this audible sound and, and of course you feel almost like something to them shook you, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and it's full opposite. It was like a big, it got, got pretty much wool in the right away. And it's the wrong way to get big biceps there. Yeah, that's the wrong go, that's the shirt. What are some of the lifts that you've done? Like, what are some of your heavier lifts, some of your records, just an uncurious, I'm sure other people are curious about what, what some of your, your, your big competitions and your big successes with lifts are. Well, I mean, most of my competitions are strong, and, you know, you don't measure the lifts. Now they're doing, you're doing deadlift as one of the events very often. We didn't, I don't know if I remember ever, never did regular deadlift like it, with straps and stuff of that in, in a, in a competition with that card edless video, because I, I've never, never, never did the deadlift. So, so there's no like, measurable, but I mean, I walked with like 900 pounds frames, you know, you pick him up in their hands and walk with a frame that's weighed 900 pounds, walked with 200 kilo farmers walking each hand. That's 14,000. 14,000. Do you know, in each hand? Yeah, the 40 pounds in each hand. And I have, you know, things like that, you know, record wise, or like one of my, I think, my first feeling, what the best thing I ever did was that was at the Arnold first aid, I got challenged to lift his dumbbell that had never been lifted before. And it was, it had like, I think it has almost a, I think it has almost a three-inch thick grip so it's really thick and it was a weight, a weight, but 92 kilo or 102 or 102 pounds, something like that, which is like 92 kilos. And they were using it in this Roman competition as a overhead lift. But they used two hands, they lifted up their shoulder. So, they had a challenge where they had found people, you know, Arnold says it's a ton of people there and pressure. They had, it's elected like five or six people that have been tested on other events that was supposed to come and try it out and nobody could get it. They'd get a daylight on that thing after state. I had an identical dumbbell, but it was like 10 kilo lighter. That I could lift once in a while. I did. I would be able to do it all the time, but I'd lift once in a while. It was one of those things that's very, very hard to lift on the consistent basis. But the MCHs, can I? Can I? Yeah, I was at Raphri in the Strowman competition, so he just asked me, so I was even a warmed up a prepared, but can I challenge you just for fun? I just challenge you to go and lift it after these guys after you can nobody could do it, right? So, I'm sure he's let's do it. So, I kind of warmed up just on the stages, moving around my fingers. Then I go to grab the dumbbell and I only always lifted it and I do a single dumbbell lifted between my outlet. I start in front of me and lift it like that. You had to lift it, have it on the side, like if you were, if you had two, it would be fine, but you had to lift sideways like that. I said, okay, I guess if that's what I have to do, I think it, I should at least be able to get a daylight on it. That's what I figured. It was a 10 kilo or 22 pounds more than what I lifted before. If you have been ever been to Arnold and the main stage, it's thousands of people and they are there because they love strength, sport and bodybuilding and it's the strong man, everything like that. I went, you start them up and I came out and I had adrenaline, like I never had before and I grabbed it and it came right up. Just give us coming off the ground. People stood up and they lifted it like that. They said, they did it for me. I swear, I probably could never lift it again. I could never do it again. Every done it again, but it came up and when right up and that's probably, and since then, only like three people have ever been able to lift it. There are some massive people like that. It's like a sort of stone, right? Yeah, you're the king guard there right now in my friends. Yeah, personally, that's my greatest needle spring lifting that thing. I was pretty incredible. I was pretty incredible. Can you tell us, what can you explain mass wrestling? Mass wrestling is essentially a very ancient sport and very natural obviously just like arm wrestling. It's something that you challenge each other. So basically it's a sport where you sit down on the ground and you put your feet up against the board and you one on each side of the board and you have a stick that you grab to pull up. The Vikings did it with sticks. They did also with rope rings and they did it against boards like that that we were doing with the modern mass and they did it foot to foot. The Eskimos does it with the stick but it does it foot to foot. But the modern sport of mass wrestling which is comes from Saha, a republican Saha in Russia, in North Eastern Siberia. It's a very, very huge land mass. Kut's indigenous people there have had a certain national sports rever and they brought it onto the international scene as mass wrestling. Mass actually means sticking in Yakuji and language, not in Russian, but in Yakuji and wrestling obviously is English. So they actually made a national sport with mass, the stick wrestling but using mass, the Yakuji and language, the traditional language and English. So even in Russian, which wrestling, the virtual wrestling in Russian is something totally different but they call it mass wrestling as well. I mean they call it mass wrestling written in the separately. Interesting. Very dynamic sport. It's a very, you had to have strength in every part of your body to be very dynamic. Speed, strength, intestinal fortitude and agility is what it takes. But if you have to be guys going as a means basically going to be very strongest. Okay, so that was my question. My question is if you're really good at the deadlift, are you likely to be really good at mass wrestling? You're likely but not necessarily. I beat people that are good that lift 200 pounds more than me. Okay, so there's still wrestling technique that goes in. Yeah, wrestling technique and also obviously it's a different position than deadlift. That lifts us obviously a great exercise to use as a training tool for mass wrestling. But you remember you start the movement right at your toes. Your hands are at your toes, not nine inches above floor. That's true. You're, you're, you be like putting your, you make a fist and put your fist on the floor. That's where you would be lifting pulling from. So it's a total different pull in that sense. And you don't, and it's very posterior chain dependent obviously using, using a hamstring. It's really you're pulling from your heels all the way to the neck and all along this point. So you, and you don't pull with a flat flat back like you would be in the, like you would ideally do when you're lifting something from the floor. You're pulling active around it back and you're pulling a long-despite instead of against the spine. Like you, you know, in a deadlift, you're basically using a spine as a, as a lever. In this you're using hamstring and muscles to your stretch start when you're doing it. So you're bent over. It looks like oh my god, this guy's going to hurt her back. You don't. Exactly. It feels really good on your back because you're actually opening up your spine rather than, than crunching it. Yeah. And obviously you had to come through. I mean, sometimes you had to pull through obviously just like in a lift. Do you think that that rounding happens because of, it takes a lot more flexibility. You already mentioned to get that extra nine inches or so deeper into it. You've got to be able to reach the stick, right? Yeah. Yeah. And if you, if you do it without rounding your back, obviously you had to bend your legs, but now you're shortening your leverage. And it's a leverage sport. The further you're bucked in your central gravity is away from that board, the stronger you're going to be. I mean, the heavier you're going to be, so it's more difficult for the other person to pull you over. Yeah. And so therefore it's, you know, totally different. You're at a very, very edge of your seats, or to speak. Yeah. So you're never want to bend your legs way too much. But you're always kind of in an athletic position. So you're, you, you move across the board, but you're moving with slightly bent knees, but you don't, you never squat all the way down, and you never lock them obviously either. But you, so you're sort of like linebacker or, or a defensive back in, in the football, the other than the fact that you've bent over you, you're moving the same way, but you're legs. Or, or the big guys, like offensive linemen, really good. I don't know if they're good, offensive linemen has good foot technique and they're really quick for the feet, perfect for muscle, honestly. Great testing event for football player for wrestlers. For wrestlers, probably where it fits in best is the fact that it's an absolute strength sport, more so than like the wrestling is obviously a, endurance strength, I mean, you're, I mean, the strength and conditioning, you had to, you had to have a lot of strength, but you had to hold it for a long time. And this thing is much more explosively. So it's a good training to get wrestlers that maybe don't want to lift weights, because they're, I don't like lifting weights. Oh, and I like fighting. I like, yeah, yeah, so this would not be boring for them, but at the same time they will gain a lot of explosive strength that they would, they really need for for for for wrestling as well. Although them primary, they need to be able to continue wrestling for like five minutes or whatever time it takes for for a muscle much. Yeah, and, and, and, oh, I'm going to, I'm going to say this that I know I've been in this camp for a long time where we talk about what's good for them and what's bad for them and what's good for your body and what's bad for your body. And here's something that I know. I know that I can't speak anything bad about any sport. If I grew up doing a sport that punched and kicked each other, that that's not good for you or the pedically, that's not healthy. There are many sports out there that we could all look at and we can put judgment on and say, well, they don't, they don't do it the way you're supposed to. What's your back supposed to be like? But when you look at a sport, you have to look at winning and what is going to provide you the better chance of winning. And so it's not always what looks the best to have been outside or it's the best practice order to become more successful. And then what we have to do as professionals is find ways to help support them in that so we can have as we mentioned before, longevity in that sport, minimize injury and increase performance. So with that said, are there best practices for training that help people, you know, at longevity, increase their performance for this particular sport and minimize potential injury? Well, I think you do this for yourself would be a but almost all kinds of general weight training would be good. I mean, they are the top athletes that I see, I just supermly athletic, that's them, they're main thing. But they're body form, in some cases, I mean, people that you wouldn't think would be really good at it, are good at it. So it's a, you know, it depends what you like to do too, you know. But a lot of studies have been done, there's a lot of books on it, but all in Russian, of course. And some matter of fact, if there's somebody out there listening to this that are interested, academically interested, and then we're trying, I think we'll have some scholarships or something for at least two people from North America to be able to participate in some kind of a master's to be program in this thing, if to have a bachelor's degree, there would be part would be you know, distance still learning, but obviously because you're going to have to play a bunch of people to Russia for for months and a time. But we'd probably including like a trip or two to be in person in in, in Yakutia, they are the university there, like a big university, sports university, maybe 30,000 students, and and of course, most of us think it's being studied there, as well as in many other universities in Russia. So there's a lot of books written on it, you know, this is physics, it becomes like a really, really physics at an advanced degree, because it's just a tiny little change in your position makes you much stronger, right? It's dynamic, so it's different from like just lifting because it's you know, you know, not only depending on your own body, but you know, what is the other guy doing, you know, on the other side, plus his way classes, so everybody from, I was going to participate. Yeah, there's I think we had to be at 12, so it's 15 very classes now. So people like me could potentially do it? Oh, yeah, any size, anybody that's a martial arts would love it, because it's very similar in a sense because you have to be aware of your own body and on the other person, then taking advantage of mistakes to other guys that do. But anyway, the men's way classes go from 60 kilo all the way up to 125 kilo plus and there's I think, there's 10 men's way classes and five women's way classes go from 55 kilo to 85 plus. Man, I'd love to see this as an Olympic sport and looks like a pretty incredible. Yeah, that's what we're working again, working towards it's being, you know, it's so all major events are very formal and very bureaucratic, like, yeah, it's an Olympic sport, so it's kind of interesting to be go there. Well, the first time we went there, went to your career for the World Championship there, you know, we had like 250 athletes from, you know, 40, 50 countries and the audience, you know, this was going over like morning session evening session, morning for two days, I guess the competition's going on and it was like a full full stadium the whole time. Even during the day in the preliminary, there was nearly full and at night it was just like you were, we felt like we were in the UFC fight, you know, there was an amazing, it was just amazing. But that's the great part, we've been there, we've been there, a bunch of central or central Asian countries and to European countries and it's been done in all the continents now, so the opportunities is everywhere and you get to meet a lot of great people from a lot of different backgrounds. Yeah, I love that. I love it. Hey, man, I'm going to pass this over to Greg and I'm just going to see if we have, we have anybody listening that has been following has any specific questions about it because I know the the chat's got some some chatter, but are there any specific questions for Ode in the chat? Yeah, the chat wants to know what has been your favorite memory throughout the entire career in doing this? Is there one moment that that really stands out to you? How do you have it, Chair? We're winning the winning America Strongest Man in 1999. Because I did it, but I wasn't kind of an interesting thing. I got to kick in my neck. I woke up in the morning in the day of the competition and I can't kick in my neck and I had his pain down in my rhomboids, just like it really sharp pain down there and I couldn't move my neck. And I was the great guy there to keep massaging me, helped me, and I went like this for the entire competition two days, five events each day. I was a wonder whole thing. And when I was finished, I couldn't put my arm down. I woke around. I had to go to the good suburb pain was so bad. But I made this to the whole thing and I wanted and I couldn't have been proud. I was 49 at a guy's house company and I was mostly in the 20s and some in the 30s and stuff. Yeah, I think that probably my greatest moment in that sense. Anything else over there, Greg? Any advice for people interested in getting into the strong man competitions and the strength that you have? Well, I'm in the strong man competition. Very easy. So many competitions around the country, strong man corporation, holding competitions, probably several every weekend, somewhere. There's also others like this, something called United Strongman that has some sexism, countries also. And are lifting if you're interested in group competitions or something that's a little easier on your body. But still like fun and is there a, you know, the group competition, we have arm lifting USA and is a arm lifting USA.com. You can get and find that strong man corporation. I think is just strong man corporation.com. You find all the events from them. Obviously everything has been put in a hold for right now. And not too many things going. Same with mass wrestling. If you're interested in mass wrestling, you can either follow us on Facebook or on the massfressingUSA.com. We have a few things coming up. I'm in there ways of trying it out. We're going to pretty sure we have been invited to do it. And I think we're going to come to terms with the Olympia committee and have it at the Olympia in in Las Vegas. And we'll have all kinds of different responses than the division to try that out. Both arm lifting and mass wrestling. Arm lifting. We have a lot of competitions on the country. And obviously, like I said here, everything can be put on hold. So they will probably be popping up again as they're asking Jim's open up and the market will open up here. If somebody wanted to follow you or reach out to you, what are some of your social media handles or contact information where they can find it. Take on Instagram, it's at Old Hogan, ODDHA, UGN and on Facebook, Old Hogan. And the training hall as well. The training hall by Old Hogan is a good place for people to put a lot of stuff in there. Yeah, also just Google. Use Google and look at some of your family. Yeah, yeah. I'm lucky to have a very good year. And it's incredible. I'm lucky to have a unique name. So I don't know much competition for publicity. So yeah, Google is probably the best place to find me. Yeah. But if somebody's interested in training, I do some online programming stuff for people for their doing strengths, but I can reach out before that or just comment, train with us at the training hall here in the Newbury Park. We have people from all of the world coming in and training and I have, you know, our most famous member or team member now is of course, Martns, Lczz that won the World Strongest Man Competition this in 2019. And it's going to start preparing for the next few years since most put back off till the November of this year. So he's going to start training there. He has been training with me for like this fall. It'll be nine years since he started first game one. He was like 20 years old and skinny 220 pounds. Very athletic and very strong. He's bigger than that now. Yeah. Kind of growing all the man on him. We're right. Oh, thank you so much for taking time out of your day and sharing this kind of different world of experience than I've come across and have actually participated in. It's fun to hear about and it's awesome to be connected with somebody who has put so much into the sports and push your body as hard as you have. Thank you for having me. Awesome. All right, everyone. This has been the NASM, CPT podcast and our Facebook Live webcast. We do these twice a week. And today was a change in time. Thank you. Oh, for being able to change times with us today. Usually they're going to be at 12 noon is what to plan for Eastern time. And we hope to see you on Friday. Thanks.

=== FILE: Anatomy Overview of the Latissimus Dorsi [VejtQnLvCxM].txt ===

Hey y'all, this is Rick and Annie with NASM. We talk about the lats. So the latsismist dorsai, latsismist means widest dorsai means back. So it's a really wide muscle on your back. All right, so we're going to show it on Annie, join actions and planes and motion. It's kind of like going to underneath the arm. So it runs through the arm. It's a lot of people think the lats go around this way and they don't. So they go underneath the armpit. They go all the way down. I like you can even see the wrinkle in her shirt, right? Which goes along with the lats. So it's going to connect into the Theraco Lumbar Fashia. So it's this little diamond shape, kind of a fashile sheath right here. And that connects to a lot of things. It connects to the sacrum. It connects to the ilium, connects to the lumbar spine. So the lats have an effect on all of those areas and all the joints in between them. Let's go sagittal plane first. So watch me take up into flexion. See how we stretch that muscle out in flexion? So when we pull her into sagittal plane shoulder extension, you can see how this muscle will shorten, right? So we see that this muscle does concentrically. It does extension, but it decelerates flexion at the shoulder. Alright, so let's switch planes of motion. Let's go on the frontal plane. So frontal plane, she's going to go out this direction. So you can see how she's going into abduction. That's going to stretch out the muscle. And then ADduction is going to shorten the lats. So it does concentrically addduction, ADduction. Now let's look at another transversal. Let's look at transversal plane now. It doesn't really do this very well. So you see that horizontal abduction? This really do that. Well, that's more of a posterior deltexur size. But let me have you bend your elbow 90 degrees. And you can see how she does internal rotation, external rotation, and internal rotation. The internal rotations, it's a pretty significant internal rotator of the shoulder. So we've got the muscle as the here. The lats is in his door side. It's doing sagittal plane, shoulder extension. It does frontal plane, ADduction, and transversal plane. It does internal rotation. Alright, Rick and Annie with NASM. And those were the lats.

=== FILE: At Home Workout Dilemma Starts [f4cJfOkBZS4].txt ===

Hi, I'm Ken Miller with the National Academy Sports Medicine and I'm here with Carolina Ray of C. Reperformance and we are here at the training station in Alameda, California. This video is going to go over what we call dilemma starts. So for one, if you're doing field work with your clients and you're doing maybe some sprints and change directions and speed agility and quickness. Instead of having to start from the regular, you have your start lying in that sprint, you can incorporate what we call dilemma start. So if you have a client that's a, they play with Ross, soccer, football, something to wear, they're all new and filled in the, in the, in the heat of competitions, somebody gets knocked down or falls down and it's going to come up and just run into the play. We can actually train in condition that, to start from that less than ideal start position. So I'm going to give you some quick hit or drills or positions that you can incorporate just a spice things up with theirs, whether they're doing 20 or it's friends or if they're doing some speed agility because you can have them come up from different positions. So with this first dilemma start, I'm going to have Carolina start off and she's going to go into a, what we call a lateral start. So if she's in a position, so if she has to turn right away, I'm going to have her go in this case, we would go left and of course later on in the session that go. Have her go right. So with this dilemma, the dilemma starts, we're going to go into a lateral turn which is going to turn with her inside leg. So here, we're just going to have Carolina go and she's going to open up with that leg and go. You can see there, just based on how she had to open up and turn where we have to have good mobility and good range emotions through the hip, especially when it comes into that hip abduction. All right. Now this next one is she's going to go lateral, even if she's going to leave with her trail leg and whatever you're ready, Carolina. Good job, nice job. So that's something we've been working on. And with that she came across cross-drab body, open step and then she sprinted into desired direction. So that's the thing, in the field of competition, if mine, opponent, if I'm playing defense, I have to be able to react as fast as possible to what the offensive player is doing. Now this next drill is what we call a, still a dilemma start but she's going to do a one-eight in turn. So she's going to do a complete turn around and she's going to have such a secure, she's going to go ahead and turn and you're going to turn here. She's going to go over right shoulders and we get out of the way. So on you, when you're ready, you're going to have to turn. Good. So with that, again, if you get turned around and if you're opponent's buzzing right by you and you've got to turn about face, you have to do that as fast as possible. So here you go, I'm going to do my steps and one thing that you've got to do here is have a big deep drive, big shoulders when you get that strength, get that push into the ground as you go into that direction of the opposing player. Right? Now the last one we're going to do is what we call a problem start. So here she's going to get a problem. I can have her, she could be the side position, she could be on her back. I give her the go and then she goes. So from here I'm going to have her hands up off the ground and from there I'll say go. There we go, nice job. Alright so from there I just put her in a different position, hands up. She is completely prone all her weight on her front side and then on my go she now has to engage the ground, push off strong and then go into that direction. Now some years ago when I think these do a used to work with a security grating, we used to be fully loaded, big, Kevlar mess. I mean they had a good 40 pounds on a bat and the least and they were arm. So one of the things that we had to do was get that to start from that prone position fully loaded for their yearly test. For the qualification. So if you're an athlete that's one thing if we are police officers, security, frontline guys who you know firefighters, you have to be in different positions, fully loaded and this is one way to prepare them for the job that they've got to do. So it's not just an athletic endeavor. It's also for those that have to be in different positions. Bad positions if you will. And getting into a pair to do that puts them in the safest place possible when it comes to what they have to do when they have to do it. So try this out. It's fun. You get your heart ring going. You get a couple of sprints going so we had to do a short track but if you're doing 20 yards, 25 yards of sprints this is one greatest by-sings up. So give it a whirl. Let us know how you like it. Thanks for watching and be safe.

=== FILE: At-Home Workout For An Advanced Runner [LuwaLKhsjGE].txt ===

All right, I can't go with the National Academy Sports Medicine and I'm here with Karen when you're ready. I'll see you right performance and we are here at the training station in Alameda, California. This video that we're going to show you here today is a movement trap for more of that advanced condition runner. So when I say advanced runner, it's not just somebody who's been running for a long time, but somebody that has been doing a strength conditioning plan for the purposes of improving the running in cans. So if we are a National Academy Sports Medicine certified personal trainer or performance enhancement specialist, or we are talking about a movement preparation for more of a phase by our level workout program. So what we're going to do here is to start off with a little bit of a self-mile factual technique and the focus here is going to be more on the ad doctors. So using the hyperrice fiber, Karen Lee is going to go ahead and put that along her inner thigh. So as she is laying from basically plank position, she is going to move her body left to her right. And she's going to look for it at tenors phone. And I think she's going to be a little bit more on the right side. So she's going to find a spot that's about a six or seven. So as she holds onto that spot over time about 30 seconds, there should be about a 50 to 60 percent decrease intention and that's just telling you that the muscle has relaxed. So as she does this on the right side and the left side, then you can get into our dynamic program. So that let's just say it's 30 seconds. We'll put that aside and what Karen Lee is going to do here for dynamic program. She's going to incorporate a lightweight here. She's going to use a micro pro and she's going to do a side lunge alternating side lunge with an upper cut. So she comes up. So step to the other side and she'll go ahead and reach out to the upper cut, holding a white worker reaching out. She's getting a little bit of rotation, a little rotation to complement that lunge side. So she's getting a different load and a knit as well as getting some rotation in the upper body. We'll get one more in here and awesome. Perfect. All right. So to work on her balance now with this one of balance. This is going to be a lateral hop with stabilization. So the purpose of balance here is actually landing mechanics on a single leg. So she's going to start off on her left and she's going to hop, ladling to her right. From here she's going to hold for about two to three seconds. And she's going to focus on good alignment. When I meet my good alignment, hit the end toe or in line. Shobors on level, hips or level, ears, shoulders and hips are also in line with a nice neutral position ahead that low back. We'll have her come back here and we'll go one more to the other side. So you'll see that every moment of this hopping sequence she's owning the landing. So here we have her hop left to right. She's easily just hopped in place and to work on that single leg, landing in mechanics. And now for the plan, mattress, we're going to take a turn jump. I repeat, turn jump that she's going to do as fast as possible. So again, this is power phase. The assumption is that we've worked from stabilization. So we have great body control. We've gone through strengths so now we've applied heavy resistance and sometimes heavy volume of work onto the body. Now this is about speed. So here's going to do a repeat turn jump as fast as possible. Good. Awesome. So you see she's done a good mechanics, great extension, her body's nice and tall. And here let's hit one more and good hold. All right, so that was actually very well done while executed. So we're looking for speed, but first and foremost, it is about body control. So at any point in time, if I saw her knees collapsing, she started getting maybe an excessive forward knee. Anything that shows that she's losing control, or even slowing down, that's running a stopper, that program. So this is about improvement. This is about moving fast. The second she shows anything that takes away from that with poor technique or slower speed. We are done again. We have to remember this is a movement prep strategy. This is not the workout. So try this as part of your plan. If you haven't mixed up your normal routine in a little while, maybe this is something that you try as far as getting your body warm down ready to go for your workout. So let's not have any like it. Thanks again for watching. Take care and be safe.

=== FILE: At-Home Workout Intermediate Runner [zv5iWyck1w8].txt ===

Alright, I'm Kim Miller with the National Calculus Sports Management Association and I'm here with Carolina Ray. I'm here with Cray Performance and we are at the training station in Alamina, California. In this video we're going to show you a movement prep, more for that intermediate level run. So when I say intermediate level, if you follow the NSM, OPT model, this is a runner or a lower leg bias movement preparation for somebody that has gone through stabilization and somewhere in these strength training adaptation of conditions. So here we've got somebody who's worked on stabilization, they've got a good body control and now we're ready to cooperate higher volume or higher intensity of conditions. So, but Carolina is going to start off with a little self-mile fashion technique and she's going to use the hyperized hypersphere to focus on the outer cap. Now when it comes to a lot of people, when we're looking at the assessment process and looking or muscle and balances, a lot of times it would be turned out and the knees come in, we can pretty much pick on the outer cap as far as the area over a part of the cap that will probably appreciate more attention relief. So here she's on the cap between the knee and the ankle and she's externally rotated the hip a little bit. That way she can put the hypersphere more under that lateral compartment. So we're getting more of the lateral gastroxolious complex. On this spot she's going to hold that for about 30 seconds. It went until she feels about 30 to 60. I'm sorry, 50 to 60 percent of the decrease in tension for 30 seconds. So once you get to that point where it's relaxed, she feels a significant decrease in tension. Then we can add a little bit of mobility. So here she can flex and tow up and point it down in a way. She can add some ankle circles, clockwise and counterclockwise. That actually helps move some of that connective tension and the muscles on top of the hypersphere. So once the self-monational technique is done she's got some relief. Then it's time for a static or an active stretch. So in stabilization we can work on an active, a static stretch but here we're going to again more of an active component. That means that she's going to get into the same stretch position she's going to do a static stretch in stabilization training. But now she's going to go into and out of that stretch position. So here I'm going to have her just go and turn that field towards me a little bit. All right, perfect. I'm elevating her for foot using this hypersphere sandbag. Elevating her for foot that way we can listen a little bit more ankle dorsiflexion. She's going to come in, hold the stretch for a couple seconds and then come out with a little tension and a loop. Again, she's going to promote a little bit of rotation in the hip by just saying towards the outer part of the calf to a little bit that stretch. So even though this is the stretch I'm still looking at and concerned about kinetic change, I check points a lot of people that they have muscle and balances in other places. The area of stretch tends to get all the attention, but I still want to make sure that the low back. So it has good integrity, gears and shoulders, you have good integrity. So here's shoulders, hip to knees and ankles. All line throughout this calf stretch, as that view. Perfect. So here she's gotten about eight to ten reps. I'd replicate that on the other side. And now it's time to get some activation. So we're going to use this Viper Pro for a little bit of support to easily be against a railing or a wall for a little bounce apart from here. It's going to get a little bit of hip internal rotation and she's going to do a standing calf right. So the thing about this is that we want her to go straight up. Okay, a lot of people have a tendency to lean forward as they get their heels up. And the other thing is, as she gets his heel raised, you'll notice the control up and control down. She's got the whole forefoot on the ground. Some people will tend to kind of roll out onto outside of the foot. So I just want to make sure that the big toe has as much pressure as the pinky toe. All right, so let's get a couple more. So here, more you feel in this. Okay, so now she's activating more of that medial side of the calf. So if we relax this, now we want to activate or put more activity into the medial side of the inside calf. And here we get about 10 repetitions as well. Nice control. Awesome. And now we're going to put it all together with moving, called the pivot lunge. Okay, and with that pivot lunge. She's going to go ahead and she's going to lunge forward and with the animal rotation here. So I actually want us to rotate over that lead leg. And as a pivot lunge, those one foot's going to be on the ground. And she's going to have the other foot, step forward, get a rotation, and then she's going to step back. Get a rotation back here. Perfect. We get one more. And awesome. Great job. Take that. Nice. Now for her plyometric, we're going to do a repeat squat. Repeat split squat jump. Okay, but she's going to do this in an alternating manner. So she's going to start off with a split squat position. And in the air she's going to switch leg and then repeat jumping from that. So it's going to get 10 jumps. Okay, so from here, she's going to jump straight up and down. Good. Nice job. So I'm watching. Good lean. Good integrity. Hit me in the toe or in the line in the front. Perfect. Good job. All right, so that's what the technique is. It's a hit. All right, so we get about eight to ten as long as you can do it with good alignment. She's not buckling in. She's not getting excessive forward link. She's got great body control. She's still fast. She's still sharp from beginning to end. And if she starts to collapse, starts to lose posture, then we're done. Okay, then we have to make our modification for the next set. If there is an example. So with this routine, as a movement prep again, this is movement prep. This is just getting you ready for your workout warfare. About to run outside. This is a warm up that you can do to get you ready for however long you're going to run. So try this out. The core breathing to your plan. We know you'll feel better after you do it. So let us know how you like it. Thanks again for watching. Take care and be safe.

=== FILE: At-Home Workout Novice Runner [oy2h-Bp4XtU].txt ===

Hi, I'm Ken Lowe with the National Academy of Sports Medicine and I'm here with Kerming the right of the Syrian performance and we're at the training station here in California and this video is going to be about the movement preparation for a novice rider. I say novice rider not just a rider who is new to running but maybe a runner who is starting to implement a training conditioning or a fitness training plan to compliment their running outside. So when you start off with a little bit of old-roll and we're getting into a stretch going to a balance as well as a climactic and right here we have Kerming up already on a hyper-rice biber and she is getting the glute-meas, glute-max and mostly the pure formus is what we're trying to work on as far as getting those hip-rootators to relax a little bit with dependent emotions one of the things that tends to get tight are hip-rootators especially combined with prolonged sitting. That's an area that you do want to address so in that spot she's been on it for a little bit and she's going to be basically looking for a relaxation a decrease in tension so she's down the spot a tender area she wants to sit there until she's got about 50 to 60 percent of decrease in tension and then once that happens we can add in a little bit of mobility technique to it so while she's still on that same spot we'll see her that she's dying and he out and bringing it back in and that way we're kind of moving the tissue on top of the biber there and then once you get to a few reps of that then she can go and we will recall a little shrugging so she's just applying a little bit of cross friction onto the biber and just again more or less just trying to get that tissue to mobilize a little bit. So once we do that and as soon as we get that on the other it now it's time to get a static stretch so as the novice base or a beginner programmer the goal typically is going to be about stabilization up to my dim posture and posture endurance a lot of times we're trying to address postural imbalances or muscular balances so that he has to do time and get tight. So what we're going to do here for the piriformist stretch we're going to put her right angle on the left quad now keeping her low back flat on the ground she's just going to go ahead support the lower part of that knee and then she's going to pull it up and across so that right knee's going to come up towards that left shoulder. As far as she can as long she's feeling a little stretch across that back pocket now the one thing you want to be aware of is some people again they're tight in the front of the hip they might be inclined to feel a little bit of a pinch in the front so one if they can pull up in a cross as far as they can feel a little bit of tension a little tissue tension in that back pocket of that right hip and not go as far as she can without feeling that pinch but as she feels a long way before she feels a stretch we might need to do a little bit of corrective word to loosen up the front of it which might mean so my fast technique on the front a knee hip what's a stretch like I'm doing right now of that up and then she can go ahead and revisit this so from this position here she'll just apply stretch about 30 seconds hopefully there'll be a little bit of decrease the significant decrease and tension in that posterior hip perfect now we would go into a four-rich-list position but what we'll do a little fast-forward you to a balanced exercise so that's all ready to be active in the hips but about 12-15 reps really slow and then get her nice and burglals where an option will work on her balance so front here she's going to bounce on the leg and she's going to get a nice flex softly flex a minute hit nice athletic position you'll see here she drives at the up and then she's going to go ahead and bring it out nice and easy back in and then she's going to get that foot to the next two but not touch the ground and she's going to repeat up to the side little rotation back to center and then now what I'm doing is I'm watching how for a nice little spine nice legs and the knee from watching the front I'm looking for a hit in the toe line shoulders level of this level your shoulders pits all in line look at one more as that feeling alright and no surprise that you know on that balance later that's down the stance leg they might feel a little bit of activation in the glutes right because there's a lot going on as far as keeping everything nice and level of the course with that changing center gravity that blue on that stance leg has to be quite a bit now for a little bit of a plyometric work we're going to do a split squat jump with stabilization and kindness a split squat jump with the stabilization so we might have started her with a squat jump feet level or even and jumping up and holding but to add all the variation we're just going to split squat her and from here I can watch it in the toe stay in line and then I'm just going to have her jump good swing all two to three seconds and then she's going to go ahead and repeat up now stay the landing make whatever just you need to make the minute this is the first time doing it you might get a little wiggle in there good foot nice and flat landing on the ball of foot on that bad leg good angle little trunk and the shin perfect and relax alright so as far as incorporating a movement trap strategy we really want to consider what's happening with the lower body so this movement practice gives bias more towards that novice or that beginner client who's trying to implement stabilization strategies into the workout program so if you haven't worked with a movement trap strategy for running specifically give this a try or if you're already doing something but haven't hired this sequence just yet put this into a program in the world can let us know how you like it so we know you're going to feel a little bit different if you're trying this and you haven't been before we just because what it does for the hips as far as we're true men range of motion and all like and stuff so let us know how you like it thanks for watching we say

=== FILE: Avoid Burnout & Injuries Smart Conditioning Strategies for Teen Athletes [OH5gyOPnI9E].txt ===

Coming up on random fit, myself, Wendy Bats and Ken Miller are going to be talking about free season conditioning the high school edition. If you have a high school or if you're a high school or yourself, figure out through Wendy and I on how we made it through high school and playing the different sports that we have. And the high schoolers that we work with, we're going to share some insights on what you can do to compete the best you can in season. But also more importantly, be as prepared as you can possibly be for that season. So like follow subscribe, download and enjoy the episode. I am Wendy Bats here with my friend and co-host Ken Miller. Ken how's it going? Things are going great. Wendy how you doing? I am well. And this week we are going to be talking about free season conditioning more so for the high schoolers that we're going to do a high school edition. And Ken I know that this was one that was near and dear to your heart and you're like this is the perfect time to bring it out. This because there's a lot of things going on. So why don't you start us off? Well, I think Wendy going back to when we were talking about sports and conditioning. I know with the type of clientele that you have professional athletes. Where you have a definite off season. Then you have a definite in season where let's say with basketball you have the summers off and then you start up you know in the fall. But when it comes to high school where you're dealing with multiple sports. There's a very, very much a gray area if you're playing one. If you're playing multiple sports. But in light of the fact that you know a lot of kids not just play high school sports. But they're also playing sports in the summer like they're playing a basketball. They're playing summer, summerly, travel baseball. So you don't really get that off season. But when we're talking about the high school athlete, we're just basically all we want to do is bring to light the fact that you know not everything's clear cut but there are some. Some kids strong considerations that when you're working with the high school or as a personal trainer if you're a parent of a high school or who plays. You know, you know, you're not going to have a sports or multiple sports. Some things that you want to keep in mind when it comes to making sure that you're a high school athlete. Not only can perform well once it's time to play for the season, but what are we going to do to help kind of mitigate excess stress and the and the situation where aches and strains and sprains and and you know other things that are indicators of injury. And you keep those things at bay. Well, and I find it interesting because often this time of year, especially if there are kids that are going to go and play football or they're getting ready for whatever it is that they're doing. I always ask him, I'm like, are you looking forward to starting practice and being with your friends and your teammates and you know they had trials. They did that and there's a couple weeks off and they get ready for school and then they're not okay. And they're not going to have to come back to some this day or even when you think I know we're talking about high schoolers, but if you even think about college, you know there's that time of between. And what I've seen with some of my clients who have high school kids. They don't let they don't do anything over the summer. They go out with their friends, they'll go on vacation, but they're not training and they're not working out anymore. They're not doing anything. They'll have trials, they'll do well and trials and then they start practice and they're sick. They're, you know, let's see who's going to be the first to throw up. Let's see who gets heat exhaustion because their body isn't acclimated to anything. So when you brought this to my attention, I'm like, this is perfect timing because we're hearing where I'm at a people that are having. That that the athletic trainers are on the field with some of these kids who are having heat issues. You know, heat exhaustion, there was people that were called, there was somebody that almost had a heart attack and these are high school kids, but they are not preparing for it. And you know, you've got to start thinking, what is the sport? And when's the right time to kind of look into doing something, to getting them moving and acclimated to whatever their sport is going to be, whether it's indoors outdoors, certain structures, meaning. Yeah, yeah, I think to your point Wendy, when we talk about let's say we're forgetting into the fall, let's just kind of take the school year from beginning to end. So as you brought up when the summer time is just, I mean, that's a big coin toss. So as when I was a string coach at Cal, one of the things that, you know, the one thing you hope for is that your athletes did something. Anything, you know, anything, you go up for a jog, did you, did you hit the gym with your buddy, anything. Just to maintain some some semblance of fitness and strength conditioning over the summer because when school started, then that's where you're just like, okay, well, let's see what we got. All your all this fall sport coaches are thinking the same thing, you know, what do we have, you know, especially if you're playing, you know, let's say it's for like football or volleyball or. When it's volleyball, water polo is a fall sport. So, you know, you have your triads and with with my daughter, they've got triads the first day of school. So it's not like they have a two school, but once school starts that's where they have their triads. So first of all. Get familiar with your environment as you mentioned, when he with when it comes to heat stress if the first time you went outside was when it was 103 degrees. And now you're going to have to run jump stop fall. Get up and do that multiple times hit somebody in pads. The first time you go outside and experience that he you don't want it to be when you have a home and on when you have pads on right get acclimate just get used to the temperature. So if you think like you brought up when if you're inside you're in a gym, you're on a basketball court where it's somewhat temperature controlled. That's fine, but if you're in the other side of things you're outside and it's 100 plus degrees. The heat index is 100 plus don't make that the first time you go outside. So outside of conditioning just know what the environment is and that's more from a safety sampling because as you brought up when he. Passing out. You know, because you have heat stress, he truck that those are those are fatal situations so from us from a conditioning standpoint. First things first just know the environment know what you're going to get into you know that's in addition to the conditioning side of things. I think it's important to when we're looking at okay we've got this high school athlete what what is it that they want to do what sport do they want to play you and just talked about maybe. Multi sports and I think that's awesome because you are keeping yourself in good. Conditioning hopefully throughout the the year and it doesn't matter what sport you play I did that I ran chat track I cheered I did different things at different times of the year so what I could go one right into another right into another. And I felt like I had a good base and so if you are going to have a child that is on one single sport you want to think okay if you're. Trials are this day then give them a base I think really working on an aerobic base working on some strength working on mobility and and I know. Can you and I both discover the same information we're looking at different research and stuff that's out there the commonality is anywhere from four to eight weeks you want to give yourself four to eight weeks in order to really start to. Before you go out there and try out and then do it on a continuous basis to keep yourself in the best shape and conditioning with reduction of hopefully injuries unless they're contact and I was like well okay for eight weeks it is. If if you are a single sport and and I have always heard that as well and I haven't seen anything to say that that's changed. And I think you and the idea of trying out Wendy you have to get in shape for the trial it's not that you just try out make the team and then you get in shape for the sport if you're going to give it max effort in one singular moment. You know you want to be prepared for that moment as well so when it comes to triass and this is another thing. When it comes to the sport if you know when when when that tried to get that 48 weeks ideally eight weeks. At least but now you you built up some confidence in what you can do and that way when you are trying to. Jump change direction sprint. Whatever the whatever the coach wants you to do to show that you deserve a spot on the team. That's that's your season right that's one way to look at that is your season is actual trial event so give yourself I mean to your point when ramp up time but also consider that. Try out as one moment that's going to set up the season because you can you know if you just sit on the couch all summer and it comes the fall and then your other shape it's going to show and that's a reflection of of not just your your fitness or your strength or your level of power but also reflection of your of your discipline you know and how well you can take care of yourself so. I think that's a big key because with with some of my athletes when their season is over and I know Marty Miller he uses this this example I've used it a ton of times too but you know if you're if you're a NASCAR right and you go when you do the. They ton of 500 you're doing 500 laps and the car is going in the same direction over and over and over again you get more wear and tear on one side but throughout. The laughs they have these pit stops they get new tires they get gas they they make some corrections if they hit the wall or hit another car and it's just band aids until until the race is over and then whoever the winner is is the winner. I always tell an athlete your body is kind of the same as a NASCAR right throughout the season you're running it really hard you're putting a lot of wear and tear on there and then when the season is over just like the race is over it's my job to help them rebuild that engine and that car to the max so when it's going on to the starting line it's going to be able to accelerate to its full potential. So when you're looking at it like that you can put that in the eyes of somebody that understands NASCAR or for a long or whatever it is that you watch or have an example for. Then as a high school or puts in perspective because a lot of these high school kids see my athletes come in and they're like why are you here when the summers over and we are rebuilding their their body to prepare them to be explosive from day one to show that they should be the starting. Starting person and they should get more minutes played than the next person behind him who is fighting for that same position and so to that that's the dedication that is that's the the. The vibe that I want them to have I want them to have the drive to want to be that that's the level they want to be at but when they start to see some of these other. Higher athletes are elite athletes coming in and that's what they're doing on their downtime I'm telling them all your round but we'll have to move in different directions we say that with NASM every 46 weeks get yourself reevaluated look at your assessments see if you're making progress. And I think sometimes we we just think of the sport and it's very sport specific when it really should be body specific to help them in their sport. Yeah and I think you know that that's a great point Wendy so when when we talk about. That that level of condition you get that you get that four six weeks now the other thing too is you get I love that analogy when when you and Marty bring that up you know you just just make it through get through the finish line and then we will fix things up and and what we are talking about there is is basically addressing injury potential because. As you said when you're going around that track you're going to wear down those wheels. definite wear pattern that's going to be the same lap after lap after lap after lap so the same thing if you're right handed throw or you're going to have that same right to left when it comes to tension that's coming through your trunk in your torso. same muscles through the shoulders that are being used over and over and over again, but the one thing we need to also consider when preparing for your season is making sure that we've. address muscle and balances so when it comes to looking at the injury potential you can never predict and I say this all the times like you can never predict. That's somebody is going to get injured and therefore if I if I if I can't do that I can predict how I'm going to prevent you from getting injured so. What we can address is injury potential so by making sure that you're not just met a ballically condition like your your your cardiovascular fitness is there your fast and you're explosive and you're strong. One thing but are you recruiting the right muscles at the right times in the right planes of motion just as a human being so as you when the and you're not talking about this. Many many many times is that we we have to get you moving as better as a human first. The best thing in mc. did kind of mention a little bit too, but on the anaerobic and anaerobic conditioning and thinking, okay, about our lungs, and are we able to withstand that many minutes, whether it's a basketball player that has to play, you know, sprints going back and forth, whether it's a lacrosse player, a soccer player, that's a lot of time running back and forth. And so no matter what, I think it's important to build an anaerobic base, that's your jogging, you know, tempo runs, circuits, fartlicks, little things like that. I think those are a really good way to start building a base, and then we go into the anaerobic intervals. And that's when we do a true hit, you know, people were like, oh, I did a hit workout for 60 minutes, and I did it now. But you know, I did a true hit workout or shuttle runs or different types of sprints or lateral movements with different patterning that forces us have to think cut or maybe it's unpredictable. You don't know what's coming next because I'm gonna change it right on the spot. And then at that point, looking at, okay, we're getting closer to the season, and we know that we've got a good base, we know that we've got good sprints, but then thinking, okay, what is this sport demand? And we've got to think, okay, we're developing the different energy systems, like whether it's repeated sprints for soccer or burst for football or burst for basketball. And these are just some examples. I think when we start to look at it as a whole and you're always changing what they're doing, but making sure that it makes sense and the bodies prepared for that, we're setting them up for success, but then they're also gonna go into the season and better shape and less likely, like you said, for the predictable injuries, because hopefully when they do their assessments and go through that, they're well above everyone else, because they worked hard in the off season. Right. So I do wanna add on to that thought windy, but before I do, I just wanna say that this episode of Random Fit is brought to you by NASM1, the membership for trainers and coaches. Members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the edge app to schedule and program clients enjoy half off all certifications and specializations. Access free CEUs and more. All this for just $35 a month. Go to nsm.org forward slash membership to learn more about NASM1. So windy when it comes to the preparation thing and you talked about doing multiple sports. What sports did you do again? I cheered, I danced, I ran track, I played tennis. All in the same year. Rit, you could do five, four, five. Well, I mean, I didn't do tennis in our high school, but I played like one at our wreck, like where my dad was in member, where we were, oh, go. So we played super competitive, but it wasn't, it wasn't like a, I just played in the, when I could. Just kidding, let's just say that. But now I mean, we would go for cheer, let's say we're doing that for football season. And as soon as it was done, sometimes they were overlapped. I ran sprints, I was 400 and mile relay. That was my, those were my three. I was a relay girl. I was good. Wow. I know. I've always been a team player. Right. Well, I know you're a part, I mean, because for one to be a cheerleader, you gotta be pretty powerful, right? Were you one of those that were doing like the back hands brings across? Yeah, I was a player. That was awesome. You were a good one. Go, I grew up once I stopped. So maybe it's something about, you may stump your growth, but yeah, I grew up. Well, the reason why I asked is because when I was growing up and I was playing sports, I did football in the fall. I did wrestling in the winter and then I did track for a couple of seasons, but then I wound up doing baseball. So my point is saying that and asking, because I was really curious about, I mean, you did the cheer thing. Sprinting I didn't know so much, but I know you're very active in tennis now. So my point to saying that is if you're talking about, you know, say a three star athlete, but if you're, I am only three. Well, I'll say your five star, can you do a big negative? Can you fit that many sports in the season? But what my point being is that you'll have your, your fall, your winter, and your spring sports. So if we're talking about somebody who's just doing one sport, and they, yeah, you want to make sure that you build in your preseason conditioning to make sure that you're ready for that one sport. But if you're somebody who's like, what I did, you know, you got in shape playing football because you ran plenty. But then when it came to now migrating into the winter sport, that what I did in football, got me someone set up for wrestling. Well, there's impact that's hitting. We're running. I mean, it's not exactly the metabolic needs that, that a grappler needs, but you kind of wrestle your way to shape. And then when I did play baseball, where that's, you know, that'll hold out a metabolic needs there. But I had to be powerful enough to throw the ball, sprint from, you know, home to first, first, the second around the basis, or as an outfielder, I had to be explosive to get to the ball. But my point to saying that is if you're playing a sport, yeah, they may not be an exact transition from one sport to the other, but what I tell my kids and tell my parents of the kids that I work with is the fact that, hey, you're doing something, you're out there, you're rotating, you're squatting, you're lunging. And you know, you name the sport, but you're active and you're getting some conditioning. Now, you might want to add some, as a sports specific stuff. So if you're going from wrestling to baseball, yeah, you probably do want to get keep some throwing or keep some shoulder health, you know, programming in there for the sake of making sure that when it's time to put on with love and throw a ball, that you have some coordination for that sport. But overall, if you're playing sport after sport, after sport, to hit the ball, the winner in the spring, just know that sometimes you're going to get some that ancillary condition, like some people who do cross-country in the fall, there's some conditions so that when spring comes around and it's time to do that for by 100 Wendy. You're in some shape for that next sport. Well, and that's one of the reasons truly that I were in trash. I did not like it, and then, you know, but it was one of those that kept me in shape. And then I would play tennis, like I said, in the summer, just for fun, just so I could just continue to move. And I needed to be stronger. But yeah, I mean, you have to continue to practice your hone in, your craft, or whatever it is for your sport. So, so that's also important because you must remember, I mean, it's easier to get back if you've done it your whole life, and you know how to do certain drills or moves or flips or tombs or whatever it may be. But, you know, I think I think it's going to be important to that we mentioned some common pitfalls that I think, you know, people need to avoid because I think this is where we kind of get stuck as a parent as well. We're like, my son just tried out this past weekend, and I'm like, oh man, you know, he was doing different things this summer, and it was because I wanted him just to not, I want him to love baseball if he wants to love baseball. But if I'm always constantly throwing it down his throat, and that's the only sport that he's playing, and that's all he knows, I'm not doing, I'm doing him a distrust this because again, repetitive motion, repetitive movement patterns, but it's also not challenging him to do something different, but I'm also like, oh man, you know, we need to get out there like you said through the ball, like let's, you know, we need him to go and pick up the bat and hit, and then it starts to get to be too much too fast. If we're not careful, I mean, again, he was doing other things, so I felt comfortable saying, okay, let's go hit, let's go do this. But if he were to do have been doing nothing besides being with his friends playing video games and I'm like, oh, you're going to go try out. We need to hurry up and get you in shape, and then I try to crush him over a week in before trial. That's where we start to see some tissue injuries. We start to see him get really sore. We see the body breakdown, and then they get into, to making the team hopefully, and then those constant repetitive movement patterns, it's not a good setup. It is not, so you really want to be careful with that. Yeah, and I think when you're young, you think you're Superman, you think you're invisible. Yeah, you go straight to the one to five reps, right? One to five red max, and it's your first day back. There's no, there's no tissue tolerance, right? You haven't built anything up. So that point of too much too fast, if they're trying to go for a running back position. Yeah, they're going to try and run the fastest 40 they can all year, but structures like the foot and ankle, the Achilles, the calf, the knee, can that do the work that you wanted to do today, maybe four weeks from now, but not today, right? So that's a big part of it. One other pitfall is, in fact, that in light of what we know today about the need for recovery, and you and I, Wendy, have said this many times on random fit, it's said, you know, we're really good at putting stress into the body, but how good are we at managing or taking stress out of the body? So recovery, you know, you and I will talk about it with our clients who are older, but you know, the best time for someone to learn about recovery is the teens, right? Because they're going, their body's going to go through it. So why not teach them how to manage physical stress? Oh, 100% and nutrition, what to eat, you know, while you're putting in your body is fueling, fueling the system and, you know, what you put into it is what you get out of it. That's what I always tell my clients, especially my yard guys, if you want to be the best, then we're going to have it mentality and you're going to do what it takes for you to be the best. And that means you're going to have to look at your nutrition, you're going to have to look at your rest, you're going to have to think about possible recovery boots or some recovery percussion device. There's something among those lines that's going to help you get ready for the next day, while you're hopefully doing some sort. It doesn't have to be where we're hitting hard every single day because we've talked about, can you and I have talked about different ways of doing active recovery? It doesn't mean when we say recovery that you just sit there, it's doing stretching, it's doing yoga type things, it's going for walks, it's foam rolling, it's doing things that are going to benefit you. So the next time you do go hard, whether it's in the gym or at practice or with your team, your body is more prepared and in better alignment than if you did nothing. I think that's the the biggest thing, coaches are really becoming more and more focused on individualization. I know that they have been hired by multiple teams to come out and do preassessments with the teams to we so we can do like an individualized corrective program that they do before they actually go and meet with their strength and conditioning coach. And I'm seeing this more and more and I love being a part of it because I feel like that's what's lacking is you know that the coaches will have the entire team do this dynamic warm-up and then they go and they everyone's doing the same thing. When if we can just do a little bit of individualization first it's going to help help the actual students or athletes if you will prepare the way that they need to prepare. And I think I think we're seeing coaches kind of have that mindset which I'm loving not all sports but I know there's certain sports that we're getting there and then I think we're also looking to see coaches not just going out and trying to run them. Let's see who's going to throw up. Let's see who's passed out. Let's see who's the strongest and who's going to be the first to say I can or give up. I mean I'm not saying you know we're focusing on raising the week because I'm all about you got to push your limit but then there's also a time to be like okay enough enough and looking at proper progression throughout the season. I've seen more people focusing on that and I mean only time will tell but if you could do your part four to eight weeks before the actual sport and start working on that's going to help develop yourself or your athletes then it's a win. Yeah and I think one more you know one last point when is that when when an athlete when high school athlete has taken a time they've done that four to eight weeks leading up to the season that that's you know there's a big that's a big confidence builder and I think I said this before but if you can build that team camaraderie don't be the only guy that's out there if you know who your teammates are you you can get a hold of them make it a group thing because now it's like it's bringing to together your team and you're you're actually fostering that aspect of leadership and you know that you know if you're putting in the work you know that person next to you is putting in the work then there's going to be a that higher level of trust when it comes to okay can I trust this person to be in shape can I trust this person to have the discipline to do what they're supposed to do when that when it really matters so you know that that mental psychosocial side of of sports definitely plays its plays a role when when you as an individual do what you need to do to be in the to be in the best shape that you can but if you can take somebody along with you who's going to be in the same sport maybe take that same journey with you that just builds confidence all the way around so there's there's there's there's that part I mean that that's not the side that usually gets addressed when it comes to preseason conditioning but I think it's it's a part that can you know can make a difference especially when you know maybe you don't have a winning record and morale is low but you know at least you know that you did what you could to to put the best efforts forward when it when it's time to compete well there's that there's and you guys can look at it seven I don't have to draw like throughout any names but there was a professional athlete that would always say in every interview and every documentary and every everything no one will outwork me ever ever and so every time people would go and work with them his job was to make sure no one outworked him and it was because he wanted to be pushed and he was also going to show that he wasn't going to give up and he was going to do what it took to be the best on the court or whatever sport he was in so if you go in with that mentality or if you have kids that are going to play a sport you try to teach them that mentality you work hard and you work harder than everyone else you will become the best if that's the mentality you want to teach it's one that really works and it's one that we say to are you going to work harder than him yes well and show me and it's fun because it's competitive and remember if you're working with athletes especially high school that's when the competitive really comes out and it makes for a very fun session and yeah something to think about so I'm going to think about yeah thanks for you know bringing this topic up I know we had just been talking about all these different sports are coming up we've got a bunch of different players coming in finishing starting it's like a lot and so I thought this was when you said let's do it for every timing and thanks for yep and never bad time to yeah never bad time to think about preparation right just just be ready all the time so I think yeah thank you for your insight on this topic about you know preseason conditioning the high school addition might have another addition come up who knows but for those of you listening to us both Wendy bats and I can't Miller here on this episode of round of bit thank you so much for your time and giving us your attention for this episode so all we ask is like follow subscribe download share let us know what you want to talk about on other episodes future episodes when it comes to random bit so until next time everybody take care and be well

=== FILE: Balance Training OPT Model [3C400aFB53Y].txt ===

The National Academy of Sports Medicine's OPPT model uses an integrated progressive training system. This includes all aspects of fitness, including balance. Balance is divided up into balanced stabilization, balance strength, and balance power. Many times after an injury, the proprioception in a joint is diminished. Therefore, balance training can help to re-establish and reinforce that proprioception in the joint. Balance stabilization is primarily used in phase 1. Here are our goal list to maintain perfect form. We want to be sure they can maintain control of the arch, keep the knee in alignment, and keep the proper position of the hips. This could include exercises as simple as a single leg balance, and maybe a single leg balance with the reach with the opposite leg. Again, the goal is maintaining proper form. Here we want to challenge the client's balance threshold. So what we would do is take them to a position where they can barely maintain proper form. Maybe you asked them to come down into a third or maybe a half of a squat, which challenges them a little bit more. As we progress to phases 2, 3, and 4, we're going to use balance strength. Here we're going to focus more on that dynamic aspect of balance. So again, we're going to be on one leg, maintaining proper form, but we're moving through a range emotion. These exercises could be a single leg squat, maybe a single leg box step up. As we progress to phase 5, we're going to move to balance power. Here our goal is to focus on controlling that desoloration for the body on one leg. Our exercise is maybe a single leg hot or maybe a single leg box jump, where we hold that landing for 3 to 5 seconds. That 3 to 5 second hold allows us to control our form to be sure that we're reinforcing proper form.

=== FILE: Balancing Work, Life & Prep How IFBB Pros Thrive Under Pressure [k4pzfiDJMq0].txt ===

Hey guys, it's Andre here at the NSM Peak Physique podcast. We've got a very special episode coming up entitled What Would Approved Do. In this episode, we'll break down the journey to earning an IFBV Procar. Chasing that first, the limpio qualification, the mental and physical challenges faced along the way, and how resilience, consistency, and trust and coaching can lead to success. And we've got a very special guest, which is IFBV Pro page words. And make sure that you guys follow and subscribe. We'll see you guys soon. You're listening to the Peak Physique podcast with Andre Adams. On the NSM podcast network. Hey, what's up everyone. Welcome back to another exciting episode of the NSM Peak Physique podcast. I'm your host, Andre Adams, NSM Master Trainer and IFBV Physique Olympian. Today's episode is titled What Would Approved Do. And I've got a very special guest that I'm going to mention in just a moment. But we're going to break down the journey to earning that IFBV Procar. Chasing that first, the limpio qualification, the mental and physical challenges faced along the way, and how resilience, consistency, and trust and coaching can lead you to success. So for the very first time here on the Peak Physique podcast, I'd like to answer in my good friend, IFBV Figure Pro page words. Page welcome to the show. Hello happy to be here. Yeah, so for you guys that don't know, page is one of our figure athletes. She's also opposing coach six times NPC figure and women's physique overall champ. And a CPA. So you know, you kind of remind me of when I was coming up, you know, as a full time mechanical engineer and senior product manager. IFBV Olympian, right? And we're kind of juggling all these things. So we're going to cover all those front topics in just a moment here. And then page two before we wrap today, I want to make sure that we also plug your blog because you've done a phenomenal job. You inspire me, capturing all that beautiful content about the journey and the process and what real life bodybuilding looks like. Yes, absolutely. Alright, so page, let's take it all the way back to the beginning here. We're going to go back before you and I even met. And I want to talk about those early experiences, you know, in the NPC kind of what fueled your drive, but most importantly, what was the spark that made you want to start competing. And what made you also choose the division, right? So figure in this case. Yeah, so back in college, I started weightlifting and how I got into weightlifting. I hated doing cardio and specifically running. I would make myself run on the treadmill for like 45 minutes or an hour at a time. And I absolutely hated every single second of it. And that was back around probably 2016 or so. And at that time, there was a big shift on Instagram relative to weightlifting and specifically women and weightlifting. And I saw a lot more people that I followed and just sell out more people in the fitness industry, getting into weightlifting and saying how they could eat more food. And they're lifting weights and they're getting stronger and they're transforming their bodies. And I thought that looks so cool. Is that looks like a lot more fun than what I was doing of literally just running on the treadmill and hating every single second of it. So with that, my boyfriend and seven now has been showed me the ropes in terms of how to weight lift. And I ended up following loved with the weightlifting aspect and kind of got deeper and deeper. You know, you see the tip of the iceberg and then you start learning everything beneath it of the nutrition and how to appropriately weightlifting. How to program a workout and you know different workouts splits and whatnot and so I started tracking my food doing the whole of it fits your macros approach and everything and my body started to transform. And with that I saw there was a couple people that I actually went to high school with that they did some bodybuilding competitions. That looks so cool. And I thought to myself, why am I already doing this weightlifting thing and I'm tracking my food and you know, I'm seeing my body change. So maybe I could do that. And again, back in 2016, 2017, I was a junior senior in college run that time and then I had one year of grad school in front of me. I didn't have the financial means to actually go full in higher coach and do a bodybuilding show until I graduated and started full time. And I think something with me is if I have the edge to do it. I just I just need to go for it and I need to see if I like it or not. And as soon as I started with a coach and I did my first show in 2019, I was hooked and that's that's kind of how I knew of yeah, this is this is definitely for me. And at the time in terms of how I picked figure it was more so I was interested in bikini, but I'll be completely honest at that time I wasn't necessarily comfortable with the bikini back close. And like the thought of doing that on stage was so intimidating to me. And so the other people that I went to high school that were doing bodybuilding competitions, the two females, they did figure. And so I was I had some familiarity with figure just the proximity of them and so I was like, well, all like how they look, I think they look, reach out pretty cool. And it's funny because some of my close friends back in the day they would give me some crap in terms of my linebacker shoulders, they would say I got in the shoulders. And full circle, figure that actually loads very well, who are having that with and kind of found out naturally as as I started training getting further into it. I actually had a pretty decent back so it ended up pretty well and I'm really glad that I did make that division because it fits my body very well. Yeah, and what I love about that story too page is that it all started with wanting to eat more food. And because at heart, I think we all want to eat food is one of the most common misconceptions for you guys out there that are maybe unfamiliar with bodybuilding and you know everyone thinks that we're, you know, because we're dieting, we're eating like rabbits. They're not a lot of calories and clean food. So trust me, especially in our growth phases, we are eating like I can tell you right now pages volume of food in her reverse and improvement phase is like double that of like an average guy right now. So yeah, it's very good and very frequently so sometimes you know, is funny like those are the things that kind of get you into the sport like, oh, I actually get to eat food and I get to lift heavy weights right. And you know, I think also just knowing what I know about your personality too because you and I are both type A's right we're analytic we get to track this data we get to see the results and measure those results and progress over time. And I think it fits your personality very well because we need that type of structure right I feel like I'm wondering aimlessly through life or I'm lost, I don't have that structure of like I got to have my five or six meals in I've got to you know get my gallon and half a water and I've got to do x y and z in the gym this week. So it fits your personality very well and I think you mentioned something else very important there too about like the tip of the iceberg everyone looks at it you know kind of superficial or on the surface we're looking at dieting and working out right that's kind of where we start. But it's this done in crewbar effect where the more you know the wiser you become you have this realization that I don't know anything right there's so much knowledge and complexity of the way that our bodies handle food and nutrition and my growing nutrition and you know the hormones that are going through our body how to those impact something like a physique outcome. So the the wise ones right coaches and athletes are the ones that realize that there's a whole other layer of information that you know really no one's 100% mastered right we're kind of learning as we go and applying. So I love it though you know you've got the right mindset for it and let's maybe give them a quick recap on you know right before we met. You were on your way to a national competition and I believe if I remember correctly was that your first national show. It was my second one but it. Maybe very well should have been my first one because my first one was the year par in 2022. I got fifth place and the rest five girls and fifth place the last place is definitely what I deserve so yes that was that was my first show and then yes right before we met I was going into my second second national show. Yeah so cool story what kind of recap this is always fun for me to tell so for you guys that have not followed the journey long enough and that that has to have been. Three years ago two and a half years ago tell them like that come here's your three yeah. So you know you're going to have to do that. Yeah so we met you middle of 2023 when we met and so page was on her way to this second national show. And she stopped by our contest prep headquarters here at you know staff at this convention Wisconsin. And I know we did an in-body scan we had a discussion I kind of where she was at you know what type of improvements and like let's just call it a needs analysis where I thought. And I know after that conversation. I felt that page was pretty inspired right for one I could tell she's got them right mindset she's going to go places. But two I was like let's see how she does international show though because I don't know she you know might do really well and want to continue down the path that she's on. But literally the morning after so page I don't know if you remember this but you hit me up the next day and you're like all right coach let's get this thing started. I want you to take over my prep and oh by the way I want to do the show next Saturday. And then the way by the way I want to also do two divisions because you had these this vision of doing women's physique which is kind of like a fun goal of yours right like still main focus figure but hey you know what I think I want to try this. I want to try this with this physique division so for you guys at a coach is or athletes you can imagine the pressure no pressure coach right it's like let's let's just figure your body out in six days and. And then you know what my first thought I could do not my very first thought was. Game on let's do it. That was a fun little puzzle so page why don't you share the results of that six days later what happened. Yeah well and I just have to say to from our first conversation to me actually sitting on the plane heading home from New Jersey is where I sent that text from. And then our face time of you know going through our game plan just the fact that you made me feel so inspired and so empowered. It was just you just gave me the feeling of like I can do anything I put my mind to and that's also the reason why I felt so confident in making the switch as well and knew that I was going to be in great hands because you need somebody that is going to inspire you and make you feel like you can literally. You can literally conquer anything in the world so that was the context and I think because of setting that tone going into that peak week. The outcome ended up being a double overall in both the women's figure and women's physique division which was just mind blowing to me as well because at that point. I had won one overall previously in 2021 but again with these national shows of getting fifth of fifth and then I think I got like 13th out of 23 girls or so at that national show that I was coming back from. I never thought that a double overall was even in the rumours my possibility so that was yeah absolutely incredible. It was and for you guys maybe that missed it this past weekend we were actually in this same venue so we've got a lot of memories there and I think page you and I probably have like five overalls in it building if I remember correctly. That was the first of many and you know it set the tone for what was to come so we did like literally less than a week prep really just dialing in reducing fatigue and then getting a little bit sharper through the legs right trying to bring more detail out through the quads and then making sure that we got her as full as possible going into the show. I'm just finding her posing and tweaking and you kept your women's physique the end of your posing routine as surprise for you to me. You hit the splits in that routine and I think a lot of people weren't expecting it and you know fast forward a year from there. You took the overalls again and you ended up winning. That's poseer I think it was for your women's physique routine right. Mm-hmm. Yep that's second show the year last year and first show of the year last year as well was also a bit of a surprise it was not planned. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do it yep this seven weeks before so. Yeah. We do we do we like to be spontaneous sometimes and you know what spontaneous has paid off for us sometimes you have this like perfect road map. And you've got this date in mind and it's like you do everything right and you don't do as well. So you know not telling everyone to go out there and just be spontaneous and not have a plan but sometimes you just got a trustry gut right. And when you feel really good about something your body's responding well sometimes you just got to go after it. So fast forward you know over the last two and a half years page was able to successfully take five additional NPC overalls between figure and women's physique. And let's talk about you know chasing that pro card right you and I started our nationals. Um, pro card run and it didn't take us long. In fact you almost got it on your first crack at it right we got run her out which. Gosh that was tough when it was close it was so close and I think it was tough one point. Yeah. One point a little different so one you know one additional judge cited in favor of. The other athlete right a lot of incredible athletes in the stage that day and we came up one point short but I want to pause to before we talk about. Actually getting the pro card you know just like think like the month after but we went through a rather emotionally challenging time around then to right because one reality that a lot of people don't talk about enough about is kind of like. You know self-esteem our motivation our mental state because in this sport we are literally putting ourselves out there to be judged right and this can get really hard whether it's by other athletes. When we're on stage we're being judged and you're on social media you're being judged and we actually had um you know a situation that we had to work through and navigate where there was just you know a lot of. Chaos in drama after one of the NPC shows right there were some disgruntled athletes and just a lot of nonsense circulating on social media and things like that. So what was one thing that maybe helped you get through that because I know a lot of other people listening to this episode right here have gone through something similar. Yeah so I'd say going into 2024 again I kind of alluded to I didn't know I didn't comprehend what was possible for myself and I guess the level that I was at. And so going into 2024 prior to working with Andre. I was more so doing this sport just for fun I guess you could say. I always wanted to get a pro card you know that was the goal in terms of deep down feasibility and having that as a reality and if I really believed in myself enough to get there that's probably the question. And so when I started winning you know these backed back overalls and just you know showing up to shows and just in just winning. I wasn't used to that feeling of winning and then I also wasn't used to again some of the. Clap back I guess you could say for mother people that you know maybe we're jealous or whatever was kind of stemming comments or drama and whatnot and so it's very hard for me to take that in and comprehend that and. Let the words that they were saying get in my head because some of those were you know she's not ready for a pro card or you know she's not even that good or whatever and she's not big enough or. She can't hang with these girls on the national stage and unfortunately I lot those words sink in more than what I realized because going into the first national last year which is NPC universe. I didn't even realize this until I was out there until kind of the competition started unfolding. But I went up for pre judging did my class you know wasn't wasn't like to stress or anything like thought it went well. But sometimes when it's a big lineup you can't you don't know exactly where you are in that line up it's hard to tell where you are in relation to everybody else. And so I got a stage you know, relax the days of call thinking I'm in I don't know six seven play something like that and I checked my phone and Andre texted me saying did you see where you were in the lineup. I said well no I was in the show I couldn't tell like a can't tell many people are on either side of me. I'm just trying to focus on posing a netball and over and he's like you're in the second place second or third place spot right now you you are in the running for a pro card. And like I. Daniel almost dropped my phone out of my hands as I'm walking back to my hotel room and I just stopped out of my tracks and I said what like that just it just never even cross my mind that I could even been in the mix or been competing for that pro card. And then I also realized oh my gosh I might win my pro card today. Oh my god I didn't even bring an outfit that I'd be happy to celebrate a pro card in and that's when it kind of sunk in and I realized. I counted myself out before I even got to New Jersey like I didn't even think I could win before I left and I it literally just didn't even occur to me until that very moment and then at that point it was like not mad at myself but it just lit this fire of. Okay stupid you got this like get out of your own head you don't have to second guess yourself don't listen to whatever anybody else is saying. own your own potential own every single opportunity. And then you have that confidence and know your worth and know that you belong up there so then after that competition we had three weeks until I PC USA's and that's where the fire was let and I lived every single day every single second of. That pro card is mine just manifesting in an every single way possible. Yeah it's self efficacy right the belief with full conviction that if I do the work the outcome will come right I'll be able to achieve this and it does take that they like and that's why we're strategic with our show is to will do those kind of tune up shows those build up shows where we're building confidence we're building momentum. Right you got to believe that what you're doing has a purpose and that you can achieve it and you're a perfect example of that I mean honestly I thought we were going to get the pro card that day and one beautiful thing about that. Is that one of the will say like that the haters or the critiques out there is that oh well pages are really good amateur but she doesn't have enough density to hang with you know the big girls on the national stage and one thing that you demonstrate there you were far from being the smallest girl in that first call out you were one of the biggest girls in that top five. That was that was like our. Wow fully crap we did this page like let's keep going right and I think it was Tyler to give us the feedback he was like Andre literally just bring her back just one percent tighter through the quads without losing her fullness and he's like I mean everything else is beautiful presentation was great posing is great. Really don't don't change much come back one percent tighter you know who's seeing Vegas or in LA and LA what in itself was an amazing amazing weekend you know we actually snack three out of four pro cards and it's one to remember so you know more of the story there is. I think that's the first thing that you know is believe with full conviction and you got to make sure that you're still executing and doing the work but going through the motions alone is not enough right you got to really believe and and accept the fact that you're ready for this you're ready to receive these blessings from the universe. That's a good segue to you know I want to get into a little bit of you know setbacks and failures things that help shape your mindset and I think that was huge part of it. But before we get there I want you to explain to our followers what the phrase what would a pro do means to you. So where did you come up with it what do you you know how does it inspire you and keep you motivated on the daily. Yeah yeah so this saying for me when I was an amateur I think is a big reason of how I've got to where I am now and how I continue to live an execute every single day. So essentially I heard someone say you know long time ago if you want to be a pro then you have to train like a pro eat like a pro do exactly what a pro would do because the funny thing is to. Having that I have to be pro title. Sure it it opens doors in the next level in terms of the level of competition you're competing at but when you look at my day to day life. Everything is exactly the same whether I was at the NPC level or now at the I have to be pro level because. You need to be executing all of your variables consistently every day and building up all of those daily wins over time and that's how you're going to. You're going to develop yourself develop your physique and actually make that progress working towards your best self your best goal and where you need to be done the line so for me it's a it's a daily reminder of. Executing every way that I can to become the best version of myself and something else I think about too is you know if I'm weighing options or trying to make a decision ultimately the question is. Is going to get you closer to your angle and you just have to stack up again like it's it's comes down to every single little decision that you make. Dacking up those wins over time and you're going to get you're going to get to your goal. Am I perfect absolutely not do I make mistakes absolutely all the time but the thing is one I learned from them. And I course correct going forward but also you have to again take a look at the bigger picture and if you have more wins. And then losses over time you're going to have an episode of and you're going to be able to work to that goal so. What would it produce it's it's at every single level and it's not just embody building it's an every aspect of life and and work in my relationships and. How I clean around the house it's you know it's all the it's how you do all the little things and executing those 100%. It's going to get you it's going to propel you and I request that to life. That's right it's it's the decisions right we are the combination of all the decisions that we make and those can really add up to some big things good or bad so I love that mindset and I think it resonates and that's probably probably why we clicked probably why we're both you know. First form athletes as well right because they have similar core values but do those little things with excellence and then always stop to ask yourself if you're in a. Difficult situation you're not sure you know which decision to make ask yourself what would have pro do and next year I think we're going to have to upgrade that to what wouldn't the living and do what do you think page. Oh boy just got chills thinking about it yeah. So it's about becoming you know what actions do I need to take today to become the person I need to be to reach the goal don't worry about reaching the goal what's the person I need to become to reach the goal right so what would have pro do. With that you know was there any moments throughout your entire career where you ever felt like giving up maybe this isn't for me you question yourself you know should I should I quit. And in those moments what did you do to push through. Yeah it's absolutely there was I mean more times than I can count that I wanted to quit or I feel like you know more for me to have just questioning like. Is it is that worth it and my good enough and am I going to get to my goals and for me my love for body building helps overcome overcome those like instances of just hardship or you know body building to there's so much sacrifice. And there's not you can find balance however there's not a lot of balance in terms of you can't eat whatever you want you can't just drop everything and you know take a spontaneous vacation when you're in prep and whatnot you have to play and I had for everything you have to pack your food. I have a very detailed schedule in terms of when I'm going to get all my workouts and everything so there's a lot of sacrifice that comes along with it but when I have those moments of doubt. I think back to everything that I've been able to accomplish and it's not even just like the overall wins or the pro card or whatnot. But you know it's each prep it's each off season it's every PR it's even just going to the gym and finishing a workout when I really don't want to I mentally exhausted or I'm physically exhausted or you know I have other family or personal things going on in my life and I just I don't let those things. keep me down and overcoming each one of those obstacles it's continuously proving to yourself that you can do this and execute and. I think the other thing too is. Nope now I just last but you're to thought. Yeah but I think it's it's really just showing yourself over time that you can do this and and it really is all worth it and. Also your your why has to be very strong to and that's that's also what's going to kind of carry you through those moments of doubt for me. A huge part of my why is showing other people that you can do the hard stuff in life and the things that again terrify you or that you think we're never possible for yourself. And showing yourself that and then showing others that and just inspiring and leading by example for me is huge so if I want to quit and if I do quit. Then what is that telling everybody else that they can give up on their goals and so leading by example and I mean for me to there's so many people that I watched coming up. And I think that's the way that you can do hard chips and struggles or you know losses in their family or whatever it was and seeing them over come it also gave me the strength so being able to give that strength to other people as well. Has been a huge motivator and it relates my fire on on a daily basis honestly. Yeah and we never know the people that we're inspiring right there's a lot of people following your journey. I think that's not even a thing twice but not even aware but you might be that one thing that's like helping guide them through a tough time so all that advice is excellent you know for people who are maybe falling short of their pro card maybe they have lost their why they you know it becomes work for them or become stressful for them. But you got to bring it back to the beginning why did I start down this path in the first place well you started down this path because you like working out you like being in shape you like maybe motivating those around you are helping other people going to shape. And when you root yourself in that framework you're going to be very successful for a lot longer right versus just chasing you know extrinsic things like a trophy which is nice don't give me long give me wrong I love me some trophies but that's not like the driving purpose right. The trophy for us is maybe like it's a secondary external validation right of like okay I'm accomplishing I'm progressing I'm doing better I'm accomplishing goals and checking boxes. But really you know it's our body and it's the people around us and it's the other things we're accomplishing in life that really matter most so remember your why if you guys are thinking about quitting and and you know you're not sure if this is for you if this is something you love doing your passion about it. Just put your all into it and maybe you just don't have the right coach maybe you don't have the right support system around you could be at home. You know you got to find that and in pages that's actually one thing we should touch on is you know something that we've built is community. And I think the support group the support system and circle of people we have like even in our team atoms network. Is vital to success like you're not on island you're not doing this by yourself you've got a whole team of people that are able to relate to you able to help motivate you on the days you don't feel like doing the work. How would you say that that's maybe benefit you or push to you differently than like your previous. Perhaps you know prior to team atoms. Yeah, it's a having the support community around me is huge you know having those people that you can relate to. Bodybuilding we're we're such a niche sport and a niche community and you know when I explain what I do to friends and family or co workers or whatnot. I am very very very very fortunate for having a very supportive and understanding support system for friends family and co workers. But when you're able to connect on just another level with other bodybuilders that get it and can relate to eating your cold chicken and broccoli and waking up at the crack at dawn to get in your cardio for an hour and then going to the gym for two hours and getting in more cardio and you know again of all the sacrifices that we make and all the. I'll say unique nuance things that we do and packing our food and just all the little things and for me eating mustard salads and whatnot. It's it's really helpful to have those people that you can connect and relate to and also share those struggles with. Because sharing the struggles again with people that aren't in the bodybuilding space. They can be supportive and they can tell you oh you got this you know you're almost there you can get through that cardio which is appreciated. But when you're venting to somebody that has been through that and has had like a day and prep where their energy is just tanked and they can barely put one foot from the other and now they're supposed to do 25 minutes of hit. In between their you know busy schedules and work and having everything else going on. When they tell you you got this you can push through. It resonates on such a deeper level so just having that sense of community is huge and the other thing I would say to is don't be afraid to share that you're struggling. I got neither with your drugs sports system or if you have other people within the industry and whatnot because I'm. I like say I'm a tough cookie Andrea knows this I tell him to push me harder I'm like run me into the ground take away on my food let's do more cardio let's let's do everything kind of thing and I don't always put myself first in terms of what I need physically and mentally and I just don't even acknowledge that I'm struggling sometimes so being able to. Tell people that you're struggling and just let that out for me I found that to be super helpful as well and just accepting. The help and support goes a huge a huge long way to. Yeah isn't it crazy it's like the same thing that makes us bodybuilding champions. Is the same thing that can you know ultimately run our bodies into the ground or be a weakness later on so it's like the stubbornness being bullheaded right the ability to just plow. Through because we're so disciplined right I don't care from tired on care from sore hungry I'm just going to pull those through this but then those are the things that sometimes set us up for failure later so. That's one thing maybe this is a good segue to talk about like even this year right this was your rookie pro season. Let's do like a quick kind of highlight because this was a aggressive timeline during the on season and mostly due to work so. You know we'll kind of circle back to like balancing you know work as a CPA and professional side but prep itself was pretty aggressive this year only because of the timeline and the level of competition right like we knew we can't come in here. The same way that we did for like an NPC show we've got to be significantly improved from where you were at during that pro card win. To be competitive on the pro stage and because of that we had to push a lot harder right the demands the inputs of prep were significantly more aggressive than other times in the past now if we would have had. 24 weeks to just like take our time and you know it's really kind of coast in the prep. A little bit different picture but the reality is there's oftentimes shows that we feel our strategic maybe they're just they're in our backyard like Chicago pro or maybe they're shows that we feel like all right. This show would be a really good fit for where you're at right now we think this love of competition the judging count whatever it might be and so that can kind of set our timeline. And things that we did to help manage not hitting emotional burnout not hitting physical burnout we trapped a lot of data so we told you guys earlier we're both type A's we love us some data and some of those things that we talked about in a recent episode with Dr. Indy Vaskas. For you guys that don't know we had a case example if you watched the YouTube video and page was actually our case example so the cats out of the back. But when we look at you know HRV trends resting heart rate trends what I was monitoring for page in this aggressive prep were signs and symptoms that we're approaching burnout or overreach. Whenever we did that right if we had three consecutive days where HRV starting to tank resting heart rate is starting to increase this gives us good insights that her. Adrenals and you know her central nervous system are not able to necessarily keep up with the demands of prep and so we would do those car bumps and. And the major is a very happy person whenever I would tell her page all right on day 30 I want you to add next to 40 to 50 grams of carbs. Believe me she was she was all smiles so but the main thing that we observed which is so fascinating is when we look at pages data as soon as we would reintroduce the carbs. Then we would see the heart rate variability actually skyrocket again resting heart rate homes itself back down and we're able to very very directly control not hitting that overreach. Now the tricky thing we talked about this at our seminar yesterday with actually call was sir but the tricky thing for page. We had like three or four major things happening at once one was let's prevent burnout two was let's get leaner through the legs per the judges feedback three was let's add density and get fuller through the upper body per the judges feedback right. So we have like all these major. Contrary indicated goals that we had to juggle and the effects of that was really getting. Surgeon with her nutrition her timing her rest days her car briefy days so car cycling if you will and the result was pretty amazing so throughout this process again just monitoring pages recovery and avoiding burnout. Her blood work actually looked really really good coming out of prep this season and one of the most rarest things that dr. and i have seen with all the athletes that we've worked with. Is page you are one of the first to actually hit true mixed oxidation with your mineral balancing and not only we're are you one of the first to do that but we did it while in the most aggressive prep of your life which is insane to me so. You know more of that story too is like there's a lot of things that we can monitor and track and support even during like aggressive prepped to make sure that our athletes are not burning out and you know page were a couple months I think we said nine weeks post show right now. About halfway into our full reverse improvement phase and I don't know if these you know if our viewers have been following if not go to pages Instagram. But her reverse is one of the best I've seen so far. I mean you're actually up we did your in body scan yesterday you're up like six to seven pounds of muscle. I mean the most recent body fat is like still close to stage which is insane so how are we feeling close show and how's your body him and all the extra food and you know just tell us how you're feeling. Yeah physically mentally feeling very good and even at the talent of prep. It was a very aggressive prep. I was honestly surprised I didn't feel worse and when I worked with my previous coach like I've had worse perhaps I before I sort of work with Andre. I felt that I had been proud like and that I just thought that's how it is like you just feel you know zapped of energy all the time and like you just can't you know your lifts are hard everything's hard you got brain fog everything is just difficult kind of thing and with the previous coach too. We pushed me harder took away more carbs brought up more cardio and physically I didn't I've looked a lot worse and I've been able to come in so much pressure fuller but still having that conditioning and then as I mentioned ending a prep feeling good and having my test results show that as well is kind of mind blowing honestly and it just speaks to you know when you're able to balance and manage those variables it makes a tremendous difference and that carried on into my off season for sure as well and I've also executed the plan the best that I have in a reverse phase which I think also just helped you know keeping my body and so sensitive and. Your hungry post shell like reverse diets are hard for many reasons one because you don't have the dry goal in front of yourself but too because your body's time you to eat. It's saying I'm hungry feed me and you're saying no not yet we need to do this slowly over time and decreasing all those output variables. Because I've been able to execute on that and stay very consistent on that my energy is just increased even more. I am feeling so strong in the gym all my lifts are you know I'm hitting k-r's feeling great sleep is so much better. Again, I didn't have much brain fog towards any way but now my brain is functioning as it should and I think the biggest thing to is just the energy that I have day to day. I see it now even in my YouTube videos as I'm filming those and editing those so. I just have a different level of energy to help that I did during prep that's that's 100% sure. Yeah, for sure and you're putting that energy to good use and other quick things I'll sprinkle in there too on top of all the testing and the monitoring and the check ins pages been very very consistent with self care or huge on that you know when we're coaching. So you've done like I think with Dr. Ben right you've done a lot of the. Stimther p-dry needling and body work type of things to help keep your body functioning and just really self assessing like all right. I'm feeling off I'm feeling you know my hamstrings type my shoulders tight like you're getting ahead of it instead of waiting until it becomes an imbalance or an actual injury later on. Also a very very integral part and then even just a little things that you can do at home for all you listeners out there self care strategies some of our favorites will just list them off we're going to do things like red light. Therapy we're going to do up some salt fats we're going to do infrared sauna there again right there's a lot of very inexpensive things that you can do right from home to keep your body functioning at those optimal levels. So I know we're running a little bit short on time, but I want to make sure we squeeze this next point in because it's an important one, maybe the most important one is how do you balance your professional life and we'll just throw home life in there too professional in home life with the demands of crap and training and all this good stuff is bodybuilders. Yeah, it's been an evolving process of learning how to do it and I've learned along the way that you cannot give 100% to everything for a long time. I didn't I wouldn't let myself realize that and comprehend that and I would try to again give a 100% to work and a 100% bodybuilding and still try to show up for my friends my family my husband and everything. And you have to realize that there are different seasons and phases of life. So when I'm in prep that that takes priority. And for me, I plan my crops around the busier time, certain work. So I work in public accounting as an auditor. I don't do taxes have to say that every, every one thing that you do taxes, but I have busier time during the year depending on when my clients are filing. And so I plan ahead of time when I'm going to have the prep where I can dedicate the time that I need to into the prep inputs and then when I'm not in prep. Then I have more capacity to give to my friends and family or give to work or give to those other aspects. So it's a lot of give and take. And it's also for me again type a type a plus plus I would say I had a very rigid schedule and so whatever that looks like for you setting up your systems in place in order to proactively manage your workflow and what you have happening during the week. Plotted out on your calendar, put your workouts in your calendar, hold yourself accountable to that and for me too, another thing that I've learned and gotten a lot better at is things take a lot longer than you imagine that they're going to. So making sure that you allocate enough time ahead of time to get everything done and don't over schedule yourself. And schedule time for those self-care activities because if your take is empty you can't take care of yourself you can't take other people care of other people you can't show up for your work your friends your family your everything so you do have to take care of yourself along with everybody else. That's right and that's excellent advice guys it's it's a juggling it's a balancing act you know I've been there too as you know back when I started as a single dad with two baby girls right my girls were one in three back then. Now I was working full time was in engineer traveling trying to go back to night school trying to coach a few people and then trying to prep for the Olympia. And you will tend to burn yourself out like so to pages point these things, absinit they haven't flow right you've got to be able to adapt and give yourself a hundred percent to each one of these things at some point because if you spread yourself to thin you're just going to not really do well at anything right. So you got to find that happy balance and the key takeaways from all that is really patience consistency and then focusing on mental toughness. Page setbacks are not the end right it's the foundation of success and I think your journey proves that perseverance and belief in the process can lead to the ultimate breakthrough by elevating both mind and body. And page where we're going to wrap up in a moment here and tell our followers where they can find you but before we do that I want to see a women's physique front of a bicep we're going to have a. All YouTube watches give me your best front of a bicep page. All right let's see if I still have it. I still have it in me. Yeah there it is. All right. All right so page tell our followers where they can find you give them your Instagram your your YouTube because I really want to make sure that we get your vlog out there it's a really fun series. Yes, yes, so both Instagram tiktok in YouTube or all page words underscore ifbb pro and on all the social media platforms and yeah I've been putting out vlogs every single week still been doing it all the way through the prepping and now into the oxies and so I'd love to have you guys falling along I've I talk a lot about mindset on there I share how I manage my busy schedule and get it all done and I'm here to lead by example and help you guys with your journey so if you have any questions if you're struggling with anything. My DMs are always open. So feel free to reach out I'm more than happy to share my insight with you guys as well. All right thank you page and guys make sure you head on over there and check her out because again you're going to learn all kind of fun stuff and page doesn't excellent job of highlighting a lot of the day to day things that go into a bodybuilding prep because it's not just pump an iron and slamming protein shakes right it's all about. Real decisions that we have to make in a daily basis to prepare for these things so check her out and then you guys of course know where to find me you can find me on both Instagram and YouTube at Andre Adams underscore official. You can also email me at training by Dre at gmail.com and then you can get a hold of me either through Andre Adams official dot com or my alternate website which is just team Adams prep dot com and if you guys learned anything new today if you enjoyed this episode. Please do us a favor and share with at least one friend that you think might benefit from this content and let's inspire them to get in shape and keep it going guys thank you all so much for joining in to the NSM peak physique podcast we will see you guys soon. you

=== FILE: Behind Every Step Understanding the Achilles Tendon & Injury Prevention [FR9s6e5H9Uw].txt ===

Coming up on random fit, I, Wendy Bats, what along with my co-host, Ken Miller, we're going to talk about behind every step the important role of the Achilles tendon. On this episode, Wendy and I will talk about Achilles. What is it? How to maintain good health and things we can do to make sure that we stay away from injury. So I hope you like the episode everybody and like, follow, subscribe, download and let us know what you think. Take care and happy listening. You're listening to random fit with host, Wendy Bats and Ken Miller, winner of a gold mark on award for digital media. Hello everyone, welcome to random fit. I am Wendy Bats here with my co-host and friend, Ken Miller, Ken. How's it going? Great, Wendy. I'm good. I'm going to add a thing about that for say, how are you? I am doing excellence. This week we're actually going to talk about this really extremely important tendon that we have been hearing a lot about unfortunately on the news and one that's very vital for upright movements and basically any time our foot hits the ground, it's, it's placed an important role. We're going to talk about behind every step and the critical role that the Achilles tendon plays on that role and yeah, I'm ready to dive in, Ken, how about you? I am because I have a friend who has a special interest in this topic considering he just tore his Achilles. I mean, that's the unofficial situation with my buddy. But it's strong suspicion that that is the case. So he's going to be listening to this episode once if not twice or three times. So yeah, I don't know about you, Wendy, but I'm sure you've had clients. You've had patients, friends. No, no, I never had clients, by the way. But I know people who were my clients would not have been in that situation. Unfortunately, we've seen it a lot, especially in basketball this season, injuries that were one right after. Now, and of course, when we think about an Achilles tendon, especially in ruptured, someone tore their Achilles. So we want to talk about what the Achilles tendon is. It is basically that strong, fibrous band of connective tissue that connect your two key muscles. So your gastrocnemius and your soleus, which are your two, two calf muscles, that blinth and to this tendon that attaches to your heel bone. So they'll call it sometimes the calcaneal tendon because your heel bone is called your calcaneus. And oftentimes, when we have really tight calves, we don't have motion or heel bone, which is as if you kind of play around with your foot, your heel bone should move. And if it's very sticky or it doesn't move because it's very stiff, then there's a lot of like tendons and muscles and everything that's around that that when it gets locked down, can cause big time issues, especially when you're doing something that is requiring you to do this explosive repetitive motion and your body isn't prepared for that. So that's, unfortunately, why we're seeing more of these ruptures and tears. And I mean, you, and you mentioned what's above the heel bone or the calcaneus, right? It would be Achilles and as it relates to the calf muscles, you talked about the gastrocnemius soleus, but if you actually stream down, if you go downstream from the heel down to the forefoot, you also have those, those muscles under the foot, right, that make up the foot arch. So that's, that's the other part. So when you talk about tightness in the calf, just as important and really doesn't get as much attention through it all is also the foot muscles as well, just because of the connection through that heel bone. So that that tension is going to be shared both up your Achilles tendon as well as downward from the Achilles tendon. So I don't know when the if you've ever done anything towards paying attention to the foot, but that's, that's a spot that gets ignored quite a bit. So there is this muscle way too much information, but if you look at the bottom of your foot, there's that big tendon that's kind of right underneath the ball of your foot that goes underneath the medial arch that you're talking about, called reflex or halicus longus. So people will call it the F-H-L for short, just because he wants to say that all day. But yes, I mean, that's the one when I talk about the first big, you know, the big toe being one of the most important joints of your body, especially if you do a lot of pushing off that obviously crosses that area too, that goes into your calf. And so when you're looking at all these little muscles that you're talking about, can obviously that make up the saddle, the things that have to happen throughout, that go around your Achilles tendon, which again, is that one that I'm talking about. There's a lot of things that are happening at the foot, and there's a lot of little bones in there too that can easily get kind of stuck or locked down just because of the shoewear or just because of tightness and what we do on the day to day. So when you're thinking about, you know, your calf muscles, you've got to think about the force that your calves transmit, especially as we're prelling ourselves forward. So when you're thinking of the Achilles tendon, as you point your toe down, we call that plan or flexion, right? So when you're pointing your toe down, obviously the Achilles tendon is helping with that. When you're pushing off, like off the ground when you're walking and running and jumping, again, Achilles tendon is making that happen with your calves. And then of course, climbing the stairs. Again, you're raising it onto your toes, cap raises, things like that. So those are the force transmissions that are happening throughout that tendon. And that's a lot, guys, especially because think of your body weight. And then the excess force of jumping and learning to slow yourself down. We've done a lot of podcasts on Ren of Fit talking about he's celebration and being able to control that force. And if you don't have control, that's when we start to see, unfortunately, some of these negative things happening to that tendon. And the rehab is, it's going to take some time. It takes, yeah, and age is a factor when it comes to the rehab side of things. So with, it just the fact that our all ways can always. A, age, weight, conditioning, hydration, nutrition, all of that. They're all factors. But when you talk, when you talk about force transmissions, so what does it mean? You talked about climbing stairs, jumping, but it takes something as simple as walking. So when, you know, just the other day, I was talking to my client about their Achilles. And he was having this, this little issue with his Achilles again. We're not talking about injury on this episode. But you know, he had a little something going on. But I had to explain to him, is like, why am I feeling this? I mean, I'm doing the same thing. So I go, well, you did change one thing. You're walking more. You're significantly walking more now than you were three months ago. And I also had to tell him, I also, I told him to bump up the intensity a little bit. So instead of walking, walking with a more walking casually, I should say, I told him, walk more with a brisk pace, work on your posture, eyes up, head up, looking straight ahead, good arm swing. But pick up your pace. And then he started to feel little something around the medial side of the Achilles. And he goes, I didn't do anything different. I got, no, you actually did. And as innocuous as it may be, walking is a big tension producer through the Achilles. So it's not just about jumping and climbing stairs or even changing direction, which the Achilles has definite role in all of those. But just watch yourself walk. If you were to watch somebody walk across the street and you're walking, walking them from the side, you'll see that as that foot hits the ground. And they're rolling from heel to toe. That leg, that hip is swinging over that foot. So as the hip is coming over, that foot is, as you said, when it's going through that ankle, door seat flexion. So the toe is getting closer to the knee on the front side. And that's where that force is transmitted. So when we talk to our clients or if you're an exerciseer, who's listening to both Wendy bats and I can't remember here on random fit, there is definite tension that's coming across the bottom of the foot, up the Achilles into the calf. And of course, all that kind of loads up all the way through the hip. But something as as innocent, I guess we'll call it as as walking, either increasing the distance, increasing the time, increasing the speed, that's definitely going to put more tension on the Achilles. So just say, you know, even something just as simple as walking, tension is definitely being transmitted through the Achilles. So don't think like you have to be an athlete, you know, running, jumping, sprinting. It's just walking, puts tension through that whole lower, lower leg complex. Well, and I think what you're talking a lot about, too, is when we're thinking about the shock absorption of the tendon and the energy stores it. So think, guys, when your foot hits the ground, you're storing the elastic energy. So when you make contact, that's the eccentric load, right? Your body's coming down onto it. So you're slowing yourself down as you approach the ground. Well, then, as you push off, so you know, you're pushing off into that walking pattern that you were just talking about, that's releasing more of a concentric contraction, meaning that you're producing the force to move yourself or propel yourself forward. So yeah, you just talked about force transmission. That's a huge critical role. When now we just talked about shock absorption and the energy storage in order to store what we need in order to make that movement happen. But I think a lot of times, too, we really don't think about the, we talk about balance and stability a lot. We do in our programming and we have a section of just balance because we're really looking at the foot and ankle complex. If you have a weak arch in your foot, like if you look at your foot when you're just glancing down and you see that you have an arch in your foot, then you don't have flat feet. So yet, when you stand, if you notice that those arches disappear, then you just have a lot of weakness within your foot complex. And that can be changed, but it takes a lot of time. Just like when you go to the gym, if you want to see your body change, you have to force yourself to work on balance and force yourself to build that arch back up, especially because you know you should have one. There's a lot of, not a lot of people will are born with flat feet. Are there, yes, there are people that from birth have never had an arch and their doctor will say you have a child with flat feet. Unfortunately, more people are like, oh, I just have flat feet, but they don't. It's just what they think they do because they just look at what their foot's doing when it's standing. So you want to think too that when we're talking about the Achilles tendon, it supports your ankle stability within the foot ankle complex, and especially when you're doing any kind of weight-bearing movements, which is just standing, especially balancing doing anything. But if you start to think about adding speed and you don't have good foot alignment or good arch alignment, and you don't have strength within your foot, and your calves are tight, think about the tug of war that's going on within that tendon that's crossing like we just said from from the calves and the heel that's no longer doing what it's supposed to do by stabilizing and moving, then when you're cutting and you're pivoting and you're changing directions and stuff, we're going to end up having more more tension placed upon that tendon, that if you just start to do some balance stability work, you could actually that shouldn't be an issue because you're working on an program to help that, I keep it from happening if you are. Yeah, so I think you're saying that in Wendy, do more single-leg work? Did I say that? Yes. I think it did. Yeah, it is, and again, it's easy to talk about moving, going from aid to be, being in one place, moving into another space, but we also have to think about what level of control do we have just standing there? And again, with that same conversation with my client about his Achilles and what's going on, one of the things that we had to talk about was the fact that when it comes to the gate cycle, just walking across the room, when you're walking 85% of your gate cycle that's you taking one step in front of the other, 85% of that gate cycle is on one foot. The only time when you have both feet on the ground, when walking, is that 15% when you have that toe that's about to lift off and that heel just that head just hit the ground. And then everything else, once that toe is off and you're taking that swing phase, that's when you're on one foot and you're on one foot, 85% of that gate cycle. Now, when you're running and this is the other thing out of talent, because it's like, well, you can't master walking first when it comes to managing tension through the Achilles. Then we really don't have a right to run yet, because now the intensity increases, right? You have the impact. You can have up to 12 times bodyweight when jumping, right? But when you're now running, 100% of your running cycle is on one foot. So that control that you mentioned when you're being on one foot, that single-legged control through the foot and the ankle. If you're a runner, though it may not have experienced any pain, just think of all the stress that you're putting through the foot and ankle. And if it is a matter of now thinking from a preventative standpoint or risk management, if you will, these are the things that we need to start looking at when it comes to the health of the Achilles, health of the calf, health of the foot, and managing flexibility and range of motion. Well, and I mean, like I said, a lot of times we've seen a lot of this on the news. And, fortunately, I'm not saying it just happens in basketball players, but we did see almost two back to back, which we hadn't seen in a really long time. And, you know, when I started looking at some of the research, and I saw that it was 12.5 times bodyweight when you're sprinting. I mean, think about how much you're sprinting and then cutting and changing direction just in that one sport alone, not including things like lacrosse and soccer and all these other in pickleball and tennis. I mean, and I want to go into a little more detail, Ken, on why, you know, when we're looking at the Achilles 10 and why is that so prone to injury over some of the other tendons that we have within our body. But before we do that, I would just want to say that this week's episode of Ran of Fit is brought to you by NASM1, the membership for trainers and coaches, members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources, get the edge-app and schedule and program clients, enjoy hop-off all certifications and specializations, access free CEUs and more. All this for just $35 a month. Go to nasm.org, 4-4-6 membership to learn more about NASM1. So, Ken, you know, when we talk about the Achilles 10 and we're talking about it, right? I mean, it is something that we're hearing more and more about why is it prone to injury? Pick a point, right? I mean, for one. It's been about one. So, it's already think about what we've been talking about. It's just because that is at transitional spot between the ankle and the leg, right, or the foot and the leg. So, that's a lot of, a lot of force coming through one specific area. So, that's, I mean, that's a big part, right? And you brought a pickleball, you mentioned pickleball and, you know, when I'm in that age and demographic of people that started being athletic later in life, so from that standpoint, I hear it all, I hear the complaints, my hips, my knees, my foot, my ankle, my heel, and all that stuff. But I'm thinking, listen, you haven't done anything since before you started having kids. You haven't done anything since, you know, you got the last two promotions and think about it. You're going from your computer, your desk, your couch, from doing nothing, you know, you're going from zero to 60 and, you know, in two weeks and your body was not meant to take on that much load of that fast. So, I think the idea of being active and being agile and changing directions and doing something your body hasn't done. As a lot of stress to that one little structure, I think that that's one big part when you start to look at the Achilles, I don't say it's a, you know, a rash of Achilles injuries, but it's up there. Yeah, well, and I mean, I wanted to kind of dive deeper into, you know, when I was like looking into it, because I'm always asking, and we tell people this too, ask the why, why, why, why. And it's like when I really started to kind of dive deeper, you know, when you're looking at the Achilles itself, it has poor, this is what I pulled for some of the research, it has four blood supply, especially two to six centimeters above the heel. So, that is the most common ruptures zone. And I didn't know, I mean, I just thought the Achilles tendon, but I didn't know there was a common ruptures zone. So, it's about two to six centimeters above the heel. So, if you look at your own and you can see that little area, that's usually where most of the ruptures do occur. And it's really degeneration over time. So, when there's been a lot of stress over repetitive motion, with that good alignment, with overactive calves, with not good movement, within the whole foot complex, over time, it's just like the rest of our bodies, you know, wear and tear is going to start to cause, um, to an apathy, starting to cause more pain in the foot, some people get neuropathy, meaning the nerves and their foot goes numb. There's a lot of things that start to happen when we're not and just think when you start adding high loads of sudden or explosive movements, such as fronting or changing direction or crossing the street, and you haven't, like you just said, you've been very sedentary and not really training for those types of movement patterns, and you have poor alignment within the foot complex, you're setting yourself up for failure. And that's why we want to talk about this because I'm not saying it's an easy fix and not saying, you know, if you do what we're saying, you know, this can help, but I think just the awareness because again, I learned something new all the time and when I saw there's the ruptured zone, I was like, yeah. Um, you know, so I find it fascinating, but if you've ever seen it, it's really hard to watch because if you have a full blown tear, as you actually see, you know, when you've got the two calves on each side, right? You've got the two balls that you see on on the calf complex, and then you see the tendon. When that tendon ruptures, if your ruptures both, you'll literally see the calf, almost like a blind go up. It's like it just rupt. And it just becomes two balls at the top and your foot is just dangling. And as no control, and it's really hard to watch and literally on the surgical side, they have to go in, refine the two, and then come and tack it back to the heel. And that's why you're in a boot, you're not able to move. There's a lot of, there's a lot of steps to get you back into the motions that you're used to doing on the day-to-day, let alone on the explosive side. So, you know, it's one of those things where if you're not taking care of your calves and you're not actually working on your foot strength in alignment, you really need to start doing it now because these ruptures are occurring more and more at younger ages than ever before as well. Right. And I think that that example of playing pickleball after not doing anything, so you think it should task in your chair. But I think the bigger, the bigger side of that statement is the fact that you have somebody who's now older, right? They're not, they're not in their teens, they're not in their 20s, maybe. Now they're in their 30s, you know, in their 40s. And now they're trying to be active. So you're talking about, you know, a decade or two of rigidity, right, that buildup of that stiffness within that, within that the kill is tendon. And now you're trying to be active. And if age is a big, age is a big factor, especially when you add age and the sedentary lifestyle and a weight gain. Because like you said, when you 12 and a half times your body weight, now if you put 10 more pounds from the last time that you tried to sprint, right, that's 120, 120 pounds more pressure. 125 more pounds of pressure that's coming through the Achilles. So those are things to be aware of too. If you're somebody who's, you're not, you're not the spring chicken anymore. But now, you know, you will consider, yeah, consider how mobile you are, consider your age, your timeline, timeline you are in your life. And what it is that you're actually physically trying to do. So those are all factors. Those are some of the factors that go into it. But age age is a situation we need to consider. And you know, we have to eat a piece of humble pie and make sure that we take the right steps. Well, and I think too when you're looking at some of the ricasas and some of these different contributing factors like you just said, you know, obviously there's the sports of somebody that's sedentary, obviously age that you just mentioned. But I think it's also really important to think about, you know, specializing in a sport at a young age. And that repetitive stress that you're putting on your body, you're doing these high impact movements or sprints or changing directions. And if you focus on a single sport, which I know we've talked about, you know, the importance of doing multi sports, especially until you hit a certain age, we had Grant Hill, obviously that joined us on one of our random fits. And he was saying he wouldn't let or his father, who was an NFL player, would not let him play football and, you know, just football. And so he didn't choose his quote sport until he was like 16 or 17. Because he wanted him to be good at different sports. And and that's super important too for our muscles to learn how to move in different directions and our different stresses on different terms or fields or courts or whatever the MAB. But when you're doing the same thing over and over and over, you're getting this micro trauma that's constantly developing. And if you're not taking care of it right by eating right, recovering right and making sure you've got good alignment, that's why I think some of this we're seeing at a younger age is because parents are putting people, my kid just plays back or baseball. I mean, I'm sorry, fall is green, but they wanted him to play in the fall. I mean, in the summers, well, we're like, great. So we did everything besides baseball. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's important. I did the same thing with my son, you know, he's he loves baseball. So spring, that's his sport. But then he's done he's with a basketball team right now and and, you know, baseball is knocking on the door. You just had trials. I hear you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Keep keeping it diverse. You mean, you're playing there when he is right on. Yeah. And I think but where to, you know, when we talk about sports, but it's not even, you know, people were transitioning into barefoot training and I think barefoot training is important. I just talked about the importance of training, the art of your foot. And if you wear a super supportive shoe, your art is get lazy, right? Because the art is built into the shoe. So you really don't have to really stress or work those muscles. But if you go from that into an extreme to no arch support and you have weak muscles, then you're obviously not doing sending yourself up to success or forced success. And they'll tell you even in the directions of barefoot shoes, like you want to wear them a little bit at a time until your foot starts to adapt and you start to build strength back into that arch for better alignment. But, you know, if you're in a certain sport where you've got a lot of ankle movement or cutting and your your foot's not strong, you know, our low tops better than high tops or mid tops. I mean, all of that's going to be important to discuss with the coaches. It all depends on the sport. I don't think one shoe is better than another. But obviously if you need some certain tennis shoe for tennis court, you should be wearing a tennis shoe and not just a running shoe that you're going to go play tennis in because that's supporting the actual type of court, if you will, because they make certain shoes for certain sports for a very specific reason. And it's to ensure good footing alignment and then obviously just try to help where there needs to be stability in the shoe. Hopefully it's being provided by getting a good pair of shoe for that particular sport. I think a big point to that Wendy is when it comes to clients. I mean, and I know you get your share of clients that as well. You look at their shoes and like are you wearing a running shoe to a workout session and like you may not say like that, but when I think that I'll say is like, well, do you have another pair of footwear athletic footwear that you can wear when you're in here? Because you'll get those clients that will come in. I mean, in their new clients and, you know, they haven't been educated otherwise, but they might come in and run their shoe with a very thick heel, very elevated heel. But if I want you to do, let's say lateral or turning movements, your shoe is built for you to go in one direction. And that's straight ahead. Right? So making sure that the footwear, not like what you're talking about Wendy with, the amount of heel raise, but also considering the amount of cushioning, right? The amount of padding or a lot of which will kind of help you figure out, you know, are you are you better able to go lateral? Is it's even safe to go, loudly or even turning direction? So I think that consideration for footwear, especially if you go to a good shoe store, especially an athletic shoe facility that maybe they they watch your gate, maybe you try on a few different pairs of shoes. And if you share with the representative or the sales person and then you tell them what you're going to do, they might have some recommendations. So they're not just there to sell shoes, a lot of times they are educated. I've got a really good athletic foot store around where I live. And they actually know what they're they they're very educated on the shoes and and what it is you're trying to do. And you know, the key is you know, try them out, try out different brands, different shoes styles, because they might like what you said Wendy with, if you're playing tennis, I mean there's pickle balls shoes, there's tennis shoes, there's rack of balls, you know, the sport is the sport, but try to shoot whether or not the shoes labeled for that sport. Try it out. I have clients that try different styles of shoes and some actually help relieve some of the tension they might experience through the Achilles calf and foot. Oh, 100%. And you know, I think one of the the final ones that people I think don't think about because I and what's it kind of came up on like, oh yeah, that one's that one's a big one. I think sometimes we forget about medications. As a trainer, we can all of the medications in the very beginning, what we're doing, the subjective information and we're sitting down with our client, we're learning more about, you know, what their goals are, but then also their health history, family history and any kind of meds that they're on. And guys, it's really important to think there are certain antibiotics in different types of steroids that are out there. They can actually start to weakens your tendons. And so if somebody is sedentary, they're on these certain types of medications, you want to look at those and make sure that you're familiarizing yourself with those. Because again, hopefully, if you notice that you've done an assessment, there are some compensations based on those pattern movements that maybe aren't or the movement patterns, the quality of movements that they're, we're not going to have them go and do something explosive or running and cutting. But if we know that they have weak arches, we know that they're going to put putting a lot of stress on it. We're not going to be doing some of these metabolic blasts that we talked about in the very beginning because we need to ensure that we've got good alignment and it's not just alignment and making sure that the right muscles are firing at the right time. We also need to make sure that we have good, you know, the tendon health, the muscular health, the recovery, all of that place in important roles and ensuring that we're not setting our clients up for failure and it does play a critical role, especially with that Achilles tendon because we're standing up usually and that's tendons on stress. So yeah and I think the other part, the other side of that Wendy is that if we are talking about medications, the one thing that as a personal trainer or even you yourself as an exerciseer, you want to know, okay, well talk to the doctor and they may or may not know some of the side effects like you said Wendy with that the weakening of connective tissue, let's just say, so one, know why they're on that medication and see make sure you're not making their situation worse but for two, the doctor may or may not know the full extent of some of the side effects that come with that medication. So there's been times where you know I'll just go on and do a search on a certain medication if I'm not familiar with it, you know, outside of like beta blockers and things that you know have some traditional side effects but I want to know, okay what else do I need to be concerned with when it comes to a medication? So this is just more of a broader understanding of understanding medication. So to your point, when it comes to the Achilles, yeah we need to know again, can this drug that's there to help them feel better actually make them worse? Yes. Yes. We definitely don't want to make them make her. We do not want to make them worse. But Wendy, I think I mean with the Achilles, if you are, so for you as a listener on random foot on this episode when we're talking about the Achilles behind just you know, if you are experiencing issues and you don't know what it is, go get it checked out. Right. If you have a personal trainer and make sure that you get a session you get evaluated for movement efficiencies and if there's something going on with your foot position, your ankle position, your knee position hips, just think okay well how can this be contributing to my stress that I'm feeling in that region of the body. So Wendy, I learned a lot doing research for this and I appreciate your insight. But I think it's something that we do need to pay attention to. We oftentimes get, you know, get locked in on what's happening at the little back, what's happening at the shoulders. But you know what? That part of your body that's way down there by the foot means equal attention. So for those of you, listening to both Wendy bats and I can Miller here on random foot. Thank you so much for your time. Hope you got something out of this episode talking about the Achilles and Achilles health. So like, follow, subscribe, download, share. Give us a five out of five rating when and where you can. And more importantly, let us know what other topics you want us to talk about on other future episodes of random foot. So until next time everybody, take care and be well.

=== FILE: Beyond Macros How Biochemical Therapy Revolutionizes Contest Prep & Recovery [KrrzCV9I8pI].txt ===

Hey guys, it's Coach Andrey Adams here. I'm so excited for you guys to listen into this next episode. It's an update on our biochemical therapy or mineral balancing with Dr. Indigo Vesquez. We're going to be breaking down HTMA client progress and status updates. Case examples. What are those strategic actions and tools we're using for our athletes? And again, just how can we optimize total performance, health and wellness, especially on prep? I hope you guys really enjoy this episode. Be sure to like, follow and subscribe, and we'll see you guys soon. New year listening to the Peak Physique podcast with Andre Adams on the NASM podcast network. Hey everyone and welcome back to another exciting episode of the NASM Peak Physique podcast. I'm your host, Andre Adams, NASM Master Trainer and IFBB Physique Olympian. If you guys recall a few episodes back, we've had a very good friend of mine on and we were talking about mineral balancing, HTMA analysis, which is heritage, mineral analysis, and also what we like to call biochemical therapy. So today we've got a special treat for you. I'm welcoming back to the show, Dr. Indigo Vesquez and we're going to break down everything you need to know about HTMA. Welcome back, Dr. Indie. How are we feeling? Good. Happy to be here. Yeah, you know, I think in back it's been around a year or so since we did that first episode and I know we did like one little kind of, you know, status check in. I think I used myself as the case example there. We talked about metabolic oxidation types and you know, just high level, what does mineral balancing do? How can we apply to athletes? So I'd say over the last year and a half, you and I have learned quite a bit. And I'm excited to share our case examples today. So we've seen some fantastic improvements, some really neat recombs. It's going to be fun to show everyone the numbers. Yeah, for sure. And for you guys that are watching on YouTube for this episode, you're in for a special treat because we actually prepared a slide deck so you can also get a visual as we're talking through some of these statistics and things that we've been focusing on with our athletes over the past year and a half. With that, we're going to dive right in. We've got our slide deck put together and again today we're going to really classify this as biochemical therapy. It is high level doctor and why do we call it biochemical therapy? Because we are really working with biochemistry, right? We are putting together very complex simple. I think in my mind, it may be superficially simple, but it's very complex metabolic support. And it is from biochemistry. Yeah, and you know, there's that one chart. I know you've sent this to me recently where it shows all the different minerals and your interactions. And if you guys are interested, this is fascinating stuff, depending on how deep down the rabbit hole you want to go. But you can always email us after this too. Dr. Indy and myself would be more than happy to share some additional information on all this fun stuff. So just pre-fapping, you know, you guys know who I am obviously. But now I hope you know who Dr. Indy is. And together, we've been building something really special with our mineral balancing group that we've been working on, which is not exclusive to athletes. But we've been shifting our focus this year specifically on integrating these practices into our competition preps for athletes. So over a few of what we're going to cover today, we're going to recap HTML client progress and tracking. I'm so excited to share some of those examples from this year. Several of those are our own athletes and others that, you know, maybe are just really good case examples to follow because we do get a variety of people that come to us with different issues. However, although everyone is unique and different, we do start to see certain trends and common denominators among athletes. So we'll dive into case examples what strategic actions did we take based off of what we're seeing on those intake tests. And then what are those test tools and resources look like, where do we start, right? When somebody's just not feeling good or they're struggling out prep, what tests can be run and shared with your provider practitioner to get to the root cause, right? That's what we're here for. All right, so with that, indeed, the way I'd like to kick it off today is going into progress tracking. So we've got two clients that we've identified. One is myself. I'm going to take that male client because again, you guys have been following my journey for the last year or so and it's kind of fun to show the updates of, you know, real data. What are we doing with this and how are we moving the needle? How is everybody feeling and what are those most importantly? What are those physique outcomes? So client one is actually a female client, one of our athletes. We're going to talk about, you know, prep background and then just prep is some of the issues coming into prep this year. But also throughout a very aggressive prep. We had some challenges and timelines and things like this, you know, that caused some other symptoms downstream like GI distress, you know, some outliers and the health biomarkers. So we're going to talk about what did we identify in those patterns, what were our testing methods and then most importantly what practical solutions did we implement throughout the course of prep. All right, so for that one, I'm going to have you take us away on this one, indeed. Let's let's talk about this particular patient kind of where she started at and throughout prep, you and I will talk about from your perspective, my perspective. My perspective, what things did we do to help manage, you know, her stress and keep her progressing. Yes, and I see this a lot in. Well, both male and female athletes where we start in fast oxidation and what that means is that the body is still keeping up with the demands of stress. You can see on the initial test that the calcium and magnesium was a little bit approaching the low side. So we we were strategic about, you know, how much fat we gave this athlete how we supplemented. We knew that she was going into a pretty aggressive prep. I think the next couple of months moving forward after this test, it had become pretty aggressive. And as a result, when we when we retested, we saw her start to slip into the slower oxidation, which means her metabolism was going into a preservation mode. Her digestion was slowing down energy was kind of running out essentially. And we were able to to transition her supplements into a more strict strategized slow oxidizer slow oxidizer and help her digestion and help keep her feeling energized and recomping well responding to. Yeah, and this is an iterative process. So for us, we're part of that healing team where we worked together to help athletes and each client really navigate these challenges on prep. Because for one, every prep you do is going to be different. You're going to run in a different physiological responses different time sensitivity. This is a perfect example of where, you know, a very aggressive work schedule kind of dictated a very short. And we're going to have a consider a short prep timeline this year. And we'll talk about kind of starting an ending points to us. We get later on to the slide deck, but we had roughly 35 to 40 pounds of weight loss. We had to get off in about 12 weeks. That's a tough prep, right? And this is where an I can be approached age, not a regional NPC stage. So to in these point, like things that we're looking for, we almost expect some of this shift to happen with the metabolic oxidation type. And for you, it's, it's a matter of looking at not just the levels of each of these minerals, but also the ratios. And this can help you identify what the stress responses and where are we trending, right? How can we avoid burnout or overreach? Yes, and you can actually see in the test in this fast oxidizer state that calcium to potassium ratio. You see how those bubbles are in that low range. That tells me and it's counterintuitive as we've, you know, learned that this tells me that the thyroid is actually keeping up with the demand of stress at this time. However, we're approaching, you know, metabolic imbalance. Then you can see on the slow oxidizer side, calcium to potassium, see how those bubbles are in the high range. That means that the thyroid is no longer able to keep up with the demand of stress. So it seems counterintuitive, right? However, we were able to adjust supplements to help her thyroid stay working optimized. I like to call it hot metabolism. You could see right there. The actual, the right underneath the sodium to magnesium ratio. It slipped. You see how that. And now it's in the low range. So we had to dive into more adrenal support, aggressive thyroid support. So it's really neat to see. No guessing. You know, you could be very strategized. And this, my friends, is the importance of retesting every three months. Because we could put together the perfect strategy for you while you're in this fast oxidation oxidizer state. But three to six months goes by and you start to slip into mixed or slow oxidation, right? And so we can get ahead of it by, you know, retesting. Otherwise, we might be continuing our therapy from the fast oxidizer state and it's just not appropriate for you anymore. And it gets stuck. Yeah, you can actually even see we had suspected that there might be some GI distress, you know, and we could see that in that phosphorus level, which I think is really, really neat. That in in that fast oxidation state, see how close line the optimized line that phosphorus level is moving into slow oxidation, see how it start to come down. And so we said, okay, let's be mindful. If you start to have some GI distress, you're not going to the bathroom every day. And this is exactly why and this is exactly how to correct it. Yeah, and this is good because again, it gives us as coaches and practitioners the chance to be proactive instead of always reactive, right, on aggressive 12 week prep. We don't want to put ourselves in a position where four weeks out, we're waiting for symptoms to hit and then trying to play catch up. When we can see these things coming down the pipeline, phosphorus is tanking, right? We're starting to see sodium and potassium dumping from the drain oils. This is a situation where we actually didn't see a huge spike in calcium, but oftentimes we'll see that as well, right, calcium, shell, starting to approach. We can get ahead of things before they become bigger issues. So this is like, this is our roadmap, I like to say, you know, between this, our blood work, our human body, these are all tools that are very affordable. And if you're working with a good practitioner team, you can really elevate your prep to the next level. So we talked about this particular athlete shifting from fast into slow oxidation during really the early to mid part of this aggressive prep. And, you know, she is one tough cookie. It doesn't matter how hard it is, she's one of those athletes that's going to grind it out and do what is good done. And I'm in the tores for that myself, but the reality is we can only put so much demand and stress on our body. And to your point after we've exhausted that buffer, you know, we start to actually approach overreaching and burn out or, you know, even if you're mentally able to push through, you just stop getting the result. Your body no longer is dropping weight, your holding inflammation, your chronic disorder, you know, you started to muscle ways. So now yeah, go ahead, Indie, how can you do that? I was thinking, especially in the female athlete, the female physiology is so much more complex, metabolically and hormonally than the male athlete. We, I'm not saying anything aside, you know, like we're not saying there, you guys aren't complex, but we know that the female is just so susceptible to stress because of the requirement and adrenal reserve to maintain a hormone health and digestion thyroid health. So this is an amazing form slowing down and ideally eliminating the need for serious hormone repair after you come off stage. Absolutely. And we like to support that even during prep. So a lot of people always ask us this question when we present on this topic, is it okay for me to start mineral balancing and should I be addressing these things now during prep or do I need to wait until after. And the short answer is yes, we can start immediately, you know, even though yes, it's a bit counterintuitive, a lot of times some of these things we might need to address more in the off season when we're trying to restore like HPO, HPA hormone access. Obviously, if we're placing this heavy demand of inputs, right, high training, high cardio intensity and volume. We're putting this stress on our body, but that doesn't mean we can't continue to support it. And then also, you know, this slide is a good representation of how we might recalibrate the diet to correspond with recurrent oxidizer state. So initially, she was in fast oxidation for that one, it's going to be a little bit higher percentage fats in her macronutrition, lower percentage carbs or carps cycling and then you know moderate normal proteins. However, if we would have kept on that strategy, those high fats would not do her much good when she's a slow oxidizer. Right, we're trying to sneak that and think back up. Yeah, and she was feeling that a little bit, there was a little bit of fatigue setting in, there was a little bit, you know, there was a little bit, I mean, she's not a complainer. But there were some feedback to suggest that we needed to shift and low and behold, we got the retest back and as suspected, it was time for a shift. So yeah, it's. And that's our job, too, right? It's it's not just us telling athletes, we have to do this, we have to do that. It's teaching athletes to be self aware of how you're feeling, being tuned with your body. You should assess yourself every day. And my, you know, chronically sore, am I recovered today? Do I feel, you know, extremely inflamed all week long? So this type of feedback loop gives us, you know, more insights and then we were smarter, more intelligent about what we're adjusting in their protocols or diet. And to your point, you know, when she reached out and started to notice, hey, you know, I feel like I may be not recovering as quickly as I was earlier in prep. And we did the updated HTML as we just showed and we started to realize, ah, there's actually a lot of potential upside here. And we did the right this diet around a slow oxidizer protocol and long story short, some of those changes included carpe cycling. So instead of because got to remember what's job number one, get you fat free and stage condition, right? We got to get lean first and foremost, no athlete, whether you feel good or bad wants to get on stage fat or not lean, right? That's embarrassing. And I have to be pro, that's our career. So that's tends to take precedence, which is not always a good thing because we do end up running our bodies into the ground. But once we modified that, we made those adjustments. We went to a very strategic carpe cycle. I'll give some specific examples there on days that we needed to chase conditioning specifically in the lower body, which is not uncommon for women due to estrogens. We would actually do depletion work out. So high volume, moderate intensity, chasing depletion for legs and glutes, especially through the quads, right? Or any pro division. We want to make sure we have definitely some good separation and density in those quads. And so what we would do then, the judge has actually gave us feedback that they wanted to see more fullness in the upper body. So we recalibrated the diet, strategically pulled carbs out on her depletion days for lower body, and then added them back in on her upper body days. And it really balanced her physique. I'm going to actually show the in-body scan as a result of that because she ended up adding an extra two to three pounds of muscle up top where we needed it while depleting the body fat that was stored in the legs. But the other benefit of that and in the LSU talk to this, by strategically adding those carbs as we're approaching the burnout, what benefits does that give an athlete, you know, from an adrenal and, you know, just an overall, you know, recovery. Yes, so in slow oxidation, your body needs the glucose. It needs the carbohydrates to convert thyroid hormone into that active thyroid hormone. We need to support adrenal balance, which is, you know, yes, of course, we're going to talk about blood sugar regulation blood sugar balance, but a little bit higher carb, especially in slow oxidation when your body is working on preserving energy encourages your metabolism to feel safer. And then your metabolism is going to allow for recomp because you're giving it that strategy behind refeiting the carbohydrates. Yeah, and from an aesthetic physique standpoint, refeiting those carbs also helps fill you back out, right? It floods the muscles back with glycogen again. And, you know, we've got to hit that one to two times a week. For me, things that I look for, which will show in subsequent slides here are some of those biomarkers. So we want to push as hard as we can until we start to see two or more consecutive days of approaching overreach where HRB is starting to tank, you know, our HR resting heart rate is starting to come up, which is not good. And so we're keeping a pulse on how is our recovery and our central nervous system responding. So those are things I would say the more advanced side of prep that I don't think a lot of people are thinking about yet, but we're going to change that. That's why I'm presenting here today. That's the girl. That's right. So recap, and you know, slow oxidizer protocol generally does better with higher carbs, less fats, more stimulating supplements, aggressive gut support, right? We want to make sure we're avoiding a lot of the GI distress and slow gastric emptying and indigestion. And then more rest in recovery. So that's got to be strategic obviously when you're mid-prepereers, you know, for those six weeks out from a pro show. One of they say no rest for the wicked, right? We've got a balance achieving the proper caloric deficit. So we have to have enough energy output. But at the same time, we need to strategically do it. And things that we'll see too is on the in-body, for example, I'm going to point out a few data points where when we were approaching those overreach moments as this client was speaking up, we actually see a little bit of muscle wasting. And I know this is not the topic for today, but I want to talk about when we're approaching overreach like that. Let's weigh in on why we tend to avoid it overdoing fasted cardio when we're seeing burnout patterns. We're seeing high cortisol spikes excessively high. We're seeing muscle wasting on the in-body for two to three-day to points. So let's talk about why would we potentially shift some of that morning fasted cardio to later in the day or post meal one? Yeah, for me, it's going to be protecting the energy requirement for maintaining muscle, right? So there's so much energy that your body puts towards maintaining that muscle. And if we're in a slow oxidizer state, we are already preserving muscle. We're excuse me, preserving energy and the body is not going to put much energy towards preserving muscle. It's going to metabolize, it's going to say, well, we need to maybe store energy and put that towards body fat. Adjusting case, our brain and our liver and our heart needs energy in the future. So for me, it's going to be preserving muscle through, you know, strategically feeding the body. So I don't know how, what's your, yeah, no that's exactly right. And you see it all the time because we hear the horror stories of athletes that are like, hey, everything was going great, but then, you know, my progress started to plateau. So, you know, my coach pulled more calories down there at nine under calories in the cardio. Now they're doing two, two and a half hours of cardio on top of their lifting. And instead of progress, what we see is this real fact goes up, skeletal muscle goes down, for semi-body. As a protected mechanism. Yeah, it's, it's in famine mode, right? And so that's where these things like strategic refeeds or car bumps sporadically is restarting approach that phase is actually going to give you a boost in insulin sensitivity. And it's going to give you a boost in left-in sensitivity and other hormone signaling to keep your body anabolic, right? We don't want to be breaking down amino acids from lean muscle tissue and converting into glucose, which is ultimately what happened. So that's one of the reasons that we do tend to limit or actually, we start to rotate or face out some aggressive fastocardio a couple weeks out from show when possible to try and avoid those extreme excessive cortisol spikes and muscle wasting. Moving forward with bio-meters. Yeah, I love this chart. So these are some of the tools that we use and we're analytical. This particular client also loves data so it works out perfect. But just kind of highlights recapping what we talked about. This data set is actually from the last pro show date to, I think, early this past week. And the reason that I chose this selection is to show how the body responds to carbs and less training inputs. So again, when we're approaching over each or burn out even if it's mid-prep we schedule D-load weeks or D-load days, you know, refeed days. We might bring calories up to maintenance for 48 hours. The reason we're doing this is to again give some support to those adrenals, central nervous system and hormone signaling. And if I look at this, use four charts here, right? Let's start on the bottom left. We've got resting heart rate. You know, with resting heart rate immediately, you see on August 17th as soon as those refeeds were introduced, post show what happens. We see this huge decline in RHR which means her body is recovering. Her central nervous system started in the calm down and simultaneously we see the HRB inversely proportional, right? We get this starting line up and she's actually got a beautiful HRB. I wish me a surprise. Yes, my goodness. Amazing. We can have all the other stuff. But it plays the how fast your body can respond, especially coming out of a show, right? We're hypersensitive to all kinds of things. And when we reintroduce food, we did taper down, actually about 10 days out. We were between shows for this particular one. We peaked out beautifully, which you'll see in a moment, but we taper down all of our cardio and training inputs 30 to 40 percent. And then obviously not training one day out, not training on show day, of course. And then just taking one to two days complete, reload after the show. But the woops scores, right? You see those recovery scores shoot up. I mean, she's floating around 100 percent there the last couple days, which we haven't seen that for a couple months. Beautiful, beautiful day to see. So I encourage you guys that are listening. If you've got your smart wearables, you've got fit fit Apple Watch, Garmin or Ring any of these things. Track your data and try this out. Go through maybe three or four really low carb, depletion days, push yourself in the gym, you know, add in your higher Montecario volume, track your scores. They should, you should see them start to trend in an unfavorable direction, typically. But when you have that refeed, I want you to pay attention to what happens, especially for staying good and hydrated and getting good sleep on top of that. And you should notice all of these trends shifting back to right directions again. All right, and this one, I just threw in here for fun. Same client here, we looked at, you know, increase. So I'll just summarize here the takeaways. We're an increase in skeleton muscle. But if you look at the bottom left, which was, you know, dating back to probably around early January. And you know, I don't know where I want to say through late spring early summer. You see the body fat trending down from 21.2 down to 12% what? It took a little dip in muscle mass, right? And this is what we were fighting because of the aggressive timeline. We have to get the weight off, right? No matter what, we got to make sure that we're at least in shape coming into the show. Very tight timeline and it's a balancing act. We got to push harder here. Oh, we need more delts. Oh, gosh, the judge told us we need more quads. So we got to push harder on these areas. But at the same time, we got to boost up your recovery. It's kind of counter-intuitive. So this is where you and I had to get surgical with a strategic carb strategic minerals. You know, all of our, let's highlight some of our self-care strategies because that's a huge role in here. Uh, breath work. We got red light therapy. Good to have some salt baths. We got to have red glamour contrast therapy. Mm-hmm. Yeah, we want hormidic, right? We don't, we want hormisis. We don't want like sauna for instance for this, for this client is, you know, 10, 15 minutes. We don't want to spend 30 minutes or hard sauna. We want to condition the adrenals to feel safe and a gentle sauna. Morning sunlight exposure. The breath work legs up the wall. She did it. She did all of it. Yeah, and it helped. I don't think we would have had such a successful reason without those. And here's the beauty in it in that really challenging prep. If we look at the gap from the last two data points, so, you know, the most recent one being the scan on the right, which was just last week. And we see the muscle shoot back up from 62 to 6, almost 66 pounds. So through and half four pounds of muscle in a cut in a cleric deficit. And at the same time, body fat came down from 12% down to 8. And this was about one to two weeks post show. So she was somewhere in the mid-Savans on stage, which is insane to think about is, you know, in a cleric deficit where you're able to literally grow, build muscle into the show. And I put some notes there because this was just fun. If you look at the segmental lean analysis, that's going to be our muscle distribution. And you see, on the left, it was a little bit more in line top to bottom, which normally sounds like a good thing, right? We're like, all right, we're pretty symmetric. Well, proportion top to bottom. However, the judges gave us very specific feedback. They wanted more fullness. They wanted bigger upper body for the pro stage. And so you can see that huge shift. You see about two pounds of extra muscle on the right, all in the upper body, which is lats, shoulders and arms. So, you know, just taking their advice, different volumes and frequencies, different training intensities for upper versus lower. If we look at the lower, you know, I think the body fat might have got cut off on here, but we had about 2.6 pounds of body fat in the right leg, left leg, back at that last data point. And then we look at the most current one. And it dropped all the way down to like 1.5 pounds or something. So, pretty much cut it in half and broader in super tight, which you guys can see here, right? So, roughly three shows, plus one gas posing appearance over that 20 weeks span. So, you know, four, five months here, right? March through August, I believe. And you can see a 40 pound weight difference, which is just, you've been saying to think about, right? And you see from the front side back, we're checking all the boxes. And you can really see it illustrated here when we're talking about upper body fullness, even though on the in body in this case, it shows upper body dominance. aesthetically, it's not dominant. She's very balanced, very well proportioned. If anything, could probably go even bigger on the upper body. So, these are the things that we're looking at, all these tiny little details that get an athlete from 0.8 to 0.8. So, key takeaways there, we'll highlight before we move on, is prep summary again. Roughly 20 weeks, we did three I-BV Pro shows, we did one gas posing appearance in there just for fun. Starting weight was run, 162 pounds coming out of off season, and we finished at 122, actually the prep low was about 119 pounds. But we wanted it to be good and full for those last couple of shows. So, filled her out on stage, 122 pounds, net loss, 40 pounds. And that's what I would call a moderately aggressive pace for you guys that have taken the PVC course. You know that we target somewhere around 0.5 to 1.5 percent weight loss per week on an average prep. If this one we had to get more aggressive to me, timelines, and it was 1.5 to 2 pounds weight loss per week. Starting body fat percentage was 23 percent. We finished at 7 to 8 percent, roughly a 15 percent body fat reduction, which is right in that sweet spot at 0.5 to 1. So it was 0.75 percent body fat reduction per week consistently. And it's fun. I actually should have showed her weight increase and losses over the last two to three seasons. Because it's so repeatable, it's beautiful to see. Like we go back to 2022 or 2023, you see this nice linear growth post show coming up from like 120 pounds to 155.6 that first season. And then a nice linear gradual cut into the show. This one we had to have a much steeper cut coming back into the show. But we produced the correct result and we would not have been able to do that without mineral bounty and a lot of the other things we implemented. Yeah, I remember I don't know if bloods I can't remember if bloods are on this these slide decks, but oh my gosh, I saw those bloodlabs and I was like. Looks so good. In fact, you know, even speaking of bloodlabs, and it will do a very quick highlight of my own, you know, changes. And I remember this year for you guys that followed along, I went to Hong Kong, shot some content for one of my sponsors out there at Spideons. And I did a cut. I did a mini prep for about eight weeks for that. And my blood work looks so good before and after I was, I was thrilled. So, you know, we again, it's being proactive, not reactive and waiting for damage. We'll leave this one with those summary notes. Again, shortly, aggressive prep due to restrict that timelines mostly driven by work. Aggressively supported recovery energy hormones. We and we get this a lot, but HPO and HPA acts as especially for our females, but this is for anybody. Very important to us to make sure that we're supporting correct hormone function. Left in an insulin signaling. Again, we don't want to have burnout and make our bodies hypersensitive to fat gain coming out of the show. So all of these things were very strategically at it. Mineral balancing, carpsightling, strategic delos, definitely had some refeeds. Who doesn't like refeeds? And then, you know, using those biomarkers and then, of course, weekly check-ins. And that open feedback loop that we have with our athletes to communicate how they're feeling, energy digestion, progress, all that good stuff. But we recommend also coming out of the show for you guys that maybe are still new to this. I like HTMA and Bloodwork. I like the time it 4 to 6 weeks post show. You could do it immediately post show. However, there might be some erroneous things just from the extreme, you know, prep and goose stress the tapping in the body. But for me, I've realized that about 4 to 6 weeks is my sweet spot where my body's stable there. And I think it's more representative of where I'm at. All right, so client 2, we'll, we'll kind of speed through mine. We don't need to go into the detail. We're going to go through this. So you guys remember, I was in fast oxidation and the one on the left actually that HTMA, and it gave me kind of just quick highlights, you know, the copper and the humidity levels or whatnot that might affect my prep. Yes, so we could see true copper deficiency in your initial mineral test. And I think that's probably going to be something that we experienced forever, never. However, we could, you know, your body was really fighting hard to keep up with the demands that you were approaching all four highs. The first four macro minerals high where you are in a volatile state at that point where we're really sensitive metabolic layer. You're not sensitive, but your metabolism was. And so we actually, we had to take quite a bit of supplement out. I think it was feeding a little bit of metabolic imbalance. So we did some strategy behind your macros. We put you on more paths. We gave you, you know, more copper rich foods. We gave you copper. We took away your vitamin C, the zinc, that sort of thing to condition your metabolism a little bit. And it took us about, I'm guessing this was a year. Yeah, one more year. And this is your in mixed oxidant oxidation, which it actually mixed fast oxidation. And I prefer a client or a patient to be a mixed fast oxidation because you're a little bit a fast a little bit slow. Your, your central nervous system is in a balanced state. You're not spider flight. If you go and you, you experience a stress, you're back in the parasipyphetic dominance pretty easily. You can see that in your calcium defosphorus ratio on the bottom there on that right side, how it's in an ideal zone. That's profoundly to a metabolism to recovery, the muscle building. So you're currently in a perfect state. I saw that. And I was like, oh my gosh, of course. Yes. And this is, this is the beauty. And so recapping for you guys, we're trying to push everyone into, you know, towards that kind of mixed oxidation state. Or we're not swinging the pendulum one way or the other to one extreme end. And I can tell you that my energy feels good, you know, right now I'm not actively prepping for anything yet. And we ain't done yet. But I feel good. And again, it's all about balance right now. So there's some things that you find out about yourself that you're, to doctor in these point, you may have to continue to work on from now to forever. It's no different than a physico, right? If you weren't blessed as a bikini competitor with great glutes, you might be chasing upper glutes or glutes that entity for the rest of your career. So it's no different with the mineral balance, right? Especially given certain lifestyle factors, habits, genetics. But this is why we're always pushing towards that mixed oxidation state. Yes, and we're never done, right? We're always chasing the improvement. That's right. So this is actually a really good breakdown. We're kind of some of your summary notes when we look at specific minerals, you know, previous to current, where, where did that change occur? And then what's the interpretation like, what does that mean, right? If there's any, I know you covered some of them there, but if there's any that really stand out here, you know, related to insulin sensitivity. At the high-ride function, right? So selenium actually went up, which indicated better thyroid conversion that detox pathways. And that is very intentional because I take my selenium every single day. The copper that one I struggle with, and you know, some of it in the beginning was also the inhibition due to high amounts of zinc and vitamin C. And it's, you know, it's one that I think confuses or a lot of people are shocked when they hear that not everyone should be taking high dose vitamin C and zinc. And it's just so marketed that way, right, for immune supplements and cold and flu season, but route is that you could be causing further damage and inhibiting progress in other areas. Right, exactly. And for you, the big one we focused on is your central nervous system, you know, in terms of copper. I don't know. I think there's probably maybe like a genetics to rule a plasma protein thing that is going to be a forever focus. But you could see that through mineral balancing that thyroid potential increased your insulin sensitivity increased. We improved your body's ability to recover and manage stress. And I think that's profound. I mean, we both speak to having a buffer around the nervous system where high functioning individuals where we have families. And we, you know, we are in prep and we have to be ideal in our job. It can wear you down, but if you have a buffer around your nervous system, if you take care of your metabolism, if you're strategic, if you're recovery, your brain and body will give you the output that you're asking it to without detriment. So this is profoundly to to that where you strategize, you can still be, you know, gangster and everything always. However, there's no serious damage associated with it. Right, right. And it depends on everyone's goals, you know, but I think everyone on this planet definitely struggles with energy at times. We all struggle with digestion at times, right. And everyone wants to look and feel their best. So all of these things that we're adjusting ideally are going to help balance your energy and, you know, force your body to just work better as a system. And there's so much, so for you guys that maybe haven't heard about a biochemical group, our mineral balancing group. So deep down the rabbit hole on other things that are just related to overall health and wellness, whether it just be, you know, homeopathic things it might be grounding could be breath work, it could be peptide therapies. Yes, by herbs and spices, there's so many fun things. So we again encourage you guys just, you know, connect with us ask questions. Actions taken on this one. We won't spend too much time here, but you know, looking again at those improvements, calcium dropped right. So again, we're not approaching calcium shell. This is a good thing. Chromion and selenium had increased, which means better blood sugar, utilization and management, better detox potential. And we've had a few other ratios that moved favorably. And then a few things we'll call that still need work, right. Kind of some homework for me to continue during this therapy. So the adrenal cocktails, too, those are really good earlier on this this chat. We talked about, you know, spiking cortisol to high, due to fast, fast cardio and high amount of cardio. Or hitting the afternoon wall where you just all of a sudden fall off a cliff and you're extremely fatigued. The adrenal cocktails are something that you can definitely add in to help buffer cortisol, some torture or journals from burning out. And you can do these up to one to two times a day. You know, and there's different recipes too. We've actually got a very low sugar one, where you can put some low sugar coconut, water, some red and sea salt. But you want basically to support with potassium and sodium, obviously hydration and electrolytes. And that's going to help just jump start your adrenos and again buffer some of that cortisol. So it's very good stuff there. And phosphorus, touch on that one because that one was important for me. Yeah, so we saw actually an increase in cold walls and a decrease in phosphorus, which told us that there was due to the energy expenditure. Lower protein synthesis, right? So the proteins that you were consuming may have not been broken down very well. It may have caused some GI distress. So we were able to pivot there and make sure that we supplemented strategically. And then of course make sure that the proteins that you're eating were being allocated towards the goal that we were working towards. Exactly. If you're not getting good digestion and uptake, we're not putting those nutrients to use. And then we're ultimately not absorbing and going to see the results. All right. If you guys are just joining us, this is the peak physique podcast. And we've got doctor Indigo Vasquez aka doctor Indie on the call today. And we're doing some catch up recapping all of the movement that we've seen this year in our biochemical therapy or HTML mineral balancing group. So we've got some really good case examples that we want to highlight here. We went through a couple full progress updates from myself and one of our elite athletes. And this one I want to take a moment to acknowledge some of the scenarios that we get right and these are these are difficult complex things. So we definitely have to put our heads together to kind of peel back the layers of that onion and figure out what the best strategy, the best test and ultimately formulate a solution. So scenario one here, one of our relatively new female elite athletes, new to us, not new to being an elite athlete. Some of the conditions that we seen in this individual when she came to us. Hypothyroidism, Hashimoto, so some autoimmune issues, chronic fatigue and inflammation, energy libido issues, definitely some food and GI sensitivities. Hypothyroidal macumenaria, they're all the weight loss, insulin resistance, definitely some cravings which tells me that there's probably a bit of left and resistance. And most of these things are likely prep induced from past aggressive preps that just didn't address or support these things throughout the course. Then of course the rebound right coming out of those shows for not supporting all of these things, your hormone signaling and restoring each of those axes. You can get yourself into some long-term chronic situations which is what we're seeing here. So let's start with this individual and I think the first thing is, you know, we've identified the symptoms. And for you and I, the next step is let's figure out what tests we want to do to help find what the root cause of each of these symptoms. Yeah, so we ran a host of tests. And I believe if this is the individual we're thinking of that most of those tests came back shockingly kind of balanced, right, where the cortisol, the dironyl pattern didn't look terrible. You know, there was some inflammation, sure, yes, but where was that coming from? And we go deeper and we do a mineral test, which is three months of metabolic debt versus a snippet in time. And we could see that there is a severe calcium shell. And no, I mean, you could do all of the stimulants in the world, all of the things that to help with weight loss and gut it. But if we don't break that calcium shell, which is very, very heavy calcium loss, this individual will not feel better. She will not, her energy will remain low. It is a protective state. So we say, okay, we're going to focus on all of these things in the future, but first before we do any of that, we have got to break this calcium shell, which might take a little bit of time. But when we do that, her metabolism is going to feel so good, her gut is going to feel so good. She's just going to feel like she used to before her body went into this deep preservation mode. Yeah, and it's crazy. You mentioned, you know, just kind of feeling good and then the gut. And we talk about it sometimes, but I don't think it's talk about enough. Talk about the brain gut access. If you're not feeling good, you're also going to slow gastric emptying. You're going to have high cortisol. You're going to have poor digestion and these things are connected. So if we can start to chip away and we get the gut responding a little bit better emotionally, we feel better right our brain chemistry is improved. And now you start to build this snowball effect where your body's just firing on all levels, right, all cylinders, but definitely a strong brain gut access. And I think that feeds into this because when you're constantly tired, you're constantly below it. You have no energy to peel yourself out of bed. The last thing you want to do is go hop on a treadmill for an hour or go try to have a really hard leg day when you don't have energy. We're addressing each of these one by one by utilizing strategic testing to get to these root causes and even us at this point, I'll say this without even doing the test. There's at least a handful of things that we can usually suspect that are denominators, right? We've seen it enough time. I think before we should even tell this is where like, all right, she's probably in slow oxidation definitely has some patterns of hypothyroidism. You know, we can share it. Probably the calcium shell. So we can start to identify some things and then this just substantiates it with evidence based practice, which is. Yeah, I'm pulling back you're really great with this in coaching where you say, okay, pulling back will actually yield greater results, which can be pretty scary. When I do some online coaching as well and when I tell a client, hey, we're going to not do an hour and 15, we're going to go 45 minutes and we're going to pull back to 50% and it can be scary. And we trust the process, watch what happens and then we see that still come down because the body is feeling recovered and feeling safe, which is going to upregulate that metabolism. Oh, absolutely. It's not prioritized enough and for you guys that are coaching or if you're an athlete yourself, if you're having issues with that because to in these point, sometimes less yields more that's a weird counter intuitive Concept to grasp because for a bodybuilding, we always think it's got to be extreme, right? In order to be an elite athlete, I have to be more extreme than the other elite athletes. Not always the case. Yeah, exactly work smart. We're not saying don't work hard, but work, you know, if you work hard in the wrong direction, it can still take you to the wrong place the wrong destination. So we want to make sure we're putting all the energy into the right place. If you ever confuse to on cardio, you heard our conversation at cortisol and adrenal cocktails and things like this, you can also consider other modalities or forms of energy expenditure. So, obviously, we want to die it, right? We can always put the lever on diet if we need to, but once we get to a certain threshold, we might not want to pull any more calories out. So then we have to start looking at things like neat energy expenditure, right? So it can be that non exercise activity in their modalities. You know, if you don't have a very active lifestyle, you sit at the desk job all day, maybe think about getting a walking pad, you know, take the dog for a walk after dinner. There's other ways to get that step count and the energy output without just slamming fasted cardio until you're running your body in the ground. Because I can promise you this, all of the things that are on this list, you will exacerbate and make worse in you to add stress and add stimulus on top. We cannot beat the body into submission traditionally, right? I mean, we do in the sport. We are, we are hard on the body. However, we cannot beat it into submission. We have to be strategized. We have to be smart about working with that perfect ancient metabolism that is designed to keep you alive. We find respect in that we work with it. Exactly. Good. And scenario two here, we're not going to spend much time on this because it's very similar to scenario one. I wanted to point it out though to show that we do have common things that we come across. And unfortunately, it is more common in the industry than not to have, you know, athletes that are prescribed way too much of everything, too much supplements, sometimes not enough food. You know, it's a lot of things. It's a way too much food. But it's again, it's these extremes. And for scenario two, this particular athlete who is also extremely high potential high caliber athlete has been very well in the past, but started to really, really approach like total burnout. And we're just starting our therapy for this individual. But even as we're awaiting some of the H2A results, you know, we can identify some of those patterns and there's also some blood labs that confirm some of those suspicions right with the high both aridism. But the main things are severe chronic fatigue, difficulty getting out of bed, no energy to train, no energy to push intensity and cardio full hormone suppression. These lead me to believe there's things like adrenal fatigue definitely happening here, you know, then bloating chronic GI disruption. All of those things again that we suspect could be pushing her towards burnout, which will reveal itself in the H2A. But, you know, again, be cautious, be careful, make sure that you're testing because we want to avoid these scenarios before they become issues. And it's not as complex as this is, it's also not rocket science. Right, if we're our bodies are too taxed in the two stress, the simple solution is hold back a little bit. Right, and now pump the brakes a little bit. Give yourself a little more time instead of a 12 week cut, maybe do an 18 or a 20 week cut. So just keep that in mind, tools and resources will highlight, again, H2A mineral analysis. I want you to comment quickly because we see these and they can be complimentary and useful in some ways, however, the way that we perceive and use them is probably different than most people. So GI mapping, we had one client that had to do a side bow test, food sensitivity test, what are the pros and cons versus H2A. So I like GI mapping, I like seeing a testing. Food sensitivity testing, I'm pretty loud about it. I don't really like it because if you have dyspios who are inflammation, you're going to have, you're going to pop hot with a lot of the foods that you're consuming, you're going to see that there are no nos or sensitivities in a food sensitivity test. So we can leverage them strategically, however, we want to be really careful about how we integrate the information, right? So we can be taking a six week break on those food sensitivities going in and doing really aggressive repair, we're adding any G, we're adding sodium, muterate, we're adding things to repair the new coastal lining so that we don't have to take out these really really good free foods. And we don't want to encourage like, you know, eating disorder or like I can't have anything and that can become a big problem. I'm not fan of food sensitivity testing. I will I will order them if people want them that's fine, but that's my my take on a food sensitivity. I'm at me if you want to, but that's how I, that's how I approach it. Yeah, and I agree with that, you know, it's it's understanding the data that's in front of you within context, right? If you understand the data, then you can speak to it intelligently and we can make smart informed decisions and how we might choose to integrate that into a forever. But most people don't understand it and they just see the result and it's like, oh gosh, there's 25 foods that I have a sensitivity or a potential allergen. I'm never going to eat these, right? Yeah, there's no more car, there's no more. It's like, no, no, actually a lot of these are self or prep induced from having too much of these things for the students to time. And then just temporarily pull them, right? And then maybe what's our real-a-thumb? Like, you know, take them out for maybe six weeks and then once per week, right? We might phase in one kind of like coming out of a contest prep. It's very similar to what we do coming out of a show. And that's how you actually find your food sensitivity. Now if they're IGA, like their allergies, you can't have them. But you know, a little bit of time, if strawberries, if that's your thing and then you miss strawberries and we take them out for six weeks, we reap very even if we bring strawberries in three times a day for three days and you write them down on your own your own own pet. Yes, from no or maybe that's how you actually identify those food sensitivities. You know, I think in a healthier way. Yeah, I agree. So don't panic if you get one of those, we just want to give you some context on how we would interpret it. And of course, other tools and resources that we rely heavily on complete blood work, especially if there's very acute or specific things we want to monitor a little bit more closely in serum levels. Weekly check-ins, that's our feedback. That's our opportunity to be transparent, open with our clients and force them to think critically and self assess how are you feeling what things can we do to support you. Monitor biomarkers, we saw that right with HRV, resting heart rate, our woopscore is our sleep, our step count, all that good stuff. And then cortisol versus adrenals, a lot of times it could be one or the other or both. I like to delineate some of the tests me might use would be a four points alive a test or touch test. And then we can see is that cortisol production, peaking and dropping within the band that we want. And if so, then it's probably a adrenal issue that we're having, but if it's truly an outlier there, maybe it really is a cortisol issue, right? So it gives us again just a little bit more information so we can take a more appropriate course of action instead of just guessing. All right, so summary, let's summarize this. So testing to identify root causes of symptoms. Again, this helps us and the clients navigate those challenges collaboratively because this is an addictive shift. It's not us telling you do this, do that. It's us working with you to navigate those challenges that you're facing on a weekly basis so that we can come up with a best solution together. So we're trying this insights to all of the testing once we get all the data back, it's really applying the insights and integrating those into your training program. And then your overall health, right, your nutrition, your supplementation protocols. All of these things come down to that integration step, which is the most important step because you might have some things that could be optimal for your health or for balancing even your HDMI. We have to strategically place them mid prep post show off season, whatever it might be. So that's where we work together as a team and then I think one of the most important things you've hit on in a few times today, indeed, is making sure that we keep an open and safe environment for communication and client feedback. One thing that you and I run into all the time is people might leave a coach, not because the coach didn't necessarily understand how to do the job, but because it didn't feel safe. If they question something or they, their body is not responding, they're afraid to maybe share that information because they feel like they're going to get judged or yell that or whatever it might be. Yeah, and I think that we want to encourage people to know that they're in control of their health. I like to teach, I like to empower, ask me questions if it doesn't make sense, let's talk about it and if it still doesn't make sense, then maybe we do something else that's okay. We're here to empower and teach that's where we're coming from so we really we work well together in implementing that strategy and as a result, I feel like our team is doing really well. Yeah, and you know everyone, especially the ones that have stuck with it long enough because I'll also say that right these aren't things like mineral balancing isn't like going to the storm buying a pre workout and instantly you feel it and you're like, oh wow I feel wired. These are long term things that we put in place to help protect your body and help optimize your overall long term health. So it's things that you do need to stick with, you know, just out of the gate minimum three months, but we like to go definitely longer than that as you see with my own HTML, it took me a full year to really move the needle where we needed to go and you know maybe once you're in that kind of mixed oxidative state. Now maybe we can start to pull back and instead of every 90 days, maybe you're in a maintenance plan and it's every you know four to six months. But if you can do it every 90 days is ideal for your mineral balancing. Yeah, this is something that can be taken you know with you. It's a tool that that should be taken with you for the rest of your life because there is life after sport and we want to make sure that you're heart and your liver and your brain are healthy. So at the end of the day, we're not in your life. Find mineral testing because it is going to speak the most profound to your overall wellness and your longevity deep into your mature age. Yeah, and that's that's where we got to get our athletes to think you know I was I was that athlete at 25 and I'm not thinking about 50. I'm not even thinking about 40 is 25. I don't think about 25 right. What are we doing right now? Let's go extreme. But as we get more mature we get older. The health starts to that priority starts to shift towards health and longevity. Our hip start making more noise and we're like, oh. Yeah, yep, yep, yep. You know, this year we got to the don't know. I have a quad tear racing my daughter and you know, I'm for. Well, it's like you little things that are nothing normally right you just get up and yeah, let me show her who's boss. You see, you got like a. You got a. Because my potassium or my calcium was too low who knows. Awesome. That's possible. So make sure that you're staying on top of that health guys. It is the most important thing. And as we age, it becomes even more vital to take command of your health. So if you guys are interested in learning more also you want to hear more from doctor. Indie or myself. You can also use there's a special code. It's NASM, PPP and that's at that team. That was prep.com slash biochem therapy. So if you guys go to that, you'll be able to learn more about biochem therapy. Some of the thoughts and concepts behind everything that we talked about today. And Dr. Indie with that, let's let the followers know where they can find you, where can they contact you and get connected. Yes, so you can always apply at the team at unspripped.com website. You can I love Instagram messaging. You can email me by DMing me directly. It's going to be the fastest way to contact me. So follow me on IG. All right. You heard it there. And for you guys that are maybe unsure, this isn't, you don't have to be part of team out of to take advantage of this information. This is for everybody. So we do work with people to do prep integrations. If you're not an athlete and you're just a lifestyle client or fitness enthusiast, this is still a great strategy for you to employ in your own fitness journey. So again, reach out. And you guys already know where you can find me. Instagram. It's going to be at Andre Adams underscore official or team atoms underscore prep. You can email me at training by Dre at gmail.com. And YouTube is also Andre Adams underscore official. And guys, as always, if you felt like you got value and you enjoyed this episode, we encourage you to share it with at least one friend. Tell them how awesome this episode was and what you learned today. And we thank you all for tuning in as always. We'll see you next time on the Peak Disease Podcast. Thank you.

=== FILE: Big Toe, Big Problems Unlocking Athletic Performance from the Ground Up [HyBU3YgyiO4].txt ===

On today's NASM CPT podcast with me, Rick Richie, I explore some big problems from the Big Tell. I share a story about friends who are working with a high profile MLB player whose hip issues seemingly stemmed from what was a Big Tell issue. I'll also talk about the windowless mechanism regarding how the Big Tell gets more rigid as the Big Tell goes into extension. And then finally, I take a little bit of time and I talk about increasing range of motion at the Big Tell and what are some of the ways that we can do that. And then finally, how can we build some strength in the toe muscles, Big Tell in particular? All right, make sure that you like, follow, subscribe, and leave a five-star review. Now, here's the episode Big Problems from the Big Tell. You're listening to the NASM CPT podcast with Rick Richie. Winner of the Share Care Emile Award for Social Storytelling and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Y'all and welcome to the NASM CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie. And today, I want to talk about the Big Problems that you can have due to your Big Tell. So let's get to start this conversation with this. The interesting story, so I have two friends, two colleagues, two people who worked with one big athlete. It was a baseball player. And this baseball player really talented, big money player, and just kept having issues with the hip. kept having issues with the hip. So they go through and they're practicing, y'all, what's their internal rotation, external rotation, what's your hip flexion, hip extension, let's look at your knees, let's look at your ankle, doorsy flexion, okay, working on doorsy flexion, what's your plan to our flexion, let's look at your, and they go through a B-duction, a B-duction, a B-duction, the hip, all of these things at the hip. Let's test your core stability, and we're going through core work. And then finally they go, okay, let's let's look at your Big Tell extension, and from the non-problematic side to the problematic side, there was significant difference in the Big Tell extension, or some people refer to doorsy flexion of the Big Tell. I don't like the word doorsy flexion, I'm going to soapbox this for a moment. When people say doorsy flexion of the Big Tell, it doesn't make any sense, because there's no flexion, when you look at the heel bone, and there's plantar flexion and doorsy flexion, there's actual, the heel bone extends, all right, the foot, the heel bone extends past the tibia, and the front of the foot does too. So on each side, there's actual flexion that takes place, whether you measure it on the posterior or the anterior side, because either way can be considered flexion extension, based off the movement, which is why it has its own words. However, the Big Tell does not do that, the Big Tell can flex the Big Tell can extend, and I understand why, and I would call it doorsy flexion, I just don't like the term, so I say extension of the Big Tell. So they go and look at the extension of the Big Tell, and they say, okay, well let's do some mobility work, and let's get your extension at the Big Tell, and let's work on it, and create mobility, and all of a sudden, the hip starts to do better, but why? Why does that happen? Well, especially a rotational athlete. So whether you're throwing punches or swinging a baseball bat, or you're swinging a tennis racket, where does this come from? Well, the thing is that if you can't rotate onto your Big Tell, because the Big Tell doesn't extend, you can't rotate onto it, because otherwise, if it doesn't extend or either on the side of the Big Tell, or you're at a point, which nobody's putting weight outside of ballet on a point in their Big Tell. So what they end up doing is just over rotating from the hips, and getting that end-range emotion, potentially leading to some pinching, potentially leading to some laboral tears. So there's a lot of potential that can build up, simply because you can't extend the Big Tell when you rotate. So it's a valuable thing to look at, and here's another really interesting thing. A lot of people have mobility issues at the Big Tell, but you look at the flexibility, they have very, very inflexible Big Tell muscles, the flexor howlickus longus, gets stretched when you go into toe extension, extends your howlickus longus, not Dorothy flexor and platter flexor. I'm just going to argue with other mechanics, biomechanics, mechanics, people when it comes to doersy and plant her flexor, the Big Tell extension of Big Tell, and look at it. When you go into this movement, they're limited in extension, so their flexor howlickus longus, the toe muscle, Big Tell muscle is limited. But also if you'd test it, it also tested very weak. So it's this weird kind of thing where you've got the short tight, overactive, weak muscles. And we see that all the time. We see that in the hip flexors. We see people with short tight, overactive hip flexors. They're in an anterior pelvic tilt. They sit all the time and then you ask them to lift their leg against resistance, and they got madda. What do we do? You can stretch and strengthen at the same time. It's okay. You can do two things at once. You can be two problems that seem opposite, but also that's problematic. So what they did, they worked with this person, they're Big Tell and all the hip issues, got so much better. So we're going to look at the Big Tell. We're going to explore the Big Tell and we'll get into it in just a moment. Because this episode of the NASM CPT podcast is brought to you by NASM One. The membership for trainers and coaches, members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the Edge app to schedule and program clients, enjoy half off all certifications and specializations. Access to free CEUs and more. All of this for just $35 a month. Go to NASM.org slash membership to learn more about NASM One. All right. So let's talk about something interesting. It's called the winless mechanism. And this is when the Big Tell goes into extension, not to worry about the reflection. And it pulls on the planter app and neurosis. Now the planter app and neurosis, you've probably heard of the app and neurosis and the low back. So this is an app and neurosis which is a big flat piece of tissue, a fascia, that goes across the bottom of the foot and towards into the Big Tell past the first MTP joint. Well, here's what happens. When you go into toe extension, it pulls on the planter app and neurosis which pulls the heels and the toes slightly closer together and that creates a rigid foot. You have a softer foot when you land when you go into a heel strike and that helps to absorb some of the forces when going into that heel strike. But you need a harder foot as you start to create some propulsion as you go into planter reflection and that Big Tell goes into extension and it shortens the foot. It makes those meta-tarsals more rigid. It increases the arch and the medial longitudinal arch and it gives you something to push off of. All right, well, this is really good. But here's what's interesting. When you wear shoes, that doesn't happen. When you wear shoes, you don't get those things. And so one of the issues that I think we need to be really aware of is that we can mess up some of the mechanics of our natural mechanics of our feet when it comes to wearing shoes. What do you stay in Rick? Don't wear shoes? No, no. I'm just saying that some of these can be off-kilter a little bit. No, you can test this wind less test by doing this. So you go into your toe, all right? So you can test your toe range of motion. You can fully extend your Big Tell against the wall. This is what I like to do and this is a drill I want you to consider. All right, so you go against the wall with your Big Tell. So your first MTP joint is kind of up against the wall and your Big Tell is extended. Now, if you can't get into that, you're limited in that, then that's one of the things that shows the the challenge in your Big Tell mobility. So the Big Tell mobility and we noticed that we had hip problems and some people have knee problems based on the same story where I've got range of motion where I'm twisting from my hip, but the knee because I can't go into Big Tell extension, the knee will go into increased valgus. So just because of Big Tell issues, I've got increased potential knee issues, potential hip issues and then it can work itself up the kinetic chain. In fact, when I was in grad school for my master's in exercise science, then one of the questions why how can you see somebody when they're doing a squat and they turn out on their left foot, how can that lead to right potential right shoulder pain? You just kind of go through the mechanics of internal rotation at the knee, the valgus that takes place, internal rotation at the hip, the hike that might take place there, which leads to a tightness and the lats as a compensator, which can lead to the increased opposite side because you're limited in your glute activations of the opposite side lat based off of a posterior crisscross that takes place from the lats to the opposite glute. That tight lat leads to an anterior pull on the shoulder and leads to potential impingement. Now this is this is all interesting. It's the regional interdependence model of concern, which and there's a lot of research that goes into the regional interdependence model where there's a joint somewhere leading to issues somewhere else. One of the things that I want you to do is practice this big toe range of motion, see what you got. As you're going to keep your heel on the floor, your big toe is fully extended against the wall and your forefoot is still touching the floor. Your just big toe is up against the wall and extended back. Now keeping your heel on the floor, I just want you to lean forward, see if you can touch your knee into the wall. Some people can and some people can't. And I'll tell you this. Some people are going to feel nothing. You get nothing. There are no limitations at all. Some of you will feel very limited. Some of you like me when I used to have plantar fasciitis on my right side. If I did the big toe extension, keeping my heel on the ground, big toes up against the wall and I just bend my knee into the wall. If I did that quick, I'd put a hole into the dry wall because there's a literal zero limitations. However, on my other side, it's incredibly limited. Not anymore much better now, but also my plantar fasciitis has gotten better. So doing this with the big toe extended, pushing my knee towards the wall, I mean, it took me to me days, weeks to be able to even be able to touch. And even to this day, it's still tighter where it takes me a while to even get my knee to touch. I mean, not as much, but on my first go, it doesn't touch the wall until I breathe into it and then finally, my knee can make it that connection. Now, let's look at the weakness that goes on the big toe because I think that's a good mobility exercise. It can be something that shows that there if your big toe extends and you don't see the arch, then there's an issue with the the windless mechanism and there can be a some potential with the the plantar fascia because of some tightness in the big toe. Now, the plantar fasciaitis has a lot to do with a lot of things tight calves. There's even indications in some research that show just posterior chain tightness from the low back, from the hamstrings, calves all the way into the bottom of the foot that all has relevance when it comes to plantar fasciaitis. So, this is also something, but I want you to also take into consideration the role that the big toe plays in this. Now, weakness in the big toe is a concern, so that windless mechanism doesn't exist while wearing shoes can definitely limit our function. So, what I'm going to talk about some big toe exercises. Here's some things you can do. One, I love and I have almost every single person that I train with do this every single day as we practice balance exercises and when you practice the balance exercise, you're going to try to go into a short foot which strengthens the intrinsic muscles in the foot, but I also have them push their big toe down into the ground. So, it gives a little bit of purchase and gives something to grab onto some strength in the foot to hold the rest of your body on balance up on because remember, if you have a rigid surface, then you have a stronger likelihood to stabilize than you do on a softer surface and if your foot is soft, then you're going to get a lot more wiggling and each time you wiggle, you have to have a counter wiggle above it in order to to stack these joints on top at each other. So, we're going to consider that, so creating the short foot single leg balance pressing the big toe down. And of course, you can do other big toe exercises that I like to have people even just put a band around their knees and I call them knee wiggles where your feet are pointed straight ahead and you're doing that thing where you're crisscrossing your hands and when your knees touch, you cross your hands back. You don't have to do the hand part, just do the knee wiggle part so that every time your knees go closer together, let's say your feeder hip-width apart pointed straight ahead, maybe shoulder width apart a little bit wider. As your feet lower down, you'll notice that the arch flat ends and as your knees go apart, that the arch increases. Well, as the knee goes apart, you've got to keep your big toe pressed down into the floor and what that'll do is that'll create a shorter foot. The muscles in the foot are going to shorten our arch. You're going to get much bigger arch and so for my flat foot, it freins out there. Getting an arch on the foot to a big wind no matter what. So as you keep your feet, big toe down, your knees abducks, you're going into various, keeping the big toe down, some of y'all are going to get cramps in your big toe muscle, the cramps in the feet muscle because just the weakness in the foot. And then as you go into this kind of valgus position, the knee knock position, you're still going to try to maintain the arch. Now you will lose the arch, but what that does is it gets this e-centric strengthening that goes on. So it's not just this concentric shortening, but it is an e-centric link-fitting of the muscles as well. All right. One of the other things you can do is that while you're doing any foot exercise, whether you're just keeping your foot on the ground pressing the big toe down, you can put a band under the toe, you can put a towel under the toe and just pull on it and they have to push down and not let the band or the towel move. And you can do that on the single leg balance exercises, you can do that on the knee wiggle exercises, I was just saying, or regress all the way down and just have the foot on the floor, barefoot. Yeah, you can keep your socks up. So keep in the arch, they are pressing the big toe down into a towel, pressing it down into a band and you're just pulling it and trying to get them to push down hard without losing it. It's helped to build strength in the flexors of the big toe. One of the other things last exercise I like to do is I like to do a floor bridge with my feet hanging off of a bench. So I'm lying on a floor and my feet are on a bench, but not really. My feet are hanging off the bench. The only thing on the bench is my big toe. My arm, my big toes. So I got both of my big toes. Even all of my small knees on there too. So just my toes on there and I'm going to plant your flex, I'm going to draw my big toe down into the bench. Nothing on my foot is on except for my toes and then as I'm lying down, I bridge up in my toes or just clinging on like a foot rock climber. Just holding on with my big toes as I lift my hips up into a bridge holding on tight strengthening the muscles in my feet. And that's one of the exercises I absolutely love to strengthen the muscles in the feet in the big toe because they get that big toe. There can be some issues with it. So we're going to increase mobility. We're going to increase strength and we're going to help increase function up the kinetic chain by doing so. All right y'all. Thanks for listening. Like, subscribe. Share with your fitness friends and family and thank you to my producer Eric Souranson. If you want to reach out to me, you can hit me up on Instagram dr.ricritchie or email me, rick.ricie at nasm.org. Y'all keep inspiring people to fitness. Thanks for listening. This has been NASM CPT podcast.

=== FILE: Breaking Plateaus Activate Your Brain to Boost Your Physical Performance [bIZZjkqb4v0].txt ===

Hi everyone, welcome to Random Fit with Wendy Bats and Ken Miller and on this episode, we are going to talk about the brain and body connection, how strength, recovery and even pain aren't just about the muscles and joints themselves, but more about the nervous system and what's happening within our brain. And from there, we'll talk a little bit about working out how you can change your workouts to recruit more of that brain to help you be stronger, faster, whatever you want to do in life better. So listen to the podcast and enjoy, but leave us a five-star review when and where you can. You're listening to Random Fit with hosts Wendy Bats and Ken Miller, winner of a Gold Markham Award for Digital Media. Hello everyone, thank you for joining us on another episode of Random Fit. I'm Wendy Bats here with my friend, and co-host, Ken Miller. Ken, how's it going? Wendy, I'm good. You're looking good. Keep up the good work. Well, I think, you as well, you did your hair for us and everything today, so it's fantastic. But on this episode, we are going to talk about the brain and body connection. Ken, I know you and I were talking about having clients and when they come in and we start in different phases of the model after the assessment, we start to see major changes really quickly when they first begin working out, but they don't actually grow inside. So we're going to talk about why that happens and dig a little bit deeper. Yeah, you and I Wendy, for our listeners out there, Wendy and I, we get on the phone every now, and occasionally we talk, talk shop about our own personal training clients and some of the struggles and successes even that we have. But conversation that we just had recently was about clients that say, hey, I got stronger faster than I anticipated to get stronger. And I think Wendy said, well, I had clients that, you know, they get stronger, but they they're not necessarily seeing bigger, bigger muscles, bigger arms, they're, well, it's yet they're curling more, they're pressing more, they're pushing more, they're squatting more. So the topic came up, okay. So why the strength gain without the size gain? How does that happen? I thought movement and strength was based on muscle, right? Well, here's the thing. Muscles don't do anything without the nervous system, right? The brain rules it all. So when the brain figures out, okay, well, this is what needs to be done, okay, what do I need to do to get that particular task done? And then it figures out a way to coordinate movement, kind of, figure out, okay, what's the most efficient way? Okay, what movements don't we need? What muscles don't need to work in this motion, in this direction, with this force, in this plane of motion, or what have you? Then it figures out, okay, well, what do I need? And then from there it says, okay, well, we took out what we didn't want, we added what we do want as far as recruitment patterns as far as how the muscles are being used. And then from there, just by being more efficient, again, orchestrated by the nervous system, you get stronger, right? So, yeah. You got to think of, you know, the nervous system. So think about it, it's starting in your brain, right? So there's actually, we think about the central nervous system, we're talking about the spinal cord in the brain, right? And that decides what needs to happen. That's what's initiating the movement. It's going to help regulate our reflexes and it actually processes the input that's going into our head. And then it's like, well, okay, we're getting this information in and it's processing saying, okay, now what needs to happen? And then that's when we look at the peripheral nervous system. And that's basically going to carry out the commands at the brain hands. And so the reason we emphasize so much about doing assessments in the very beginning and order to truly help your client move better, or if you're a fitness enthusiast or self, move better is because over time, our brain, which if we think about the brain, the brain is kind of the software, right? It's the programming for your phone, your computers, whatever it is. And we're trying to always put very good input in because whatever you put into your head is going to help us hopefully have good movement. However, over time, we get these compensations because we're sitting at a desk, we're sitting at a desk around a shoulder, forward head, sitting in a chair, so we're in a seated position, so our hips are getting tight. We might wear cute shoes that might have a small heel on them, so it's going to tighten our calves. All of this leads to compensation patterns. And then the bodies, I, hey, this is what I know because these muscles are tight. This is how I want to live because these muscles aren't giving us the link that we need to stand correctly or move correctly. And then we're actually putting bad information into our brain, so the hardware is now our software is being programmed, the wrong information, not the right information to help us move better, feel better, and perform better. So the nervous system and the brain is basically what's telling our muscles to fire this way or stand this way or sit this way. And I think it's sometimes hard to comprehend because we're so focused on movement, but if we don't train our brain right, then no matter how hard we train, we're not going to be able to execute to our maximum potential unless we start with smaller movements first ensuring the right muscles fire at the right time and the right plane of motion. I think the analogy brought up one of these far as software and hardware. I mean, that's, that's a great analogy that I, I've, I haven't used it in a while, but from that same, yeah, like you said, the body, the body is the hardware, the brain is the software. So just like when you look at your phone and you have software updates or you look at your computer, you have software updates, that's, that's an improvement on the system. I think a lot of people don't realize, like, okay, your brain has operated your hardware or a certain task for certain amount of time, but if you want to do something different, if you want to do something more, let's say your priorities change maybe now you have the family and you have kids that are playing sports and you want to be able to throw again, get just the other day, took my son out to the parking house throwing the ball, and I hadn't thrown the ball in like six months since last, you know, since last baseball season. So here I am, I'm like, all right, you got to give me some time. My, my computer is rebooting right now because I'm like, let me, let me warm from up a little bit more and, you know, because I'm just thinking, I am going to be sore because, you know, my son, he's, he's bigger, he's stronger than he was last baseball season. So here I am, my, I'm just, I just want to get the ball in his gloves, right? I don't want him chasing a ball down the part, but my software needs this updating, especially if throwing the baseball is something I plan to do more of in the future. So I need to coordinate, you know, my hip rotation, my trunk rotation, my shoulder rotation, how I hold the ball where I release the ball and then not to mention he's throwing harder too. So now I have to reflexively be able to react to where that ball is. So now there's, there's that aspect of playing a sport. So my brain, my body, my brain has to go through an update. So my body can actually do the test that's required to me. And in this case, and it's, it's baseball, but I think the other part of that story, when you get you brought up when you talk about when he sit down a lot or you're wondering those cute little shoes that's going to elevate your heel, your brain actually accommodates that as well. So just like we can get an update for good, you can get an update for bad as well. So bad input, bad output. So the brain will do what it needs to do to get you from A to B to accomplish certain tasks. But if you're, if you're brain saying, I have to get you from home to work to home, wearing those cute little shoes with the elevated heels. Right? Then it's going to say, all right, calf, I don't need you as much, right? Because you're going to be a little shortened. You're not going to need to get all that ankle motion that we usually need if you're barefoot or anterior tips or the muscles in the front of the shin, I'm not going to need you as much either because I don't need you to pick up the forefoot so that when you walk, you clear the foot so that you can walk without the fear of tripping. I don't need you to do that either. And hip flexors, I don't need you, you know, on and so forth. So it starts to actually downgrade the capabilities of your hardware or your body in this case. So I love that analogy from the standpoint. It can, you can update the software for the better. But unfortunately for most people, it's a downgrade as far as what you want your hardware to do. Well, and I think, too, it's, it's really important that, I know when I train a client that hasn't worked out in a really long time. And I'm like, okay, we're going to do something as simple as like a balance exercise. And they are struggling to stand on one leg and move the other leg maybe in different planes of motion. So forward or out to the side or even try to rotate it back without having the arch is fall, having the knee cave in. And they're like, why can't I do this? Because I usually do this in front of a mirror, it went possible because I'm trying to have them see, listen, when you do this, your second, third toe, your knee cap and your hip all need to stay lined up. And that's what we need to focus on. So we need to have good arch alignment because that's going to help with, you know, activation of the hip and the glue and everything else. And it literally does start at the foot and works its way up. And it's interesting because people are like, I stand up every day. I stand on one leg when I'm walking, you know, you're spending a majority of the time on one foot as you're walking or doing activities of daily living, why can't I do this? And it's not that they can't. It's just retraining the brain because we are focused so much on standing with the feet straight ahead, making sure everything's probably lined up. So what we through NASM say the five-pinit chain checkpoints, we do that. Because if we're standing that way, we know biomechanically our joints are lined up the way that they are intended to and our, if we have good joint alignment, obviously we have got good muscle length on each side of the joint to get that movement to produce correctly. It's just retraining that system. Like if you're used to standing with your feet out, you weren't born that way. Most people are like, oh, I've always stood this way. Well, it's because your calves are tight and you should be standing with your feet pointed straight ahead. You have to work on that and maybe for four to six weeks, it's going to feel like you're standing pigeon-towed and you're going to have to look down and make that correction because it's not going to be automatic. But the more we practice and we synchronize as you were saying can synchronize movement and we synchronize standing correctly and moving correctly, we're retraining our brain. This is now the new thing we want you to do automatically, but we have to put time in in order for that to happen. Everyone wants to integrate in and including myself, but it does take time. It does, but not as much time as people think, because a lot of it is just awareness. You brought it to the central nervous system, you brought up the peripheral nervous system. The last piece, so to speak, is the appropriate sector. So when we talk about the receptors, go get 10 in organs, muscle spindle fibers and these are your lives. These are your sensors. These are the components that lie within your body all over, all over, especially when you talk about the muscle bellies and close to the tendon, the tendon instruction of the muscles. So what these receptors, these pro-perceptors do is they kind of sense, like I say, with the muscle spindle fibers, they sense the stretch and the amount of stretch and the change in length of the muscle. So it's sending signals back to the nervous system saying, okay, your muscle just did this. Do you want to do that? If it's fast enough, reflexively it's going to say, no, we're not going to go there because I don't feel comfortable with the joints moving that far that fast. Then you also have the goalie tendon organs which actually senses tension and tension change. So again, without getting into other components of working out, these two receptors, again, there's different types of receptors, pro-perceptors out there that tell you pressure, change and incentive gravity when you're shifting forward. If you've got more weight on the right side versus left side. So those are the two main ones that we speak through with the National Academy of Sports Medicine. But it's when those receptors, they feel something happening when they feel a shift in length, change in length, the rate of speed of change in length or pressure and change in pressure. It sends a signal to your body. That way your brain kind of has this little, this dynamic awareness of, okay, my body's in this position, this place and it's got this much more weight on it or no weight on it. But the thing about that when it comes to sensing like you're saying, Wendy, your position in space is that if you sense that your feet are turned out, it's going to start turning off those receptors and telling you, oh my feet are turned out. So it's going to start to think that that foot turned out position or that hip tilted position or that knock-need position. It's going to think that is normal, right? And so something that you and I want to do when we teach workshops is that we have we have the students or when we have a chance to speak to the public, we say go ahead and stand there and close your eyes, right? And you're just feeling where your foot is and your body is in space. And then we tell them, turn your feet, so look down at your feet and turn your feet so that you're second and third to or pointing 12 o'clock straight at. Not your big toe pointing straight at, but the middle of your shoe or your middle, middle foot, middle toes or pointing straight ahead, now close your eyes. Now stand there and what does that feel like? And that's where now your feet back is going to be what Wendy? What do they say nine times out of ten? I feel pigeon-tied. Yes. Yes. So they have calibrated, their nervous system is calibrated that what their feet turned out, that is pointing straight ahead so that when you actually rotate it in, now you're like, hey wait, that is not straight ahead, that is actually turned in. But when you look at it, you're actually straight ahead, but that's because your nervous system, your brain has calibrated to be this is normal. And what I'm doing, if you're not watching us on one of our videos here, if you're not standing there, your zero is your feet turned out. But when you internally rotate to get your feet pointing straight ahead, you actually feel rotated inward. And that's a great example of bad information in, bad information, bad output. So your body position, your body awareness is going to be skewed. And this is where training, like what you said when they training with strong consideration for proper posture, alignment of your ear, shoulders, hips, knees and ankles, where and when they need to be, depending on the movement. That's why that's so important because if you move from a wrong position or a bad position or less than optimal position, how your body recruits the muscles are going to reflect that bad movement pattern again, it's going to be a downgrade versus an upgrade. Well, and it's interesting that you say that because I have to laugh. I mean, there are so many things that we used to do in workshops. I mean, I know you would do that one. I would do one where I would have someone stand with their feet straight and put their arms out, close their eyes and just march in place. And you know, the whole class would end up laughing because when they're marching in place, I want them to do is pick up one foot. I have the arms out just for safety because I know what's going to happen is they start traveling. And they don't realize that they're not, that they're moving. They feel like they're staying stationary. But as they pick one foot up, they actually start moving and sometimes in sideways or opposite directions. And then after I time it, I'll say, okay, open your eyes and they are nowhere near where they should. Where they started, it's just because, you know, proprioceptively, meaning what's around their environment or what they feel that they're doing isn't necessarily truly what they're doing. And that's what happens with our body. That's the whole purpose that we go through specific training process. We're looking for, okay, we know this muscle is not in an optimal position. We know that because of the way someone stands and what we saw in the assessment. So what can we do to retrain the brain to make this correctly? And that's when we start looking at our corrective exercise of if we go through and form or some of these areas and downregulate the activity. And then we go through the stretching like you just talked about with the muscle spindles. They're going to freak out as soon as they start movement. And then if you hold it for 20 to 30 seconds, they're like, oh wait, nothing's going to tear. Maybe I can relax a little bit further. And that's what gives us a range of motion and a muscle that's sometimes overactive and type. So it's retraining your brain like it's okay to go this range of motion. It's okay to now start firing. But that brings us back into thinking about the brain not being this fixed thing. I mean, our brain is always changing. It's called neuroplacicity if you want. And that means just the neural pathways, meaning the information that we're bringing in and then the information that we're commanding or you know basically saying, I want you to do, we can strengthen that over time because it will weaken. If we don't work on on trying to incorporate new routes of training and new ways of training. But you know, depending on what if there were certain injuries, we may be very protective. We've got to start to override that protection if it's not necessarily something that's good. And when something like learning a new skill, like if you're if I'm teaching Ken how to do something and he's never done it for the first time, it's actually kind of amusing because he's my friend and I'm like, I can't you do this. But with a new client, if they've never done a squat of a certain way that you're asking them to do, it feels very awkward. And then they don't think that they're doing it well and their mechanics and the synchronization of that movement is in great. But as we work on it, each and every session, whether we change it up and do it a very different way, meaning one time what dumbbells one time with cables, but we're still working on that same movement pattern. We become, it becomes easy for us to do. We are synchronized in the movement. The joints are moving optimally together in harmony in the way that they should versus it being this broken. Okay, I'm handging at the hips, then my knees and my my ankles are bending and should be just one solid flowing movement. And that's what we're trying to get our brain to open up and do. So the more we can make those repetitions good and we're teaching good information in, then when they're out doing that same repetition, whether it's sitting up or standing up, whatever it is, still squat, right? But they're not in the gym, they're just doing activities a daily living. That becomes more automatic and we're working our muscles more efficiently in the way that they were intended to move. Absolutely correct. Thanks. Great. Before I get to the next, I do want to write on that thought Wendy, but just want to let you guys know those of you listening to both Wendy Bats and I can Miller here on this episode of random bit. This episode of random fit is brought to you by NASM1, V membership for trainers and coaches. Members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the edge at to schedule and program clients enjoy half off all certifications and specializations, access free CEUs and more. All this for just $35 a month. Go to nsm.org forward slash membership to learn more about NASM1. So, Wendy, while you were speaking, I think you brought up neural plasticity and one of the things that you and I talk about a lot is the neural continuum, right? And it's about putting or implementing changes, something that without increasing the intensity by one pound or moving one inch farther, you can increase the intensity or the complexity, if you will, of a movement pattern by just changing body position. So, one of the things, just to give a quick example, again, Wendy, you've done other podcasts on the neural continuum. But what we are simply talking about is if you were to do something as simple as a bicep curl, right? You do that bicep curl standing on two feet and you just curl your bicep, curl the dumbbells flex the bicep. Then you can go on to an unstable surface. Now, you're standing on an airx pad or something along those lines. You can go staggered stance, single leg stance. So, you're just changing your base of support. Now, here's the thing, you're doing the same bicep curl, but neurologically, it's different because you're changing your base of support. You're changing the complexity and the demand of the activity by changing the base of support. Now, I just had a client yesterday who's coming back from injury, but he's one of those kids when they, and I'm sure you've had these guys hundreds of times. That one guy that just, and he's a high schooler, just to kind of give some context to it. These guys, you got to, you know, tell him to slow down. They just want to go fast and want to go heavy, but here he is. He's in a rehab situation for shoulder, and he just wants a curl and go fast, but how I figured out how to temper him a little bit is get him from two feet to one foot, and then I just say, all you need to do, you can curl as much as you want. Just keep the shoulders in the hips level, right? Keep that one leg hit me in second and third toe in line, and you can curl as much as you want. And guess what? He's so concerned about balance, right? Controlling his body that he can't even do the weight that he used to do, right? Let alone, you know, and of course, your shoulder's hips needs an ankle's all in good one, but because his nervous system has other priorities, and this priority is not curling dumbbells, his priority is don't fall over for one, right? Standing on that single leg, but for two, hips level shoulders level, you can do all you want and just keep those two things, and he's so, you know, now concerned and thoughtful about keeping his hips up, right? Keeping his abs engaged, shoulders back, that he's like, he has to one, slow down, and two, he can't go heavier the way he wants to go heavy. So that's just an example of how you can manipulate the nervous system to increase intensity, right, for the sake, and this example is for the sake of that kid's safety. But for two, let's just say, if I didn't have 25 pound dumbbells where he was using 20, how do I make 20 pound dumbbells? As intense as 25, well, add some complexity to it through challenging the nervous system. Well, and I think sometimes we take that for granted, and we see the same people coming to the gym and they do the exact same exercises all the time, and it's like, you know, when instead of always doing a chest press with a barbell, do dumbbells, do it like you said on an unstable surface, alternate the chest press, do it single arm, do it single arm with rotation. That's when he was in the neural continuum, and doesn't even have to be just lower body, but it can be upper body as well. The more we challenge ourselves, we may have to understand to proper form is important, because no matter how much I lift, if I'm doing it with really bad movement, then those movement patterns is what my brain is learning. And so if I slow things down, which is one of the major things we start with, especially if there's compensation, and I have you really focus on the tempo. So for example, if we're just doing the bicep curl, because everybody knows how to do that, if you come up for one second and you pause and then you go down for four seconds, and you're not moving anything else within the body, you're just truly focusing on bending your elbow up, and then slowing it down, you're actually getting more of those motor units, if you well, so the number of fibers that are working within the muscle, you're recruiting more of those. And so as we start to recruit more and recruit more, the first two to six weeks, as we said in the very beginning, you might not see any gains in size, but you're actually having more gains internally. So therefore when you start lifting heavier, you're able to fire them faster, you're going to have more efficiency within the movement pattern, and then we're going to also signal, or we're going to reduce the signaling of doing things incorrectly, because we're patting at a slower tempo correctly before we start worrying about the amount of weight. And when we can get everything to fire the right way, and then we start to load it, that's when you're truly going to build hypertrophy or size, and you're going to be able to have good joint mobility in order to fully execute that one rep max without compensation. If you've got rounded shoulders and you're going down doing a really heavy chest pressure, putting a lot of pressure on the front portion of that shoulder, and then how many people, oh my shoulder's killing me, oh I've got rotator cuff problems, or I've got a labial tear. Well, you're also looking at them and they're very rounded forward. So if we can get good postural position first by slowing different exercises down to really work on posture, then when they do go down and up in a chest press, their shoulder and joint motion are going to be good. So they're going to see better symmetry, I mean, symmetry is always important, right? And they're also going to be able to lift more, and they didn't change anything except for spending a little bit more time getting the insides stronger and our brain and the different motor units, you know, actually recruited, so therefore we can lift more. And I think that's the part that sometimes we forget. I mean, it's very, it's a lot of anatomy and bio mechanics, but at the end of the day slow it down to it with good posture, and you're going to be able to lift heavier if that's what your angle is. Right. And I think, you know, I guess one final piece to that puzzle, Wendy, is the fact that, you know, when we talk about getting stronger, I mean, for one be patient, it'll happen. It just happens two different ways. So if you're more of a cosmetic athlete, somebody who's working out for either losing fat or putting on muscles, you're basically trying to change how you look physically. I think if you're starting, just starting that journey, just know that you got to be patient, that, you know, that four to six weeks of adaptation, a lot of that initial strength, like you're like we've been saying through the podcast from beginning through now, there's a fact that your strength gains are primarily due to the nervous system, but then after that first four to six week, where the nervous system is a big part of the changes that you're making, maybe not aesthetically, you're only going to burn so many calories, you're only going to lift so much weight. But after about four to six, you know, after a couple months, let's just say, your gains are now going to be based on muscular strength. So once the nervous system has made their changes, they know what muscles to recruit. Now, now the now it's the muscles turn to see some changes. So once the connective tissue tend to this tissue, the muscles themselves, they're bigger, they're getting stronger. Now they can contribute more so to the goals of putting on muscle or spending more calories or whatever your goal may be, as long as you're challenging your body, now it's the muscles turn. So it's the nervous system first and then the muscle. So that when you're seeing this progress through time, again, it's about consistency, it's about staying in it for the long haul until you're done with, you know, working out whenever that may be hopefully it's at the very end. But overall, it's the nervous system first, right? Then the muscles, but then it's that constant updating of that software. As you change things up, you change your routine, you change the challenges, you change the intensity, you change your phase of training from stability through strength and to power. But overall, the nervous system is going to be king. So one day, I think, you know, without being what they call it, brain surgeons, basically you just want to take the fitness side of the contribution of the nervous system or the brain. So I mean, my big takeaway is change a program every four to six weeks. Take the time, do an assessment, find out what's not working correctly, get it to fire correctly, work on your posture, do that something from 12 to 20 repetitions, really slowing down the each centric or the deceleration portion of it. So as you're lengthening the muscle, that's when you're decelerating, slow that down first. And then do what you're normally doing if you've never worked out before and you walk into a gym, you lift as heavy as you can for about five to eight reps and then your super sore never come back. That's not what you want to do. But after you built that foundation first, then start adding that weight. You're going to feel better and you're going to move better. That's where you're going to really start to see kind of the muscles pop and it doesn't matter if you're trying to be a bodybuilder and get a lot of size or you're really trying to quote tone up if you will. That's when you're really going to see those types of changes. But don't don't take for granted the balance, the appropriate section side that we talked about because the more that you can work on those stabilizers within the foot, that's going to help control what's happening at the hips and the glutes, which everybody needs strong glutes and hips. But incorporate different plan, metric training, that's going to help us synchronization. That's truly where we're going to get higher firing rates. So we're going to be able to produce greater force if we're trying to get faster. All of that is important and all of it should be incorporated. So just when you're looking at your program, find out what you're missing. Don't just walk in and just work out. Like walk in with a plan and that's going to be something I think is really important. But make sure to that you're just being smart and what you're doing. Yeah, I mean the brain is just one of those, it's a component that wants to be upgraded. It wants to be changed. So those parts that you talked about when you're with regarding your workout plan, yeah, you need to get into power. You need to move fast. You need to quickly, you need to recalibrate and that's why we do stabilization training intermittently throughout the year. If not recovery sessions to hone in on the aspect of being able to control the body, which means your brain is kind of saying, okay, this is what we got to do to be safe. So it just needs a chance. You know, unfortunately it just needs a chance. Just give me a chance. So hopefully you guys listeners here of the Randolphit podcast of both Wendy Vatsomite, Ken Miller, we appreciate you spending your time with us and hopefully getting at least a little something that can help improve how you live and how you work out. So if you like what you listen to today, like follow, subscribe down low, give us a five out of five rating when you can. But more importantly, let us know what other topics you want us to talk about in the future. So until next time, everybody, take care and be well.

=== FILE: Building + Nutrition Habits and the Downside of Liquid Calories [X7H92CDnsFY].txt ===

In the last video, Kara talked about how to use the habit to create new, positive habits. In previous videos, we talked about the power of starting small land-building tiny habits. Now let's apply this to nutrition behavior. Drinking more water, for example. Simply telling a client to drink more water isn't too effective on its own, so a strategy like what I'll describe may help. Using the framework to discuss around building habits, let's see how we can shape this. Of course there are lots of times of day you can drink more water. But since it would be easiest to spread out and take throughout the day, one cue you could encourage here would be to have a glass of water immediately after waking up. So when I wake up, then I drink a glass of water. Yes, it can be that simple. To craving, then can be the feeling of drinking a glass of water before anything else. That feeling of what you're about first in the morning or the feeling of how that feels in your body when you first drink it. The response then is deciding how much to drink. If the goal is, let's say, drinking half their body weight announces each day. For example, well, then starting with an 8 ounce glass may be sufficient because you're going to spread it out throughout the day. Finally, the reward might be as simple as checking off a calendar that the client drank water or market an nutrition log or tracker. So these can be pretty simple. It really depends what the client would benefit from and this can be decided together. While this may seem rather straightforward, when stacked together with other positive habits, you can see how magic can start to happen. One of your client stacks together that simple habit of drinking 8 ounces of water each morning with a 5 or 10 minute morning walk afterwards. When they get back from their walk, then maybe to enjoy a piece of fruit and take their vitamins for example. Next thing we know, more and more positive habits are in place and they take permanent residence leading to the desired outcomes. So you can see how all these tiny habits can add up to equal big results. Now, keep in mind, all these habits wouldn't take place or shouldn't be suggested overnight. The beauty of tiny habits is that they happen over time and get stacked on top of each other once previous behaviors have been established. Now, it's important to consider this example. Many times clients really want to unlearn a negative habit and they might decide to swap in water for other liquid calories. It's a great idea nutritionally speaking because on average, people consume about 450 calories each day from liquid alone. And that can mean things like soft drinks, fruit drinks, alcohol, sports drinks, you name it. Those calories can add up pretty quickly. But it's not as simple as just adding in the water as the new positive choice in place of the others. Because let's face it. What we might install the virtues of choosing water as the main beverage of choice, many people are committed to their soft drinks, their sweet, sweet tea, or their craft IPA's. In cases where your clients have ingrained habits around choosing less healthy options, we need to start with unlearning the negative habits first. Check out the next video where Kara will walk you through this example. See you there.

=== FILE: CES Basics Inhibit & Lengthening Techniques [SBYvtG8mHBM].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and live. My name is Prentice and I am here as always with Wendy Bats and Marty Miller. How are you all doing today? Thank you. All right and today we're going to continue our discussion with CES and we want to dive a little bit deeper into the first two steps in the corrective exercise process. Just in inhibiting and lengthening and I'm just going to say something about that briefly and then I'll let the two of you dive in. So ideally what we want to accomplish in inhibiting to use a simple analogy, we want to turn the volume down in that muscle so that we can actually get. We can actually go to the second lesson and allow flexibility to occur. So these are these two steps are very important before you take your clients through any sort of intense exercise or even try to do the next two steps in the corrective exercise process. So Marty can you tell us what's happening, what's the nervous system doing, what's happening, what's happening chemically when we when we inhibit a muscle. Gotcha. Well, there's a lot going on. I mean we've all, you know, throughout the time got either massage or just felt something tight and we just, you know, started to just kind of grab a muscle and squeeze it. It's just almost like a natural thing when we have we feel some excitement in a muscle. So really in the simplest words as you said it's turning it down. So what's happening is that increase in pressure. The body senses that and the goal G tendon organ is like, well, wait a minute, you know, there's a lot of pressure here. I'm going to relax myself. So I'll go back to why that is is. Thank goodness, Francis, I'll speak for us because we're man and we would do stupid things and get hurt that our body has these natural protective mechanisms Wendy smile and because she knows right. That if there was too much load, we might just kind of keep trying to lift it right, premise and then eventually something bad could happen like, you know, too much tension could cause a strain, a stress, a snap. So there's this protective mechanism in the body, your goal G tendon organ that senses, hey, pressure is building up here. I don't like it too much pressure. I'm going to cause relaxation. So we can use that protective mechanism to our advantage by using foam rolling. So we put some pressure into the body, the body and the muscle sense that and then just causes a real relaxation of that. So really that's all we're doing is getting the central nervous system to sense the pressure and then say, okay, that's enough. Let's just calm it down and let that muscle come back to its normal resting, you know, excitability should cycle. Okay, and Dr. David Bane, who's one of the, he's one of the current leading researchers and flexibility also mentioned a couple of other, a couple of other mechanisms that are in place when we're a foam when we're doing any type of a myofascial technique. Can you explain a little bit what's happening at the what's happening at the muscle spindle. When we're, when we're in inhibition when we're practicing inhibition and corrective exercise process. So the muscle spindle again is another protective mechanism. It's going to sense length and rate of length change. So you know the example I'll introduce if we're playing a sport and I stick my arm out. And somebody runs past me and all of a sudden their force is taking my arm behind me quickly. I don't have time to process that information that rapid stretch will be sensed by my central nervous system. And the muscle spindle is going to cause it to stop that rapid stretch by tightening. So again, these goals you tend in organs and muscle spindles play together in the sense of protecting the body. And one senses the rate of change and the other one senses the rapid change in length. And they'll both at some point cause the muscle to stop. So that way there's no injury and then you can use those to your benefit to cause a relaxation. Okay. All right. So we did at one point in our previous text our recommendation was to just hold the area when we're doing an inhibition for for 30 seconds. But now we've we've relaxed that a little bit. We've we've started to pinning and pin and stretch and and some areas continuous rolling. Can you explain why we've taken that path now. Certainly. So a couple of different things is we've always have with any SM one that research shows that we need to add something to the model will add it. So more and more research has been done on phone rolling and you know, like we call itself myalphascialize now we're calling itself myalphascial rolling because sometimes the answer isn't as always clear on what's going on. We know it works. But there's always been advanced techniques from the physical therapy world, you know, when he's a licensed massage therapist there's always these techniques that have been utilized. In hands on therapy so now there's been more research on can you do some of these with an impromole or ticket extra or maybe more benefits from just that standard rolling. So any SM went out and dug through the research made sure that it was the best apparent research out there and is added things like the pin and stretch. So the pin and stretch is now you're just applying pressure and then you're going through a range of motion. Why you've got that foam roller pinning the muscle now now one there could be more pressure into that muscle activating the GTO etc. But it also helps limit that range that muscle kind of pins it down and then now you can really focus on more isolated parts of the muscle as well. We could kind of lock that portion down and then as you add the range motion now you can really be more specific and targeting how you want to improve that muscle's mobility. Okay great now are there any other mechanisms that that you can think of. Though that that we've talked about in the text that that are happening when we hit it. I know one of the one of the things we talked about was hydration that pressure causing a fluid exchange. Can you talk about that a little bit for our listeners. Yeah so again as we're you know we will highlight one of the key features when we talk about a lot but there's always more going on from essential nervous system also from you know lymphatic system etc because there's always fluid in these muscles right we're hopefully extremely hydrated. We're all going to have hydration to some level but we are moving fluid at the same time so as you're moving the foam roller back and forth. Not just affecting the muscle tissue you're affecting the nervous system as we've already talked about but you're also affecting you know the fluid within that muscle as well to get it like a pumping effect in a sense and increasing circulation moving fluid throughout that muscle so it's great for recovery as away from from a warm up technique and that's why we use it before and after. Okay thank you for for those explanations and I hope that's clear to everyone who's listening. So now Wendy that we've turned the volume down we want to want to stretch one of stretch these joints or move these joints through a greater range of motion increase some of the extensibility in those muscles. Why do we lengthen why do we lengthen and how do you know what to do with. I'm still stretching my hamstrings and we'll not really just. I think it's perfect. I'm not getting any more flexible so what's happening. Well I mean techniques like static stretching and assisted pan F stretching are used to restore the ideal lengthens to relationships that enhance range of motion that of specific joints that were identified as limited during the assessment process. So lengthening techniques like the static and assisted pan F stretch don't actually make the muscles longer but they're leveraging the nervous system to increase the stretch tolerance of the targeted muscles. So increasing the stretch tolerance will improve the tissue extensibility and the ability of the joints to move through greater ranges of motion during exercise. To kind of put it a little bit differently. Lengthening techniques help to further calm overactive and short muscles down and that's going to minimize the effect of altered reciprocal inhibition during activation and integration. Steps of the corrective exercise continuum. So this is going to lead to improve force couple relationships and enhance movement patterns. And so that's why we do it immediately after the inhibit you know in the continuum. So we would formal or you know we would use the inhibiting techniques first and then go into the stretch. Okay perfect. So the next question for you when the is so so how do you know how do you know what we should be lengthening and can we do just a general head to toe yoga routine. Is that going to be beneficial for everybody. So it comes down to what we've talked about and everything you know what what's their basis of determining how what even kind of program to design. It's assessments assessments assessments. So do the transitional assessments look at the overhead squad see what compensations are happening after you put them in the five kinetic chain checkpoints. See where the deviations lie mark it down. If you're new to this type of stuff use the solutions table to find out what muscles are overactive and what muscles are underactive. And then the muscles that are showing up is overactive are the ones that you want to use these specific to technique to focus on first. Because what we're trying to do is gain ideal length back into that muscle that has been shown to be shortened or overactive. Okay, yeah, thanks for that explanation. So what are some general when we're when we're laying. What are some general guidelines? How do we do it? How do we implemented? How do we how do we do inhibition and then this next step without taking up 30 minutes of our training program. Well again, you know, it does take practice and the more that you do this type of thing you're going to realize how long this up takes. You know, we've talked multiple times in the past about, you know, doing the assessment writing down all of these muscles and areas that you need to focus on in order to get greater length back into those shortened and overactive muscles. So you can give your clients homework to do at home so they can work on those. But in the gym, I mean, if you choose anywhere from, you know, I would say two to three or even three to four specific areas to focus on that are causing the biggest compensations. That you that are are going to be the most critical in the program. If you focus on those, I think ideally you're going to set your up for success in the program. Now with that being said, you know, we're doing static stretching. So therefore you're going to get into the ideal stretch, which is you're going to take the muscles to the point of first resistance. So it's going to be a little uncomfortable, but it shouldn't feel like you're stretching the muscle apart. And then you're going to hold that for 20 to 30 seconds. And then, you know, same type of thing with the auto genic inhibition holding that and then once, you know, you can get greater range of motion. You can either go a little bit deeper and do it again. Or you can switch and go on to a different muscle group. So it depends on how much time you have it depends on how compliant or client is. But I mean, ideally, this is super important. And this is also these two areas or the areas that your clients will say, oh, I don't have time for that. Let's just start the program. But it's important for us as trainers that we emphasize the importance of doing it either when they get there on their own and you see them do it. Or you do it with them before you get started. And do you mind if I ask you a follow up question on that? Sure. So everybody's everybody comes in to see you as an individual. And having said that everybody, everyone's nervous system is on different frame. How do you know? How do you know when you're, when your client's ready for the next step of training? What are some things that those trainers listening now? Can look out what can they look out for? Understand to know that their client is ready to move on to activation. Oh, well, I mean, basically, again, you know, it is a continuum. So when you say move on to activation, I mean, you want to look at the muscles that are overactive that you've determined in the assessment. And then you're going to find out what's underactive because once you get the muscle back to hopefully it's ideal length. Because again, you're not going to increase length of a muscle. You're getting it back to its ideal length of what you're hoping for. But in order to maintain that, you have to activate the opposing side, which I know is what we're going to kind of talk about in the future. But if you do that, that's actually going to increase range of motion at the joint, which is going to produce better movement patterns throughout the workout. So as soon as you get done with again, three to four stretches, it may not be you're not solving everything at once. And again, it is a, you know, it's a continuum. It does take time. Again, it takes four to six weeks for our body to adapt to the new demands replacing on it. And that includes stretching as well. So we can't just assume that after one or two sessions that that muscle is going to go and be perfect. It does take time and it does take a lot of work. Okay, great. Thank you. And I want to go back to you, Marty. But before I move on, I take exception to something that you said, I've not done anything stupid today. So we can take today. In general. Yeah, in general. I'm on a, it, my clock resets every day. So, so right now, when we're, when we're working within the lengthening, portion of the corrective exercise process, do we only perform static stretching or can we use active and dynamic? And what are the cases for each? Okay. The answer that will be it depends. It depends on what phase of training on it. So in general, we want everyone to go through the, the, the, O PT model and improve their human movement as they go. Sometimes you will find that depending on, you know, when you meet people, what their current training program is, what they're willing to change, you may not get everybody to start back at the process. What we want, of course, the best case scenario. So, you know, if I have someone that's got, you know, they move fairly well, but they still have some slight tightness in there. So, if you have a certain kind of complex, or complex, I could do the foam rolling for whatever body parts I think is appropriate for what I'm going to put them through. I could statically stretch their hip flexors, but then I would go right into active. And I might stay there if I'm going to stay in the strength phase, or I may have to move to dynamic if I'm going to have them go do something more powerful because you can improve a lot of human movement. So, if you're going to be coming right out of, you know, let's say 45 minute commute or, you know, eight hour day at their desk, they might move well, but they still may a week before you put them into, you know, that higher level. So, the way the model is written is in a perfect linear progression and really disseminating what the science is for each of those phases. But that doesn't mean that when Wendy or myself or you apprentice, you know, we train somebody, we don't use the entire model to our advantage. But if I had to say anything more than, you know, what's most important is, don't move them too quickly and don't think, oh, since I can do all three type stretches they're ready for dynamic in power right away, no, it's not what I'm saying. I'm saying that if there's a chance that somebody moves well enough to go through to a power workout, it's okay to do a static stretch in the beginning of the workout. Just remember the models stacked on top of each other for a reason, they still need to do their act of stretching and then they would need to do something dynamic. We're not going to do something statically, get everything to calm down, not fire up those other muscles and movement patterns to get them ready for the power. So, again, the model's beautiful, it's why it answers every question. It's just having a full deep understanding on how to use it case by case. Okay. So, do you mind if I give you a case, I want to put your ATC hat back on for this. And during the ballpark, you're in the ballpark or on the basketball court and you're getting, you're getting your athletes ready to play. How do you take them through the corrective exercise process to get them game ready? Yeah, and then now this is a great point because last time I was in pro sports, I got higher right before the season really started. I didn't have the full off season to get everybody through what I would have wanted to in a perfect world. So, they were coming into me, quote unquote in shape, but they moved for rifically, right? So, athletes are in great shape sometimes, but they're just tremendous compensators doesn't move, doesn't mean they move efficiently. I didn't have the choice of saying, hey guys, time out, I need six weeks. You know, it was like, wait a minute, it's day one spring training. So, what we had to do was kind of merge the whole system together. So, first we did is we did everyone's assessments and we highlighted people that truly needed a lot of attention from corrective exercise, maybe even manual therapy, etc. That we felt, okay, you're not injured, you're still going to go on the field, but you really need a very specialized program that you're not going to get in the teams generalized. Warm up. Then when we did the teams warm up, we started out with some static stretching. We didn't foam roll on the field, but we encouraged people to do it before they would walk out to the field. And then we would go through basically if you have to kind of, you know, gas in a sense where people are going to be tight. Most people are going to be tight in their calf complex, hitplex or complex, add doctor complex, lats, pack, and then neck. And then neck. So, we would put those in in a progressive way where we'd start out slow with the static, then we moved through active, and then we moved into dynamic. And then in between there, I put some core stabilization exercise in, they would do a plank. They might do a side plank, they might do a bird dog, they would do some loop bridges. As I moved out of static into the other phases, so that way, I'm getting these movement patterns fired up, I'm getting their central nervous system fired up, I'm starting to get them a little more ready from when we got them up and started doing some. Running programs, but again, even the running was progressive, right, 50% and a longer deceleration 75% then I'd start to shorten the deceleration. So that way everything would have a very progressive manner and then we really encouraged. They're doing the training that they'd go through all the phases of training and then every time we try to get them to do recovery work is best we could because we need them to be ready for the next days practice. So we would have everybody come in and do foam rolling static, stretching or if they were kind of flagged manual therapy and then that additional process. So if I can so that if I can paraphrase you you're using the process you're calming down their nervous system to get that range of motion and then you're firing that nervous system back up to the speed in which they need to perform correct. Getting that fire backup with the proper movement patterns now because we've got calm things down that maybe we're going to do too much work if we jumped right in and ahead them start moving. Okay, and I'm going to ask you the same thing Wendy because I know that I also did this while ago where you would have a player who players are now using personal trainers in addition to their their strengthen conditioning staff with their teams. I've had the player come in like five weeks before the season or five weeks before big fight and say hey coach I need to get in shape. I need to get in shape for camp can you help me out so when the what kind magic do you work in those five to six weeks before the player has to report. Again, you know I worked with all different sports and I think it really depends on this for itself I mean right now we've got mainly like PGA golfers and MBA people are who I'm currently working with today so taking that into consideration you know you've got these golfers that are still going out I'm going to use golf right now as an example but you've got these golfers that are going out to play practice games and you know because obviously they're not playing anything major right now. However, they're coming in with three degrees of internal hip rotation and they're still doing things and wanting to know why they can increase their club head speed or why they're you know feeling things and their lower back when you know us now as professionals and kind of getting used to using this this continuum and then trying to build off of it. You're going to look at the assessment again you're going to find out what's over active so when a client comes in and and we have a certain amount of time we are going to try to inhibit those those areas that are over active. We're going to activate it and so for us like I'm trying you know and it doesn't matter what athlete but if I now bring in an MBA guy you know the guys that we have come in I'll do some manual therapy work. I'll have them I'll do some P&F stretches with them then we immediately go into activation and that's with everyone so every one of my clients no matter what phase they're in I immediately have them do some sort of group bridge and lateral to walking. And for me it's because a majority of those individuals especially professional players and every day people that sit down and have common compensations their glutes are weak their outer hips are weak and they're causing a lot of. You know movement and balances that are going to affect their overall performance in their program so I always choose to worth three corrective exercises that we do and then we begin their actual their actual workout. So you know if there's major compensations will start in phase one if we're limited on the amount of time we have we may do you know phase one for a week or two depends on how often I get to see them. And then we would go into a phase and then we may have to jump straight into power I mean it depends on how long I truly have to get them ready to go. But you know if it's a complete off season that we actually go through the entire five or six phases depending on how we're looking at it. Or even seven up and seeing us all the way up to to power and or max power and and then we're undulating the periodization you know so we're trying to maximize and make them as explosive as possible but so making sure that every time they walk in. They're not broken down and if so we need to try to look at what are the major things we're seeing right then let's. Let's try to relax those muscles are active and then immediately debate those things and then get them into their program so doing this the corrective exercise continuing on the front end of any workout. I think is. Is very critical for what I do and for and I've seen nothing besides success using it with anybody whether they've ever worked out all the way up to the highest level. Okay, thank you for that and Wendy we want to stay with you. I want to ask you a couple more questions so you're going to have to go to your put your LMT hat on tell us. Now we talk about the foam roller and we have various vibration and percussive techniques but can you elaborate on some inhibition techniques that we can use. For for our muscles in the first part of the corrective exercise continue. Well sure I mean as a license professional can use the manual therapy techniques like you know massage or assisted soft tissue mobilization. However if we're looking at the context of a personal trainer or extra sized corrective specialist or fitness you know fitness and strength and conditioning professionals. You can leverage tools like foam rollers the roller balls the handheld devices like a stick at their cane. You know it's anything like that to perform compression or compression with movement techniques to target those specific soft tissues. You can also you know use local vibration tools like the the high price. You know the Viper the high for sphere balls and and that's something that the clients can use themselves at home as well as when you're with them. And you can also add the local vibration you know because there's a ton of benefits with that. And you can also add a little more effective at enhancing range of motion than just rolling alone. And it also increases the pressure paint tolerance making it less painful for clients which you know. A lot of times people don't like to foam roll because it hurts too much and sometimes that vibration can calm that down as well. And then of course there's the handheld muscle percussion devices like the hypervolt or the theragon those type of. And then you can also add the devices that offer a little more passive experience with your clients and then have have also shown to be also very very effective. Okay, I want to ask you brought up a really good point about vibrant and tolerance. So when we're using those those vibration or progressive devices do we what setting do we want it on do we want it at the low setting or do we turn it up to 11. Hi, you know start high. No, you know it really depends on it depends on the area that you're working on. I mean, you know to me personally if I'm using let's say the Viper which is the foam roller and I have it on my back and I'm like doing you know trying to get a little more. The ratic extensibility and mobility and that portion because I'm at a computer all day. You know if I put it up really high I feel like my my rib cage and my heart are going to explode out of my body and it's just not very comfortable. You know so for that area I may choose a lighter setting. I mean always start light and work your way up because again, you know you don't want to go to the dreams as a lot of different. Research out there depending on the the actual vibration hurts and stuff and like. You know what kind of benefits you get in certain areas of your body but in all reality if you're client's going to do it. Then let them kind of play around with the settings and have them do it on one that they're comfortable with and then as that gets easier. Then you know for instance on the Viper there's three levels start at one then go to two and then go to three and it can be over time or it can even be in that same session. So if you're doing your calves start at one then go to two and then go to three. All right. Thank you and and there's no and then going with that higher setting there's no adverse effects nothing that trainer should be worried about using those higher settings with the client. I mean obviously you know we want to think about the contra and occasions anyway so you know if there's any contra and occasions to start and they shouldn't be using any type of. And so you know if they're going to be using that type of. They're not supposed to get deep in sheer massages I mean you know we want to look at whether that person should be even doing you know using that type of. That type of device before they even try this so I mean if they've gotten cleared the doctors cleared them they've never had any problems and they they want to use it. Then I think it's it's fair game and they're going to get a lot of benefit out of it. So since you were just talking Wendy I'm going to give you a break. And get back to you. So we'll start with you Marty this question is coming in from Hannah and Hannah wants to know if you can elaborate on the pen and stretch technique. She uses the specific examples of the calves or or the quatt quadriceps hit flexors. What do you mean by saying move through the range of motion while rolling I think you got you touched on that earlier she says that she's CDS certified but with the old material and not she doesn't understand what encompasses the. And then stretch technique gotcha. So let's start if we were doing our calf complex a lot the way I like to do it is I'll go through the whole muscle belly and see if I find an area that's more sensitive than others if you're in a shorter time period you might just go to the first spot you feel. So again you're going to find an area that is sensitive. Again, as always it's appropriate because the pin and stretch technique may make it feel a little bit more intense depending on the person so we don't want it to be that 10 out of 10. So say I'm in mid calf and I feel a little tenderness at that point I'm going to take my foot and now actively beridore suffocation because as I'm coming in a door suffocation my calf complex has to lengthen and now I've pinned that muscle belly down so now I'm getting that. Stretch from where the pin or where I put pressure into that calf complex and I can really centralize that stretch and now I'd also recommend moving in three planes of motion so you can actually rotate your leg a little bit internally rotate your leg. And sometimes as you go through that complex and don't always just stick in that neutral position as on as all your five kinetic chain checkpoints are lying it. It's good to actually rotate and get into some of the perineels is good to rotate internally getting some that medial calf and then I would just do the same thing I would let my foot relax and go into a more planar flexion then slowly it's not a fast motion come into doors of flexion and when I feel increased pressure I'll hold that position. for a second or two and then try to work past that in the quad I'd be more like in my plank position and then I would just bring my leg into or my knee into flexion like my heel towards my butt and again trying to increase that length in my rectus for more as quad as. finding that pressure point again I'll also roll my leg back and forth internal external a little bit to see you know if I can really find that specific area as I go through that knee extension to knee flexion. Thank you for that Marty and I wanted to I wanted to highlight something that both of you said both of you said earlier and that's about that that pain response now your body tightens up because it. in some cases it can be a protective mechanism it's not sure what it's doing in space it's not going to allow that joint to move and what you're doing when in that pin and stretch technique Marty. laid that out force perfectly but when you're moving that joint through its active range of motion your body's going to give you a couple of signals a couple of barriers that. you don't want to cross or it's going to start to have the opposite effect so you want to move gradually. gradually increase that range of motion until your nervous system says okay I get it you can move now so. and that's something as Wendy said also you need it's going to take time to practice to learn how you learn how you move learn how your clients move so that you can use this technique effectively and when you did you have anything to add to that point. I think you guys did a great job. Okay so this next question is for you Marty you see a bunch of compensations on your assessment how do you know which to inhibit and which to lengthen can you inhibit some and stretch others and do they have to be the same so let's give you let's give. let's give you a case of an asymmetrical way shift that's something that we may commonly see on an overhead squad assessment and take us through that process and I think that'll answer. help answer the question. Sure so starting from the high it like the broadest answer then working our way down is you can foam roll every muscle group you know because muscle that's chronically shortened is going to have tension and a muscle that's constantly lengthened and being pulled on and is sent is going to have tension. So the good news is you can foam roll everything as long as you're following the instructions in the book you're not like foam rolling your sternocloidal mass to either you're putting the big foam rollers in your lumbar spine or so it was fine so if you follow those guidelines. You can foam roll any muscle now in the book we are identifying the overactive tissues because we're really trying to get to the point and change how people move. So we're foam rolling the overactive muscles that are causing bad motion or faulty movement and then we're going to statically stretch those now when you go to the static stretching you only want to lengthen muscles that are chronically lengthened there's no value in stretching every muscle. Every muscle it's already at its maximum length or past you're not going to get any benefit and kind of going back to what you said in the last. Second or two is you can go in the opposite direction and you know get negative effects so be very specific. So we have the solution table in there for you so study that every time you assess somebody. You're going to look at exactly what muscles are listed and that's at the best way to learn. So I'm going to pause and say don't go by how somebody feels necessarily because they lengthened muscle can feel tight to somebody that's why we assess. You know we've talked about the hamstring complex before. So now when we jump into the asymmetrical shift now let's just talk about going through just foam rolling the muscles that are overactive and stretching the muscles that are overactive. Okay, so if we're having an asymmetrical shift to my right. So you've got to look at the best way I remember when I was taught is think about the pelvis. Did the pelvis move toward one femur in a way from the other that's how you determine what's adopted and what's abducted because that really confuses a lot of people. I wish I had my dry eraser board when you know that like to draw. So if I shift to my right my pelvis move to my right which now means my pelvis is closer to my right femur. So it's in a generally ad-ducted position. Now since my pelvis moved away from my left femur that's in an ab-ducted position. So those would be your overactive muscles right off the bat. So you would go through and it's again it's in the manual it's in your textbooks on which ones you'd fall and which ones you would activate. So you're going to actually do the opposite on each side of your body because again going back to stretching everything and strengthening everything. If you have an asymmetrical shift, how can you correct it if you don't do something different on one side of the body than the other. So that's where a lot of people get confused in the asymmetrical shift. You know we're not going to meet we you know towards the end of these maybe Wendy Bolver and asymmetrical shift is a case study but generally speaking clearly my right ad-ductors would be overactive because they're pulling me you know my femur my pelvis together. And then my left abductors would be overactive and so I go through that process and that's what I foam roll to inhibit. And then I stretch and then we go to the opposite muscle groups to activate to try to bring everything back into its ideal posture. Okay, thanks for that answer to for you. Yeah, and I want to pick up pick up one of the other points and kind of use our assessment flow chart as as an example. You get a lot of compensations we've all been sitting at home for six to eight weeks. We have stuff going on. There're going to be a lot of there going to be a lot of muscles that show up tight on our transitional assessments. How do you know which ones to prioritize so that we're not doing this forever. Yep. So I think we touched on this before and you know the key thing is and Wendy mentioned this in the very beginning practice practice practice practice the more you practice the more you're going to see patterns. Right, you're going to see hey if I do this I saw a lot of things clean up and again remember there's more than one assessment which will help you narrow in your focus. So if you do the modified assessment you elevate the heels and you see everything clean up you know hey a lot of things improved when I focused and I took the foot nank a lot of it so they must have a lot of issues there. And then you're also as you study the solutions table you're going to see that the hip flexors cause multiple movement compensations. So you'll start to learn how to prioritize also if somebody has more than one compensation which is very common two things you're going to look at which is the the biggest compensation. And then also what body part of my training today from doing total body then I may have to kind of look at though everything but if I'm only doing lower body. And then I think about their arms falling forward as much as I would their low back archer their feet turn out. So that's where you have to determine on you know is it a half hour program and I'm not doing total body and I'm only doing lower body today well then I'm going to focus of course on their lower body. If today's more upper body day and they're doing some pressing patterns then I may have to look at okay why their arms falling forward why do they have the forward head posture. We want to clean it all up. Again, you know, going back to what when he said the better you get a programming I can sprinkle in what I call a lot of accidental exercise. Why I'm doing other things you know keep in their chin in the right position keep in their shoulders back like you by keeping those five kinetic chain checkpoints in order at all times. Those positions you're getting them more used to those positions even if I didn't have the chance to foam roll and do all the stretching I'd still rather teach them to always be in the right five kinetic chain checkpoints if I had to isolate their lower body still going to have some carry over not as good as if we had the time to do everything. But that's why you know when the hammer those five keys all the time she calls it and that's why she's smiling in everything because again. It all it all add up over time and making somebody a more efficient mover. Okay, thank you. Thank you, Marty. I want to go back to you. I want to go back to you Wendy and Marty brought this up a couple of times with the with the head. Now we've all been working at home. We've all been working at home and I like everyone have a screaming case of laptop neck. And my where my upper cervical spine is is hyper extended so I have that forward head forward head carriage. Let's go back to. Inhibition techniques and. Is there anything we can do that a trainer can do or someone can do to inhibit like that sub occipital area. And so that's something that definitely needs work because of the process we adopt day. Is there something that we can do for that? Well certainly I mean you know the thing is is you know we often see the big foam rollers and obviously now the new hyper volt system. I mean obviously you're not going to take the volt to the occipitals. I mean I get you could but it's probably not advised. You can get tennis balls and put them in a sock and just place them kind of right in the in the base of that area or something that is a little bit harder or even your fingers and just kind of hold those areas and relax it. Now granted if you don't have a license to do that with your client you know you can you can really just get them more instead of inhibiting with a foam roller just get more of the stretch is going on. Obviously we know if it's forward there's internal clata mastoy does really you know causing a lot of issues and the muscles in the back are really weak that's allowing that compensation to occur. So you know by going through the three different next stretches for the scaleings that the sterno and and the levators if they're you know obviously elevated and in a rotated position. So you know you can see that there are two static stretches of those and then then going into just retraction of the chin or I'll tell a client if they're actually driving. Try to actually make double chins against the back of their their headrest because when people drive now you'll notice that a lot of the car seats even push their head in a forward position versus keeping them in a back position or. You know just going through doing just chin tucks you know for as slow you know hold for three to five seconds and then relax so there are different things that you can do without it having to be like this big long you know process it's it's really just kind of looking at what are the muscles that are causing it and then how can't what can you do to fix it so. Yeah and I love my hypervolt as well just using it back in that area reminds me of a scene from a. No country for old men. Another movie. Yeah, really. But you can take it nice and easy to actually can feel good if you just take it and go there just don't actually hit the bones it doesn't feel the greatest when you're actually in that area. Yeah. Exactly. And let's just stay with you on that on that train of thought when the what if you can't do what if you have. A client that has some challenges with mobility or their ability to get up and down and can't do in hip-a-tory techniques. How do you how do you work with them in this case. Yeah well that's a great question because it's going to you know it commonly happens and so it's very valid. But going back to our earlier question about you know what are the different ways to inhibit a muscle for the clients who are less mobile. You can leverage some of the different tools that are available like the handheld devices such as a stick with their cane to stuff that we've discussed. But you know you can also modify the position of your client by doing things in a seated position standing things like that. Some of the more recent research shows that you don't need a ton of pressure to elicit positive you know a positive effects. So with rolling and other myelfashile techniques like harder is not always better so you know to that point and other advantage with these tools that use vibration. You know is that you don't necessarily need a ton of pressure to still experience the benefits. You know especially if you are using something with a vibration stimuli you know but you know if worst comes to worse you know you can take a client and put them up against a wall with a foam roller and just have them kind of lean into that. You know you can take a roller and put it underneath and their ad dr. Magnus and have them sit into that. So you don't have to always put someone on the floor you know you want to think. If if you can't get them in a comfortable position and they can't for some reason do any kind of of rolling technique or any of these other you know using any of the other devices because maybe they they do have a contraindication. Then you would just take that out of the program because it's not beneficial for that client and it's deemed unsafe. So then you would just have them do static stretches you know on the appropriate muscles that they need to stretch. You know you're going to do that instead of maybe just doing one rep for 20 to 30 seconds you may have them to two or three different reps and instead of doing to 20 to 30 seconds maybe you hold them a little bit longer. So again everyone is individualized for a reason and you just kind of have to think of what's going to benefit them the best to get. You know any kind of elongation of a muscle that has been shown to be short or overactive. up on one more, one more, we're actually one of the points that you made about not needing super hard foam rollers. Now both of you fork with big athletes and you may have seen in the popular fitness space a couple of years ago that you get some of these big guys in there, the proponents of taking something just short of a steam roller and rolling over the muscle. Even with, even with someone that big, can you explain the density of the roller and kind of what they should be using to have beneficial effects? This is for both of you, just jump right in there. Well, so I'll go first, sorry Marty, but like because I'm sure you can pinpoint something then I'm, and you know obviously this after the implement, the less pressure is going to be put on it. You know, so again, you know the foam rollers that are white, they break down very easy, but they're also give, they have a little bit more give, so they're not as painful, you know it usually goes white and then you know blue and then gray and then you know then you can get into some of the ones that have you know the harder devices that don't break down over time. Obviously you want to think about the density of the roller as well. The smaller the implement, the deeper it goes. So if I did you know where to do manual therapy, my thumb is going to hurt a heck of a lot more than if I gave a client a foam roller because my thumb is a lot smaller than a roller. So you want to think that if a client cannot relax and they can't, they're in so much pain and you have them on a white foam roller and it's the easiest one that you can possibly give them and they still can't relax on it then they're really not going to get the benefits that we're talking about in the whole purpose of why we're having them rolled to begin with. So at that point what you do is give them two rollers and put them side by side because again you gotta think now instead of it being more specific you increase that that you know the roller is now over a wider base so you're not putting as much pressure on those specific points. Oftentimes you see people on their you know their TFL or you know they're rolling their their quads and they're so miserable and they can't relax really getting the benefit but if you put two rollers side by side then they start to relax and then it gets easier and as their body adapts to that then you can take the other roller away then you can start to increase the the stiffness of the roller or whatever implement you're using to to get those benefits. Okay Marty do you have anything to add to that? No I've covered everything but the the only thing I'd say too is what I see people do is they just think it's better but it's hurt so much that they don't spend any time on the roller and then they go really fast and it looks impressive that they were foam rolling on a piece of PVC which I've seen but I'm like but she didn't spend any time on it because I heard so bad and that's a sue even if their muscle was relaxed so it's you know it's we're looking for desired outcome it's not about you know like you said rolling on like toolballs and PVC and you can get to that point if there's a reason great but also at what point are we bruising the muscle anyways and yeah you know if you need that much maybe you're good and just do a maintenance with something that's not quite so aggressive. Okay all right perfect thank you for that and for those of you who are listening we have a couple more minutes with Wendy and Marty please ask ask any questions that you have this is very important and this kind of sets the table for what goes on or like the effectiveness of your training session so ask questions and while we're waiting let's start with you Marty what are your what are you taking away today and how do how do people find after this sure the biggest thing with any of the corrective stuff and you know I can even tie this into fitness is consistency right like you don't get in shape overnight and you have to do things all the time to stay in shape but corrective is so important because you know Wendy's heard me say I know apprentice you're gonna say no one even sleeps an ideal posture so even if I spent 10 minutes a day doing some light correctives there's 23 hours and 50 minutes where I'm probably in some level of bad positioning the imposters and when I'm working out I should be an ideal posture all the time but you know where computers I travel a lot before all this and you know say a cumulative stress that we have to take care of so I try my absolute best to do corrective multiple times a day you know in between calls it's up I'll go hit a foam roller or two I've got them spread out throughout my house so they're in every room so I don't even have to go search and form I travel with one in my bag one on air plane so I can you know always be doing that so the key thing is be consistent with it and you know you're gonna find such huge benefits that you'll be more apt to want to give it to your clients and then they're gonna see the benefits of it so that's my big takeaway is consistency and then to find me my Instagram is miller dot marty seven two and then my NSM email is marty dot miller at nsam dot oarge all right thank you marty thanks for those thoughts thank you for your contribution today and thanks for sharing sharing some of your afternoon with us but for for you of course and Wendy before you give us your big takeaways Libby has a question and thank you for listening today Libby and I forgot to thank Hannah so thank you Hannah if you're still with us but Libby wants to know if you have any thoughts on voodoo floss bands she found that they can eliminate pain immediately she's never used them on her clients but they enabled her to continue a workout you have any thoughts on that um you know what I'm not I haven't ever used them so I'm probably not the right person to ask for that Marty I don't know if you ever have I haven't used them yet I've been doing the research on it and I think like some other advanced techniques under the right application with the right person and with the right client I think the looks like there could be potential for it I mean I know we cover it in our you know our ad and we add that into our new corrective so I still think it's it is early stages from a research concept so I think that there's we're really going to have to study the contraindications most importantly when you look at really restricting you know that muscles ability to move we're also we talked about blood flow and other fluids that are you're also restricting that so I need to get more comfortable with what if somebody had a blood pressure has a blood pressure like I'm just not there yet to where I'm comfortable giving it out it's but it's on my to-do list to learn because I've seen a lot of people say that they really enjoy it I just don't do anything until I've mastered the technique on myself and know the research behind it so it's it's on my bucket list of need to get better at yeah sorry let me can't can't help you with that and you know out I'll chime in as a former manual therapy practitioner as well largely it you know it depends it works everybody's going to have a different response to any intervention and absolutely what Marty and Wendy have both said to some degree you have to understand what I have to understand the mechanisms honestly and you have to understand the contraindications before you implement that on everyone so anyone so while they may be good they may be good we don't know I don't know if it's good in every circumstance it's just something that requires a little more a little more testing just people are going to respond different different interventions and I think I mean that goes along with everything because everyone is going to respond different some people do excellent with cupping some people do excellent with dry needleing some people do excellent with different types of of treatments and that would technically be another little tool and device that you would use on someone so so again if if Libby's comfortable with it she knows how to apply it correctly the the client is getting results then you know then it's helpful to that client then it would be helpful for her and maybe that's that's an expertise that she puts along in her you know her book of special things that she can do so yeah so Libby your answer is a typical trainers answer I get coaches with with more than 15 percent about 15 years of experience and our answers most of the time it depends so yeah it it really it really does depend but if you're getting some success with it by all means continue definitely continue using that and as we finish up Wendy what are your takeaways for today I think the big thing is again you know start to make sure you feel really comfortable with the assessments because the assessments are really going to dictate what muscles should be you know especially when what we're talking about today what muscles you should inhibit what muscles you should lengthen because again when we start moving on and it is a continuum having these two areas of really being able to identify what's overactive and short is important because it's going to help you and the muscles that are going to be lengthened and interactive and that you want to focus on I think that that we need to really reinforce that corrective exercise can be for everyone so it can be for the high end athletes it can be for someone that's never worked out before and that it can be the beginning of a program no matter what phaser in as long as it makes sense for the client so you know practice some of these different tools if you haven't used some of them before if you've never used the vibration maybe start adding some vibration tools into your into your toolbox and see if you enjoy it and get the you know get the benefits and just yeah like Marty had said over and over look at the solutions table start to get accustomed to to what's over an interactive and then you'll hopefully get a lot out of this yes and again how can they how can people find you after this my Instagram is windy dot bats 13 my Twitter is just windy bats 13 and windy dot bats at nsm.org is my email all right thank you for that and I just wanted to chime in really quickly about any of these solutions what we've given you is we've given you a baseline we've we've we understand from the evidence that that inhibition and linketing work in part as part of this process now there several practices several ways you can accomplish that and not everything could be covered in our test so you know I assume to go out and see what you can add to your toolbox and I'm sure a lot of that fits within within the corrective exercise to you so you can go ahead and challenge yourself and learn different interventions in your scope and apply it to the model and make it work for you so that is all of the time we have for today I want to thank Marty and Wendy again always enjoy learning listening to you talk getting some insight from you about you out there listening was able to take away some nuggets to bring back to your bring back to your training practice have a great afternoon at B.C. and I'll see you we'll see you next time

=== FILE: CES Basics Recap [27HhVYoJE34].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome again to NAS and live and today what we want to do wrap up CES so you have the undivided attention of my guest, master regional master instructors Wendy Bats and Marty Miller. How are you all doing today? Fantastic. Great. Okay. Now before we jump on today I had some connectivity issues so if I start to look all weird that is completely on purpose just focus on Wendy and Marty and they're going to wrap up CES for you and make the case as make the case for why you should be using this for your clients for yourself and for your clients and your training programs. So let's go ahead and get started. Marty why don't we want to talk us through an overview of inhibition and lengthening. Gotcha. So just like the early parts of the OBT model for that stabilization journey we're using the same techniques, we're inhibiting anything that we've identified as potentially overactive and then we're going to lengthen those same tissues because we want to calm them down, we want to restore them to their normal length tension relationship. So as we go into the second part of the continuum which Wendy will discuss that now we have muscles that are more of a relaxed state and now they're going to allow the other muscles on the opposing side of the body to do what they're normally supposed to do. So the evidence shows that this continuum is the best way to go through in restoring proper human movement. So we have to inhibit with our foam rolling techniques or you know all those other new tools that are out available to us now in the fitness industry such as the massage percussion guns, the vibrating foam rollers, the vibrating sphere spheres, etc. Use with the techniques that you feel the most comfortable with and most applicable for each client, then you go into your static stretching for the muscles again that you've identified from their assessments that are overactive or the way I like to describe it, the bad motion. They're pulling you into an excess affordly, they're pulling your client into feet turning out, knees caving in. So that's what you're going to attack with the inhibit and lengthen. Okay, thank you, thank you for that. So we know one of the definitions that we've started to use with the new CES is that it's simply a targeted flexibility training and strength training program that we can use that we can use as a standalone workout or we use it as a movement. We use it as a movement prep. Now where I was going with this and you're talking about the flexibility techniques. Can you go back and explain again why inhibition is important that that's something that we just can't we just can't blow off in the training session. Yep, no, no doubt. And it was I was doing my coffee talk this morning at 630 West Coast time and some of the same questions type of thing came up is like you said very targeted and we're trying to identify the muscles that are have a propensity overactive. So when we look at inhibiting what we're doing is we're just playing with the neuro science and the sense that we're putting some pressure into the muscle, an appropriate level on a scale of 1 to 10, maybe our 6 or 7, it's not about how much pain you can tolerate. If anything, the research shows that you're not going to get as good of a relaxation because most people tend to ice-imetry can track or tense up. So on a pain scale of about 6 or 7, that pressure into that muscle belly is going to stimulate the Golgi tendon organ to sense that there's pressure going on. It's going to protect itself by causing a relaxation in the muscle spindle. In essence, I always correlated when I was learning this was, well, if I was picking up a weight that was too heavy, thank goodness that the muscle can sense that there's too much tension just cause relaxation or apprentice. You and I would tear every single muscle in our body because we would keep lifting heavy weights until we thought that we could accomplish the lift. So there's that self-protective mechanism with the Golgi tendon organ that senses pressure and causes a relaxation. So that's all we're really doing is still kind of playing with that scientific phenomenon and getting that GTO to relax. To cause the override of the muscle spindle, I should say. Okay, awesome. And you mentioned the GTO. So what can you talk again? Can you talk again about because I think my connection was freezing up? What's going on at that muscle spindle now? We have two different fibers within the muscle spindle and they're they're they're stimulated or they respond to a couple different stimuli. Can you talk about that? So the Golgi tendon organ is going to sense the amount of tension and the rate of tension change within the muscle and again that's a self-protective mechanism and the muscle spindles are going to sense the rate of length change and the amount of length and a muscle belly. So I always again like, yeah, I'm a visual person. So I've viewed if I stuck my arm out as someone's running past me and my arm is rapidly stretched. I wouldn't have the time to think about, oh, I better contract these muscles to protect them from tearing. So those the GTO muscles spindle are sensing that in real time and they communicate with each other. So the GTO is it's rapidly increasing the pressure or too much pressure. Can you communicate the muscle spindle to relax and just calm itself down? So that way it's that self-protective mechanism and when you can use that to our advantage in part of that sequence to inhibit the right muscles. So then when you do your lengthening technique, you've got muscles that were already guarded or overactive to relax. So now you get better outcomes for step two, which is lengthening. Okay, and awesome. So for lengthening, we have a couple of examples in the text in which we've expanded. Normally we've used or in the past we've used static stretching, static stretching, act device-related or anandor, neurostretching, P&F type protocols. Can you explain to us the the case for using each within your, within your lengthening protocol for us. Yes. Sure. static stretch things phenomenal. I think for years it got a bad rap because it will decrease the activation of a muscle. But thank goodness because how could we ever correct somebody's movement in balance, impairments or muscle in balances if we didn't have a stretching technique that would calm muscle tissue down so we could then, as Wendy will get into strengthen the other muscles that are allowing that bad motion. So static stretching is a great tool in your toolbox because if you're teaching a bunch of people at once or if you haven't learned some more advanced techniques, it's very easy to teach people the static stretching. And all you're going to do is go through the right range of motion to feel the point of tension or first compensation back off just slightly so you're an ideal positioning and you're going to hold that for 30 seconds and you can hold it up to a minute if you have the time or the ability to tolerate it and that's going to get that muscle to relax. Same thing that we just talked about with the muscle spindle it'll sense that change in length cause a change and now you can go through the rest of the continuum. There's advanced techniques that you can learn where you're doing P&F where you're going to use that Golgi tendon organ to your advantage where you're going to apply a little pressure relax 30 seconds to apply a little pressure and get used the same type of philosophy that you use foam rolling to just get a better stretch and then active isolated again you're just contracting the antagonist to get the agonist to relax. So all of those are acceptable you're just figuring out what you feel most comfortable with what you've learned how you can teach it and do you have the ability to do maybe one-on-one where you could use an advanced technique or if you're training 20 people you might just stick with your static. Okay thank you those were those were great explanations and we're building the case that before you do anything with any intensity or you're trying to teach the body again to move well you need to start you need to start there so that you can have a full range of motion but as we understand once you do those first two steps it creates something that we we like to call a knife flexibility you have to teach that you have to teach a body to do something with that range of motion so windy what is it let's talk give us an overview give us an overview of activation and integration please. Oh absolutely so as Marty just said you're going to inhibit then you're going to link and then right after that you go into the activation techniques which refers to the stimulus or the reeducation of probable overactive muscles you can do isolated strengthening techniques or positional isometrics that will target a specific muscle so with isolated strengthening it's going to increase the intra muscular coordination of a specific muscle and is achieved through the combo of enhanced motor unit activation synchronization and firing rate so then you also have positional isometrics which incorporates the isometric contractions performed at the end range emotion of a joint so there's no active movement and this is used more with people who have adequate core strength and neuromusic or a control because it involves higher intensity contractions and the purpose of this is to increase the intra muscular coordination of specific muscles that is necessary excuse me to heighten the activation levels before integrating them back into movement patterns so so once we've activated the muscles that we have found to be underactive via the assessment then you're going to go from there into your integration techniques and this is going to involve the use of dynamic total body exercises and these exercises then reeducate the body back into functional movement patterns and enhances the functional capacity of the body by increasing the multi-planar neuromuscular control so basically we're working on the coordinated movement patterns and we know that the multi joint exercises and all planes from both bilateral or unilateral stances is going to help increase the inter muscular coordination and that's going to reeducate the neuromuscular system to maintain you know we're teaching it how to maintain the proper alignment during movement you know we're working on you know just basically getting the body to move the way that it was meant to move and the integration portion is going to involve as we talked about the low load there's very controlled movements obviously always in the five kinetic kinetic chain checkpoints this is all going to help ensure that the joint start and then remain in the proper alignment it's going to help muscles function in their proper length tension relationships is also going to help with the synergistic recruitment to make sure that the movement is optional or as optimal as possible and this section where you can also think of using the total body movements that will combine the upper body and the lower body you know and and and provide patterns which is also going to help increase stress to the entire core musculature and then after we do that then we can get into the resistance portion of the workout so I usually think of the CES is kind of like again this is kind of your your pre-warm up for your actual workout to really get the body dialed so it's ready to go into whatever workout you're going to do okay great thank you for that explanation now I promise promise as we've started doing these webinars that I will not really curve fall anymore but we know that that is never the case for us but I'm going to throw you I'm going to throw you since I'm a Chicago White Sox fan I'm going to throw you a split finger what we want to do what I've heard just getting out and listening to listening to presenters and how people categorize our CES process the way we've come to it is is one of the arguments is that I can't say that if a person has me cave in or valgas collapse that it's the glute medias but what I can say is that they need to learn how to do the squat pattern and I've heard that is recently as last year so can you explain again can you just talk us through that can you dispel that myth I guess and talk us through activation integration again within that context of the the squat and kneescaving in or valgas collapse okay you want to think about it again think about it more of a holistic approach I mean obviously we put somebody in the five-connected chain checkpoints when what they did their overhead squat assessment and we said this is ideally how we want you to stand now squat and then of course we see deviations because their body can't stay within that proper five-connected chain checkpoint alignment and that's why we see the compensations and that's how we know you know if your foot turns out this is you know probably overactive at the knees cave in or whatever the case may be so I think we need to kind of think of it all together so if I tried to continuously teach someone how to squat but I have an increased range of motion at the right joints to allow that proper movement pattern that I'm really not helping them move better and and be able to perform a squat the way it was intended to be performed so think about if you know to your to your point if you've got someone's knees caiving in then we're going to want to think about inhibiting the add doctor complex we're going to look at the shorthead of the bicep for Morris because we know that's going to be overactive we're going to think about the lateral the lateral lateral the VL can't even say it right now as well as the lateral gastroch because those are the muscles that we need to inhibit and to get some more length back you know and then you know because those muscles when they're overactive will pull the knee in and then we have to think about what's allowing it so that's when we get into the activation component so to your point the group needs going to be um underactive the the M.O. is going to be interactive the M.O. hamstrings going to be interactive and then the M.O. gas shock is going to be interactive as well so those are the muscles that we want to try to activate because if we get new found length on one side that because of those muscles that were overactive and now we can really activate those muscles that were shown to be underactive just because of that one compensation alone and then of course this is also we would want to think about what's happening at the foot ankle but if we're just talking about the knee then I'm going to get better activation when they go down and if I looked at them from a lateral view I would have a better chance of them having the parallel lines which would then give better joint distribution between the ankle the knee and the hip so therefore when they go down into the squat and we're probably going to have better alignment which will decrease the stress on the anterior portion of the knee and we would get better activation of the quad and glute which is the two prime movers of that actual squat so it's kind of a complicated way of thinking about it but basically we just that's why we want to look at all the assessments that would be appropriate and then really target the muscles I mean it may not just be one muscle it could be you know the complex is that that would you know again it's the glute meat and the max that are underactive so you want to think about what could we do to target meat in the max as well which could be something as simple as sideline leg lifts as well as glute bridges and then we could see did that help clean it up and maybe it did and maybe it didn't but you know it is a process so again you know we should start to see some some corrections as we go but it may take a few times working on the foam roller working on lengthening those muscles and then activating those muscles to start to really see a change in movement patterns that were we're hoping to see. Okay thank you and before we move on because both of you just said a lot and I can put myself in the place of a newly mentored fitness professional and just I can I'm sharing the sweat that they're going to the sweat that they're going through right now because that that's a lot of stuff and that can be overwhelming and quite simply both of you myself we've we've gotten the reps so how do you help how do you help someone like that prioritize with everything that both of you just said identifying overactive undirected muscles and taking a client through that program without without getting yourself fight. So that sounds when they go yeah jump in there again I think it's the assessments I mean it always boils down to the assessment and what did you see and then if you can identify something that's not moving properly by just putting a checkmark because did their feet turn out check it if you see it that it did you you mark it down you know did they have an anterior tilt did they have an excessive lean I mean I think if you're new the first thing is to really start practicing the assessments because if you can get the assessment pretty dialed and see where the compensation's lie then all you need to do is go to nasm.org and print out the solutions table and then and then start to compare it like because the solutions table will tell like tell you exactly what to do by looking at it it'll give you if the knees come in if the feet turn out these are the muscles that are overactive and these are the muscles that are underactive and so it we kind of help take the guess work out until you can start to rattle off some of these muscles and things that you're seeing and it just takes time and practice and the more you use that solutions table and you start to see the common muscles that are usually overactive then then it helps you learn it because you're constantly using that as as your guide the thing is we're not trying to make it complicated and again these are muscles that are typically overactive or typically underactive it may not be exact but again based on movements and how the bodies lined up these are usually what causes some of these compensations and that's why we made that list for you and you know that solutions table also gives you some examples of exactly some some strengthening exercises on the activation side as well so you know so don't overthink it just figure out what you see and then use that solutions table that you can put on your clipboard I mean it doesn't have to be anything that like people are looking at you like she doesn't know what she's doing maybe you have this on your clipboard you can easily refer to it and make your program designed based on that and then again the more use that the more you're just going to start to know this stuff it's practice really okay and pardon how do you that's absolutely it use the solutions don't don't reinvent the wheel and you have to practice so what's your what's your take on that Martin you only think because when you did such a great job covering it so that is my answer but I'll give another way the thinking of it is you know did you get into fitness to exercise people or did you get fitness to train people and the reason I say it the way this is kind of my own internal definition and actually we are doing a webinar not a shameless plug it just jumped in my head the 27th on the difference between exercise and training because I see a lot of people that take a certification they get they passed the test and then they go right back to just volumizing people and it's like well exercises in my definition is just a bunch of activity to burn calories yes that's great and unfortunately there are a lot of people who have great genetics and a bad exercise program can still give them some fitness results at their thrilled with it could be their body mass it could be how lean they get but when do you and you practice we're going to look at they're moving now even worse than they did before and this model was based on elite athletes athletes train they angelate their program they go through it so really everything when he said was spot on the only thing I'll add is make commitment to be a fitness professional that's training people not just exercising so if you're focused on training you're going to create your programs ahead of time you're going to continually assess you're going to look at all those little details and the more you do that right back to Wendy's point is now you start to own the material because you're following a philosophy so that's the only other you know different way to look at the same thing Wendy said it's just make a commitment to put people into specific training programs that they're capable of and that you know how to take them to the next level based on their assessment their wants their needs and what phase of training they're in and should be moving towards and yet that's absolutely it now add one more thing do everything well number one do everything that both you just said you know could answer understand the assessments understand the assessments practice train people train people when there's a there's a skill that goes with that but also I understand that people we're we're in the entertainment business as well and you can always leave time in your training session if your clients have earned it to let them do something they like if they want to hit a hit boxing focus mitts or you know labor memorial days coming up if they need to once work once everybody's out free in their communities if you want big guns you can do that too just provide it that you that you've earned that in your training so one more question for the both of you and I've had this this come up before and this focus this center is on how do you how do you use how do you specifically use CES and let me give you a little context the question was is we've been talking about this whole process for these last few weeks but you guys never talked about CES after after rehab after going through rehab protocol and like I don't you know and that was if that was a very honest question so I don't want to make quite about that question is very sincere but in my mind and like I kind of thought we did because that we're not we're not dealing with with rehabilitation that's that's not our scope but so can you talk both of you what start with use and you just finished up Marty just just talk about the uses of CES sure so I'll talk about it my personal life how I use it is as much as I know this material I'm not perfectly efficient in my movement at all times so I am a very routine guy and I do a lot of traveling when I'm normally back on the road full-time with technology and but I wake up now at the same time I do 25 to 30 minutes of a CES continuum that's specific to me so I'll phone roll I'll do my ankle series my hip mobility series my thoracic spine then I go through you know my static stretching and then I do a couple activation techniques and to me that doesn't even count as exercise that's just how I start out my day best I can then from there oh I'm still good yep can you hear me perfect yeah okay so from there if I'm not going to exercise immediately I'll repeat a few of those steps right before my workout session and then when I'm watching TV later tonight and you know my wife is very patient with me I have stuff littered around the house I have different phone rollers and when I'm watching the news tonight I'll be phone rollin again I got a yoga mat and a living room I'll roll out and I'll do some more static stretching because and I you know I just bought a steak desk I try to sprinkle in what I call accidental exercise all day and I still don't move 100% efficiently and now with my clients I do everything at Wendy's set I assess them I give them their homework and the one thing I can tell you if they showed up late and we're ready to jump right in the workout I would not allow them to I'd make them at least go phone roll one or two things from a principal standpoint because if I didn't force that into their program I'm almost saying it's not important anymore and then I would encourage them to be active seven days a week doesn't mean you have to exercise seven days a week but just be aware of your posture all day long and give them some simple solutions that fit their schedule and that is manageable and to whatever commitment level they'll tell they'll give me and it's all the same you may say like you know what that seven minutes every morning wasn't bad I'll take it to 10 or you don't I can add because they start to feel better and if people feel better right you know they'll do more whatever you're asking them to do so yes sometimes it can be a stand alone full session if someone's deconditioned or coming out of a situation or I'll just try to throw it in coming throughout the day thank you thank you and Wendy how are you using it thinking about our question yeah I mean again you know I don't usually deal with people right now that are out of rehab I mean right now I'm I'm very fortunate because I am working more with athletes that are at a higher level and truly the CES model is the foundation for everything that I do I mean I start everyone with it so you know I can perform hands-on and ambition and lengthening well because of my my license so you know but I do that and then and then I activate the muscles that are that are interactive or that I've noticed maybe typically more interactive based on their sport or based on how they come in that day and so you know this helps like reassure that they're prepped for whatever resistance portion of the workout that they're going to be doing that day you know because as Marty just said if if I know that my clients are prepped and ready to go they're going to move better they're going to perform better they're going to feel better and then the better the workout is is going to really lead to better results of course and that makes me personally look better as a trainer because then they're hitting their goals and then they're talking about it with their friends and family or whatever and that actually increases my business so so I think you know it's kind of all inclusive that I feel that the CES I mean for a long time I was known as the corrective the corrective trainer you know like oh you've got a problem you need to go see this this trainer because she can it work specifically with that and it wasn't that I was doing anything different except for I was following the protocol in the model and and again it is a systematic approach I mean it is based on research we we notice these muscles are overactive let's loosen them up we know that these are interactive let's just get them do in their job and then let's do the workout that's going to benefit that client to their goal so I think when we when we think about it like don't look at it as two separate things look at it is just a different way to prep the body no matter what um what area in the model or what phase of the model of training they're in because if you get things to activate and wake up and you get things to to loosen up and you can integrate that back they're going to end up being able to lift more too so so again no matter what phase they're they're in it's beneficial for all perfect so we talk a lot about we've just talked a lot about how CES the the four step process can be used sand alone and through each each level of the OBT model depending on the persons goals but Marty why wasn't separated initially well initially that was uh Dr. Mike Clark's you know what he was working on with his clients or his athletes at University North Carolina and when he put it out it was to him there was no separation because as Wendy said it's just this all inclusive model as the fitness industry changed in the early 2000s and the accreditation came out that was part of it and Mike also developed even more content for the CES and our final phase the PES so when the accreditation came out you know the goal was what information does a beginning fitness professional use over 80% of their time so that's where the middle five phases if you want to call it which is now the OBT models most people know it made the most sense there's a starting point with stabilization in parents and there's a nice progression through power but it's not maybe the elite power you would take a high level recreational athlete amateur athlete professional athlete through so because you should have those additional skillsets if you're working with that type of client and the same thing in reverse if you're really focusing in on someone that potentially if you have an athletic training background like myself or massage like Wendy and Kirepatch are like you if you're adding corrective you should also have that foundation or if you're bringing it into fitness you should know how to bring somebody after maybe we send them out of rehab prior to a traditional fitness it was kind of that bridge or as Wendy said perfectly here's a foundation that everyone should do some of as they move through the entire model so that's why the CES was separated in the PES and their advanced credentials and then our certification is the certified personal trainer which is stabilization endurance through our first level of power training okay and we answered the answer a lot of the questions already from our group but Wendy I know that you just talked about it but let's talk about it again how are we using CES for someone who's doing power training or someone who's also has also earned the right to be doing some of the stuff up in PES. Sure so again you know it's very individualized and I mean I use it as an extended warm-up so I have all my clients began with some sort of rolling or again you know I may do some of the hands-on stuff due to my license and then I go into the activation and activation when you think about you know just the OBT model is basically the core and the balance exercises that we're doing you know we would technically turn that as activating because that's what we're trying to do and then once those are complete I can perform the integration or the total body exercise portion and the resistance portion of the workout you know you can do the CES again before any workout it just has to make sense of you know of the program that you have designed and make sure that it fits within the overall you know the overall program that you have for the day as well overall goal for the client. So so again depending on who comes in I mean I definitely go through and and activate certain muscles and then you know I do some kind of total body and then I usually do the workout but you can you can you can play around with with the components as well it's just you want to make sure that the body's prepped for whatever's ahead especially if you're going to do a FES5 power because you want everything to work the way that it's meant to work before you have them going 100% out you know and doing one to five reps and then superset it with with some kind of you know tosses throws slams or whatever the case may be. Yeah awesome and that was something that we covered in our webinar with the lake on the swell just using this using a targeted warmup that reacted to have to get prepped for those movements and then that integration activation is exactly what you said to and some basic core balance exercises and integration actually turned into some of the derivatives of Olympic weightlifting so it fits there and I'm going to to give you a really elaborate over thought metaphor and that's like if we think about OTT is a pyramid CES is kind of that mortar that keeps the bricks together keeps everything together so the pyramid doesn't fall apart and you can think about that right down the stabilization phase creating the phase all the way up to the apex of power performance so um Marty you already answered can the CES be a workout via itself but go back to something that you said way in the beginning why do we follow all four steps of this process and do you have to in a perfect world you'd follow because that's what the research shows that your best results are when you inhibit first because then we know how that has a better effect when you're trying to lengthen overactive tissue and then when you can take those two parts we know that you get a better activation and then we know when the right muscles are activated when you can now bring those together to teach human movement movements patterns you're going to re-educate as Wendy said the proper human movement patterns where all these muscles are starting to talk to each other that enter muscular coordination instead of intramuscular coordination now there are going to be a few occasions where maybe you cannot follow them but what I would say is always start with step one step two step three step four don't go step four step one step three step two if you you can't bring in foam rolling because you know someone has some type of issue where they only need a license massage therapist or you don't have the ability to teach it to them at that point because maybe they can't get on the ground you only have one type of foam roll and it's too dense yes if you have to go to the lengthening that's still going to give you better results than not lengthening before you activate but the best is when you go in that order now what I would encourage you to do though there's so many new tools on the market where Wendy and I started this and practice for you is you had one or two type of foam rollers and that was it now there's a lot of different tools you can do is with the spear you know the different size spheres different densities the handheld massage guns the sticks so you should be able to give everybody you work with the ability to find a way to do some soft tissue work on their own and then we really encourage you to have someone like Wendy or a manual therapist massage therapist that if they truly really need that level of care at least you can refer it and say hey I know you can't do this every single workout but I would love for you on occasion to get some manual therapy due to the reasons why you can't foam roll you know and then same thing just always learn new skills different versions of the static stretching not everyone can count on the ground so you got to have that wide diversity of tools in your toolbox but the toolbox doesn't change of length inhibit length and activate integrate try to follow it best you can because that's again what the research shows is our best scenario thanks and I want to follow up because you mentioned foam rollers what do you recommend what what density do you recommend do you recommend even standard foam rollers or vibration vibration rollers like you just mentioned and RB outcomes are the mechanisms by which they work the same I recommend pretty much every foam roll you can get your hands on and then with the reason I say that is because you have different size people you have different you know muscular densities you have different pain tolerances so you're going to need an arsenal back in the day when we first started this we had a foam roll it was that white one and you know once you got past you know the first couple times where it would cause some discomfort it got mostly you need brand new foam rollers almost every time because they're just the technology wasn't there yet so I honestly I bet you I have at least eight different foam rolling apparatus including a softball across ball and I'm the guy down the airplane I have the trigger point ball that I'm sitting with I'm foam rolling then because you know depending on what muscle I'm trying to hit and you know maybe if I travel and I'm sore that day I have to go down on a different density so just like any other exercise we have progressions and regressions you need the same thing with your foam rolling apparatus and even when you look at the vibrating guns a lot of them now give you different heads the choose from as well because of the density they have different speeds and different hurts they go at as well as you know how much pressure you're trying to listen into a certain muscle so definitely it's it's I highly recommend having an arsenal of things for yourself or your clients and then vibration is phenomenal you know the research is still coming out on the reasons why we can't say exactly the why we know that there's that neuro modulation of pain so you'll probably be able to tolerate more pressure due to that vibrating vibration causing the term we would use is neuro modulation of pain so it's phenomenal for that we're going to continue when I say we meaning the industry we'll continue to research on the why but right now we know it works and it works better than just standard foam rolling they're starting to narrow in on the focus but at least we can say due to that neuro modulation of pain that's at least one proof reason the vibration works there are some other theories still to be proven but I would definitely add the vibration to your arsenal for sure. Can you touch on that and can you touch on one of the the mechanical hypotheses and that is just when when the fascia and you can take this I'm going to set you up and you can take this but when the fascia doesn't move it does increase in its viscosity so how does the how does the vibrating roller and health affect sure so one of the things in Wendy can definitely touch on this as well as we know hydration is great for tissue health so let's assume someone has done a lot of workouts maybe they're dehydrated as well we know that the fascia and the tissue is not going to be as pliable so the vibration one you're going to tolerate more pressure so that means you're going to be able to activate your GTO to a higher level which means you hopefully and should be able to let it a better response but also that vibration is going to move the fluid and bring more fluid to that specific area then if you were just using a form roller that didn't vibrate so you've got you know the definitely the theory behind it is that increase in the local fluid viscosity as well as the decrease in pain will let it better responses Wendy do you have anything to add to that? Well that was actually pretty good I mean the abelaging I would the excellent Marty I mean I think you know to the vibration sometimes will decrease the pain threshold so some some people actually prefer the vibration because they're able to sit on it longer and instead of having to roll back and forth and find it they can they can literally sit marinate on it for the the amount of time to really get the benefits of what we're looking for so I mean I my my clients love it I mean again when you're using like the Viper or something you know you want to think about the floor that you're on because we have wood floors in my house and the whole house seems to vibrate or it bounces around you know so but you know people they can't get on the floor they can actually put the the foam roller on their quads and and do it themselves that way too so I mean there's a lot of great benefits if if you don't want to have like to Marty's point if you can't afford it or you don't have access to a bunch of different tools sometimes just having one of the vibration can benefit because you get the the roller with or without it turned on as well as if you want to kind of give yourself a massage you just turn it on and hold it in different spots there's a lot of benefits for for both thanks for that explanation and for those of you listening for one of you little experiment that you can do it's totally safe I went to the science college so I'm not going to give you anything that's going to blow up your house but if you want to check out you want to bring to like what they're talking about decreasing the the viscosity in your tissues by hydrating it with the vibrating roller take toothpaste put it in a dixie cup put a little water in it take your sonic toothbrush you turn it on and you'll see how that how the toothpaste then blends with the water and changes it's disgusting that's not exactly but something close to what's happening in your fashion I know that one of guys not like it I'm not sure myself if you'll put it on Instagram okay that's cool so back to you when the Marty talked about why you should do all four steps in the in the CES continuum now do you have to perform at a single assessment because we have a few and you have to perform everyone and let's talk about the two different two different cases you have someone who you've trained a while and you just reassessing them any session and see how your your training outcomes are and then compare that to someone who is just going to use that scientific term jacked up come and straight off the couch right into your studio or doing a zoom meeting if you know how you tell me your assessment process for each of those two cases okay well so when we think about the assessments remember there's multiple factors that can influence you know which assessments that you should perform so think of the clients goals first and foremost their current level of activity the capabilities and their limitations obviously super important as well as you know what you began to uncover once you start the assessment process so if you're still not sure um and asm again we're really good with with providing information but they provided a recommended assessment flow chart that you know that kind of guide you from one step to the next and then it recommends additional assessments that you can you know that you can do with your clients depending on your findings you know and as you learn more about your client and their capability to move then when you reassess you may do different assessments so with that being said you know the first time somebody comes in I usually start with obviously the the transitional type assessment so the overhead squat if they looked like they were completely a mess and and and and I mean that with love but I mean if there was a ton of compensations there feet were out knees were in huge interior tell assessively and arms are forward you know and I saw a ton of knee bogus it's not safe for me to do the overhead squat at that point so then I wouldn't do it right yeah right so but again we want to think of safety first so I I got a third a ton of information from that one assessment alone now we also have the mobility assessments that are new remember we we we we still I mean again and brace using the go knees and the M. M. T. the the manual muscle testing and stuff but because that was so difficult for people without extensive education the mobility assessments in the new CES are fantastic because literally it's still subjective meaning that you've got someone doing you know they're in different types of positions that you put them in and do they go to this this kind of degree or are they limited here and you're just kind of looking at how they move it's safe you're not putting you know it's usually you're not putting anyone in a compromise position that's going to harm them but again you're getting more information that's a little more specific because it may help pinpoint certain muscles that maybe you are unsure about based on your overhead squat so if they were quite jacked up that's what you could do on a safety standpoint now again if you have a professional athlete that comes in and they did show some compensation on the overhead squat but you still felt that they were capable and it was still safe I would do a single like squat assessment with them and then I may perform the mobility assessments because again I I still use a go any personally but again I use it every single day so I'm very comfortable with with with with that type of information but if you're not then the most mobility assessments can still fall into something you could do with that individual and then I would maybe do some of the dynamic ones because it would it would really help me on their program design because again they're very high and athletes that are already doing stuff at high speeds very powerful movements and stuff so I want to see how do they move under you know different environments so the Davies test the depth jump like those are some some other assessments you could do so again you know I wouldn't have someone that had a really a ton of compensations in an overhead squat do a dent jump it would not it would make sense or if someone's arms fell forward and they had a forward head elevated shoulders and I noticed all this a Davies may not be appropriate for for those individuals as well so so again you just want to be very cautious in and what you're doing but you just need to get the information that's going to help you design the best program possible because in four to six weeks when you reassess them you should see a ton of cleanup and every assessment that you do and you know you should see the move better they should have less compensations and I'd say they're all going to be gone but you should see a ton of them being cleaned up if not it's a programming issue and a compliance issue as well but usually it's a programming issue from the trainer that there's some stuff that you need to reconsider when you're designing their program to best you know help them with with those assessment results okay there are good so basically what you're saying is it depends on what you have in front of you exactly exactly is that what we uh that's what we got to but yeah yeah you'll you'll definitely make the decision based on what that person is showing you if you understand what you're looking for in the assessment you'll know when to stop or when to add more test based on their abilities and what they need to do so finally we're close to the end and uh this question is for both of you and before I give before I give that to you I want to ask everyone out there if you have questions this is our wrap up of CES I would like you to please send your questions to these two fine people while we have time so that they can give you uh give some answers uh and and finally what I want to ask is how has the CES helped your career let's start with you uh Marty not much you know different than the an answer that I gave on another webinar when we talked about the CPD is you know this the ability to find this earlier my career and have a system that I could reference learn and get better at his really just made my career you know it just gave me every opportunity I've had because you know I could go in and market myself differently I had some great people around me that helped me grow as well as my clients got amazing results and from that a lot of people asked me well how did you get these results so it gave me opportunities to write articles or gave me opportunities to teach and but really at the end of the day what was most impactful is my clients just noticed the difference going back to what Wendy and I talked about she gave that awesome answer on you know why you'd use it and then I just threw in there you know are you gonna make a commitment to train people or exercise people and you know let's be clear all of this stuff we're just talking science you know Wendy and I are going to do some stuff on program design the fun part can be in any program see my as we'll stick to the science you know the fun part is do you have a personality can you make it engaging but we don't have to throw the science out with it so I'm the less that I found this man almost 18 years ago you know and I've really been able to just continually use it all the time and then for me it's made me move a ton better because coming into fitness I get was into the power lifting stuff so thank God that I was able to change the way I moved earlier still not perfect but working towards because you know I was more focused on how much weight I lifted not how well did I lift the weight so personally it helped me out tremendously with my career and my own personal experiences as well that's great and Wendy what about you how is CES tell us again tell us again how is CES help your career I mean I think I kind of answered this earlier I mean because again it is and I've said this so many times but it is the foundation for everything that I do and because and it actually differentiates me from some of the other trainers that I'm around when they're doing their workouts because again I'm very specific I'm very pinpoint I'm very hands on but because I am more specific I'm my clients are moving better and they feel better so they're going to perform better and so if I can maximize their their movement patterns and you know we can get to their results faster because we're actually following a system I mean again I'm not I'm not doing anything different than what other people doing except for I do follow the acute variables I do follow you know the you know inhibition length and activate integrate with everyone and so so it's just you know it kind of separates me from the pack because I I'm very specific that way I don't I don't even know how to describe it but I think because of that people keep coming to me it's word of mouth I don't advertise myself on social media I don't do any of that you know people call me like how did you get this guy running a faster 40 and and again I didn't do any other than just correct his movement and so so I think you know the outcomes that the the clients end up getting kind of speak volumes to my training and and I owe a lot of it to the CS and and the entire OPPT model as as a whole because again the progression and the process of and being able to plug and play just makes me look better and I and I wasn't even the one that came up with the idea I'm just following the system you know so so I mean yeah I I love it I use it and it's it's helped me out and it helped me kind of separate myself from others okay thank you thank you for sharing your experience so we don't have any questions today so Wendy I want you to keep going on your line of on on that line of thought that you had there and tell us what your big takeaways are for this entire process we've spent a few weeks talking about CES what are your big takeaways and tell us how we can find you on social media since we just found out you don't you're not using it I use it I don't market myself on it I use it more for fun and play so so I think my big takeaways are you know just don't over complicate it when a client comes in get all the information you can possibly get from them on a subjective standpoint you know build your rapport interact with them look at the overall assessments that you think would be beneficial to that client and perform them and again you may later think I should have done this one but that's okay when you reassess add that new one in or maybe if they come in you can have them do a single like squat assessment but you're just having them do a single like squat exercise and then you're getting the other information that you want if you are new to this again print out these solutions table use it it will help you you don't have to know every single muscle from the start in order to be able to successfully use the CES continuum and then I think that the biggest thing for you know for me to that I can't express enough the CES shouldn't be separated from anything else in the OBT it is literally just a beginning part of a work out and then do the resistance portion so I think we need to like look at it that it should be integrated into your program design no matter what phase because you really will see positive outcomes if you do this and and it does you know and it doesn't mean that if I did static stretching I can't do some other type of stretching to prepare them for like a higher level phase you know meaning I could I can still do the activation or the static stretching and then go into active you know the active isolated or just active stretching that we're calling it now and then going into dynamic so so it's not rigid either this is not a rigid model it's just to Marty's point think about the science link them with the reactive activate what's weak and then do your workout and you will find you'll have a ton of success if you utilize it and just follow the system to find me it's uh windy dot bats at nsm dot org is my email and then my instagram is windy dot bats 13 and twitter's just windy bats 13 okay thank you very much windy it has been a pleasure over these uh over these past few weeks chatting about cds so thank you for all of your input your contributions and all of the phone calls we've had uh thank you for everything set up so now uh Dr Miller what are your takeaways and how can people find you after this is all done so I would reiterate everything when did you said so that plus I'll just say make a commitment you know make a commitment that you're going to use the model that you're going to learn to master the model because that's what the science shows and people are hiring you to get them better yes they want to burn a ton of calories potentially do some other things that they think is fitness but put them on very specific training programs and again you could still have as much fun as you need using the models you would not using the model so you might as well use it because all your answers are there for you and then from there you know just be committed to you kind of get better at it each and every day and you'll see amazing results that I promise you and then to get a hold of me my Instagram is Miller dot Marty 72 and then emails Marty dot Miller at nsm dot oarji right thank and thank you as well for all of your contributions the past few weeks it has been incredibly enjoyable and I want to thank both of you collectively for being here today and sharing your insight and hopefully everyone listening can finally start to see how C.S. can work for them and their training programs and additionally I want to thank all of you who've been with us over the past a few weeks listening and hopefully learning something and we will see you next time

=== FILE: CES Programming Bootcamp [Sh7mJxm3bFI].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NASM Live. My name is Prentice and I'm here as always with Wendy Bats and Marty Miller who seems to be off camera right now. Well, good afternoon both of you. How are you doing today? Fantastic. Great thank you. All right and as always we have our man behind the scenes making sure this train runs smoothly and that's Greg and how are you today Greg? Yes he salutes us as always and today what we're going to talk about is CES Pro Sign and how you can use the model to design programming for boot camps because designing a constructive training program in the front of your session is much better than trying to do it on the fly. So with that said why don't we get started and Wendy, why don't you tell us a about the persona of the group of people we're going to be working with in this boot camp? Absolutely so Marty and I was excited when we got asked to do this because we often get questions on how do you design programs that's going to benefit a group of people or how can you train people that are on different levels? And so with that being said we wanted to try to think of it in a very broad spectrum. So when designing a program for a group whether it's boot camp or any type of team you want to try to scan the room you know when people are walking in and you're going to look for things such as you know do you know are they're feet turning out how are they standing? Did they have an arch in their lower back? You know are there shoulders? You know do they have a forward head? Just making a note of what you're saying you know as people are just kind of coming in and dropping their stuff off. And then after that you're going to take that information and then you're going to kind of best you know think about the best exercises and stretches and things that you can do to help you know with those particular competitions that you see. So you want to think too you need to be flexible because you may think that everyone's going to have certain you know there are there are typical compensations that you're going to see but not everyone's going to fall within that. So you want to try to think of what is the best one of the best stretches you can do that are going to benefit the clients or the people in the groups and then also what can you do activate muscles that you are just scanning the room seeing they're probably underactive. So you know again as you guys know when you're getting the subjective information just be sure that all of the participants are signing a waiver and that they are cleared to do some kind of cardiovascular strength-based program. So let me ask before we dive into the assessment and you can always tell me if you're going to cover this later. So clearly boot camp if we're out there trying to make money we can't be super restrictive. How do you manage this process here when you're putting groups together with different athletic abilities maybe different different levels. Well I think we just really want to think of what is going to be beneficial for the common kind of to comment and nominate or that are coming into your boot camp because again you are going to have people for all different levels. You know you may have people that have been doing you know strength training for a very long time you may have someone that just got off the couch so you need to be flexible and when we get into the program we're going to talk about exercises that can be regressed and how you can progress exercises to benefit you know the participants that are in the class. Okay great thank you. And so if we go to the next we wanted to bring this we wanted to bring this up because again you want to think about you know when you're doing an assessment when when you're doing a one-on-one obviously the first time you meet with someone you're building the rapport you're finding out their specific goals and you know specific information regarding medication history and all that. Then after that you go into the you know transitional movements and so you're doing overhead squats and single-like squats and dynamic movements and possibly mobility assessments. Obviously in a group or when you're dealing with the team we don't have that time obviously I mean that would be most beneficial if you could do that one-on-one however that's not the case. So if you wanted to do a group assessment what you could do is set up the room with all the participants facing you and then you could actually have them spread out and put that everyone in the five-connected chain checkpoints. Yes they still may be in their tennis shoes but you can still see a lot of what's going on and then you can have everyone perform 10 squats and you're just scanning the room from the very start. They haven't had any stretches. They're just coming in and you're kind of seeing what you're you're starting with and again that may help give you some ideas of oh you know what I noticed that there you know people's backs are actually rounding more than I thought then they are going into an anterior pelvic tilt and from that point you may have to stretch some different muscles and you can make those adjustments on the fly. Now if you're going to set up and I know a lot of trainers do this if you do a you know a 10-week boot camp and they're coming twice a week they may be the same type of you know same participants coming in each and every week and this would be extremely beneficial for somebody that's setting up their boot camp like this. However we also understand that there are other trainers that may just offer a boot camp at a certain time and everyone is welcome and so you know you may not want to start doing an overhead squats. Each and every time those participants are coming in even though it would be very very good information to gather. So it's really up to you but just know this is a way that this could be done and and again if they're coming into a boot camp you feel pretty confident that these participants are able to do a body weight squat safely. If not then you may want to ask them you know what their goals are coming into your class. I'm already I don't know if you want to add anything to that but no I think you covered it you know perfectly well and you'll see when we designed these programs that we did not use any equipment at all every single part of this boot camp is going to be body weight so that way it's easy to adjust progressions and regressions also to keep people moving so that way you can make it a little more intense by not having people like look for dumbbells doesn't mean you can't do a boot camp with other tools we just decided to keep very simple right now and use all body weight and you know the key thing is when you look at boot camps the majority of people that come to these type of activities they just want to know they got a good workout. They're not going to necessarily say we know what we didn't do burpees or we didn't do this type of really high level aggressive exercise. If you could create it with your programming work on their movement and make it better while you increase their heart rate appropriately and give them some safe and challenging exercises at the end of the day that's what they care about. They want of burd enough calories feel like they got a good workout in and you can really sprinkle in some of that accidental exercise to ensure that just because you're doing a boot camp doesn't mean you throw out all the other rules that we always teach you with any SN. Okay great and then we have one question from a viewer before we move on. 5 to 10 people is a lot to manage on that front end of the boot camp. How are you? What are some suggestions that you have for managing documentation that dirty it's not a four letter word but you get the idea? How do you document all those people and keep the keep the camp running so that everyone's getting what they need out of that training? Well I can jump in a couple of ways I've done in the past as I set the ground rules at the very beginning so if Wendy gave you two scenarios it could be new people every single time it could be the same people obviously if you have the same people they're going to understand your way of communicating in the ground rules so they know how to tell you in a sense that hey I might need some assistance here or you're going to know how they normally move compared to maybe what they're doing. So some of the things that I'll always do and we can highlight this a couple of the examples is I always as I create my programming think of three different levels of the exercise. Can I progress it? Can I regress it? So that way if I have three different levels of people they're all doing similar or the same exercise but it's easy for me to coach it and during the transition time I'm as I explain the exercise I'm going to give them the progressions and regressions too and I just give them a cue if I walk up and I snap my fingers twice that means go up a level or if I snap them once go down or whatever works for you so that way you can coach and communicate to a large group of people because it's hard to cue one person while you're looking at everybody else so sense yourself up for success and find what works for you but your people will adapt to understanding what that terminology is and that there's going to be a progression and regression that you might give them a media. Okay yeah thanks for that that's very valuable feedback and I hope that that does answer the question Wendy do you have anything to add to that? No I mean I think you know I do exactly what Marty does except for I don't snap my fingers mainly because my snap's not very loud but I mean once you show when you're demonstrating and we're going to show you ways that Marty and I both actually we have a lot of similar ways of doing this type of boot camp but we set people up in pairs and groups and then once you demo that and you do show progressions and regressions per quote station then again I just coach them like hey make sure you squeeze your glutes watch your right foot you know like I set them up in the very beginning every time I come to you I'm looking for the five-can-edit change checkpoints what that mean is this so I do a lot of the coaching on the front end as well so therefore when I'm walking by and giving quick quick hit cues it makes sense to the person and they know exactly what it is and I'm asking for them to correct because you do have to look at you know be able to scan the room and be very very good at multitasking so and in one each year point you just need me think about it is sometimes I'll just blur it out a cue not knowing if anyone's compensating but one of the key cues for that exercise because somebody might need that reminder so that's a great point Wendy for sure okay so I think I think we're ready we have the we have the principles of the overhead squat for a large group now let's get into the program design we can go to the next slot and the big thing with this is that we have principles and we don't want to abandon the principles just because we're working in a large group so Wendy can you again take us through how you manage these four steps in the corrective process and throw in that into program design for a large group well sure one thing you're going to notice it's a little bit different in the way that we set up our programs and we are going to offer you guys two separate programs so you can see how we can change it up from one day to another one class to another so we did not include inhibit meaning we're not using any type of formula because we were thinking realistically most individuals if they have 20 to 25 people in a boot camp which is not uncommon they're not going to have that many foam rollers and so with that being said I think it's important to when they're signing up for your program when you are you know kind of marketing yourself to say hey it would be a really good idea for you to do some type of foam rolling or some type of quote inhibit techniques on your own before you come in and if they don't know what that means maybe it's a good time when you're introducing yourself to kind of show them what a foam roller is and why it's important and maybe some typical areas to foam roller or you know to foam roll but just keep that in mind that it is still extremely extremely important it's just we want to be real with you guys and show you some programs that Marty and I have done with different groups of people and you know we just know that that's not realistic so with that being said we will go through some some linkening so we are going to do some different types of static stretching as well activation as well as some dynamic stretching and then we're going to still activate specific muscles that we know are commonly underactive based on what we've seen in the in the decade that we've been doing this as well as we're going to do a lot of integration exercises we're going to add cardio components to it so it's super super fun very very challenging but they're still getting as Marty always says that little accidental exercise of what they need because they're still getting you know they're getting um they're butt kicked really during this type of programming and we're going to we're excited to kind of show you how we have it laid out. That's outstanding that's all really good advice and just regarding the inhibits piece one thing that I've even done when I've run group classes is knowing that we're in the same situation can't do a lot of inhibition is that that's that's the homework I document that and email them a nice spreadsheet with their corrective exercise program so that they can do that and come in prep ready to go through what you have for us on the next slide so let's take a look at that. Okay so so again two different programs it doesn't matter which day and we're you know we're just trying to think of common compensations or common muscles that we find to be overactive and majority of individuals who are sitting for long periods of time who drive a lot I mean just the common common things that we normally see. So with that being said you're going to see that the the first area we are going to statically stretch would be the hip flexors and I have Marty right some of this stuff down and we're going to talk you through why we chose this as well as the ad dr. Magnus and then again we have the quads and calves and then the last and some Marty D1 and I kind of talk through why we chose those before we get into some of the the different movements. Sure so you'll see here that I kind of piece together so I'm looking for a flow so I worked with large groups in baseball so I will have during spring training I might have 40 to 60 athletes so again it's how can I keep a flow going so I can communicate and cue. So if I'm in a kneeling hip flexor position we all know how to do that instead of switching sides what I tend to do is go into a flow that just saves time for me and keeps my teaching and cueing to a minimum. So I'll have them start let's say I'm stretching my right hip flexor now I can just have them drop their left elbow to the inside of their left ankle good posture nice you know it's a rex spine now I'm stretching my ad dr. Magnus on the left side then I'll have them come back up and then I'll have them grab their leg as long as it's on a soft surface and do a quad stretch so I I flow from the hip flexor to the ad dr. Magnus to the quad and then I would reverse that switch sides get the left hip flexor right ad dr. Magnus and left quad and then what I like to do is you can do whichever one first I might do the lat stretch or like the child's pose and again there's all the little techniques with the external rotation post to your pelvic tilt just have them drop back and then right from there I have them push up into that pipe position to do a calf stretch and again we're always making sure that the foot slightly internally rotated that they've extended their knee and see if they can slightly the external actually rotate their knee without their foot coming up all these cues that we've teach anyways but also sneaking in some of that external exercise I have them push into the ground like they're doing almost like a military press knowing now I'm actually activating the scapula and other little posture or muscles that support the scapula so again sneaking stuff in now they're actually getting some activation of the rotator cuff so again there's ways that you can create a flow doesn't have to be this exact flow but think about how you can keep it moving along moving from one thing to another to save time make it efficient and then how can you sneak in some other things to that so that would be our first five that we would do we'd use these three together and then we kind of pair these two so I might start with the calf drop down into the child's pose or vice versa whichever you prefer yeah and then after we stretched the lat then we were talking about the deep squats as well as the posterior shoulder and then the forearms and so do you want to talk about the flow on that as well yeah so again chimsy you know more that add doctors like we get that deep squat have them hold it for 30 seconds you can even put a little rocking into it right after to get a little more active stretching they come right up and get the post to your shoulder now the key thing with the post of your shoulder is we're not trying to stretch to the rhomboid so really good tall posture stretching arm across the chest and I actually have them retract their shoulder to make sure that they keep that scapula where it needs to be then you can go through your forearms the series of your flexors, extensors, switch side so again it just kind of makes for a very nice flow and if I wanted to do two sets of the squats after I stretched one go out of the squat stretch one arm one side forms drop back down to squat and I can come up and then repeat the opposite arm for those two stretches again so it's always a flow yep and then so so again these muscles are just typically overactive and again some people they may not feel the stretch because they may not have needed that but if we're not doing an individualized program we got to think about the majority of people that are coming into your classes so right after we get down with stretching we're going to go right into now more of an active stretch so we're kind of activating the muscles that we know are usually underactive and so with that being said we're going to go into bridging and we're going to do a plank right in to a push up with rotation and then a posture reset series and I'm going to let Marty kind of talk you through kind of our thought process and we were putting this together and why these would be great in the activation section so again the way I tend to do it I might break them down into like a flow so I start on their back do their bridge flip right over have them hit their plank in the sasal plane then rotate to one side so I'm getting a little bit of transverse plank motion as they go from the plank to the side plank instead of just dropping and then starting you know turn your side out I actually try to get them to do it if they can right from the plank position go to a side plank then come back to the plank just temporarily go to the other side for the side plank so again I'm adding in some transverse plank motion that they don't even realize that they have to try to stabilize so again I could pair these three together then the push up with rotation again we know a lot of people are overactive in their chest but we do get it and get their heart rate up and do some stuff with their chest but from a posture reset series there's a lot of different things you can do again if you had bands and things like that you could do the shoulder squeezes but one of the ones that I like and I stole this from one of our other regional master structures can Miller is I'm just going to put my hands behind my back right at the top of your glutes I push into my glutes and I try to squeeze my elbows together why drop my shoulders low and again I'm going to make sure I'm neutral in my lumbar spine and also tucking the chin at the same time so again I just got done doing those push ups that come right up now and get those rhomboids and the mid-trapped low trap firing and keeping my chin tucked so I get all the nice muscles that stabilize my cervical spine why I'm in a neutral lumbar spine so great way to follow right from the push up back into getting those shoulders back and working on that posture so just a really nice flow to do with that way and then that's how we've set up the stretching and some of the active stretching and activating the muscles that again were underactive or typically underactive now we're actually going to still do the same thing but we're going to do it mainly like for yardage versus like specific reps and so you're going to see like in the in the actual template here that we have about 10 yards and we're going to do it at a moderate tempo so with that being said we're going to do things such as a heel walk and again we'll go into my toe if I we chose these but a heel walk and then right into walking lunges with an overhead reach and then a walking figure four and a leg swing to opposite hand I call him Frankenstein's but Marty didn't call him that so we went with what what it looks like and then arm circles and and he has reverse because he's it'll be in a backwards position so Marty do you want to kind of talk about about each of those? So what we did is you know imagine if we had you know 10 people you space five you know space people out you give them 15 yards and the heel walk is again I'm looking at my posture again don't just focus just on what's going on the ankle set their posture chin tuck shoulders back neutral their pelvis cues it you know that they've heard before you're going to teach very time and all I'm bringing up now is a bring my toes towards shins door surflexing and trying to ice it magically hold that as I walk slowly the distance you feel appropriate a lot of people will really start to feel a burn in that anterior tip muscle so it's not isolating it like we would incorrective exercise if somebody really needed to do it off the edge of a table with the band or a cuff weight but at least we're putting something in there to address the anterior tip which really in these type of workouts almost always goes unnoticed then the walking lunge there's a lot of different versions and you'll see another version of the workout I'm just trying to get people to extend again open up that spine so as they get motor control they're lunging and as they decelerate or going to the eccentric they're trying to reach up with their arms so again a lot of motor control a lot of things going on so and as they move their arms there's going to be more demand on the core including the glutes so that way get I know that they're making them I'm asking them to do more as they get that spinal extension walking figure four it's going to be a single egg exercise so as they walk they have to come up grab their knee grab their ankle pull it into that figure four get that pure form of stretch again nice posture so has to be able to stabilize and moving and have to be able to stabilize on a single egg so foot and ankle all the stabilizers need the glutes all that fun stuff gets in there having to do it slow and control and legs swing opposite hand or the fringes dynamic movement of the hamstrings the key thing here guys is you'll see a lot of people collapse at the spine if you can't kick and reach your hand that's fine let people know that the beginning is you demonstrate we don't want people to collapse their spine and I'll see that way too much people are so worried about getting that leg up there that they don't have the mobility the spine compensates if we won't let that happen and again Martin can I add something to that opposite hoax at arm legs wing is that also what you want to look for is compensation through the foot and ankle in addition to that lumbar are that thoracic spine flexing you'll see people want to go into extra planar flexion on the stand to get a little more height in that leg as well yep absolutely so again that's why we like it because it's let's say you didn't have time to assess people having these single leg exercises if they can't balance and they can't control themselves that's going to tell you something as if you had done the assessment so it's going to warm them up give you a great understanding of foot ankle all the way up and it's just to them it's something that's fun and they get their heart rate going and then arm circles we can we want to include the upper body I'll be honest I tend to do more of my work going backwards than forward because the majority time we're forward doesn't mean you can't do arms swings forward but in for me I'm always going to spend a little more time pulling than pushing and rotating backwards into external rotation than I would internal doesn't mean I won't do it it's just I might do a two to one where I do more of the arm circles going backwards yes and then when the d so I think we covered it yeah and so then again we want to still kind of think about you know we're still following the model we want to think about again on a traveling standpoint next what we're going to do is a single leg hop to both plan or hold like well I'm sorry single leg hop to hold but in multi-planar so again we're still going to go for yardage on this and Marty can you want to talk about like how that can we can do that yeah so again we like to spend a lot of time on one leg under control for a lot of the reasons we've talked about gives us that ability to see what's going on now can they control it so that hop I'm not we're about how far they hop I might actually purposely set the guidelines so let's say I'm at 10 I might say guys this isn't a three hop distance I want seven or eight hops I want short little hop because a lot of times people are going to bound and try to cover as much distance as possible and you might add that purposely at some point when they're more advanced and you know they can decelerate all that momentum but early on given the expectation you go guys no more than two yards at a time get at least five hops in or six try to make it right versus left so you can go hop straight but you can also hop like I like to use a clock as example so if I'm on my left leg I'm going to hop to a one o'clock land and then on my right leg I'm going to hop to 11 o'clock so that way we start to add in a little bit more of things that are just in the sagittal plane I use the clock as well so it's very easy to cue because most people know how to read a clock and then then you're going to see that we're doing use a approximately 10 on each leg but we're going to do a single leg Romanian deadlift as well as a single leg squat and we've touched those two specific for those two exercises for specific reason and Marty you want to kind of talk us through that so our DL again we're you know we want these people to feel like they're working without having to do things crazy and potentially dangerous so we all know that feeling when we're working on a single leg but also that accidental exercise we know we're getting more glued activation we know we're getting more core activation all the muscles in the foot ankle which are so important and corrective exercise and again you'd be cueing all the time about watch your foot keep straight ahead don't let your arch fall all those things as Wendy said she just we we always are giving that feedback verbally but the RDL is now getting that hinging pattern so with the core stabilization again we want great posture at the core we're also getting a glued and hamstring dominant exercise and then when we do the same thing like squat now we're getting a glued and quad hamstring glued and quad dominant exercise so we're working both movement patterns the hinge and the squat yep and then also wanted to add on to that we did that as well because if you did not do an overhead squat assessment or you or you didn't do it this round and let's say again if it was a group of people that you commonly see we're also still assessing because now here's the time that you did your single leg squat assessment you're just doing it in your program and so before you get into some more of the resistance portion that's a little higher intensity you can actually help someone do a correct single leg squat you can see where maybe some compensations are still occurring help those individuals by giving them cues and then if not you know that when you get to some of the exercises and the resistance portion you may need to to be very specific with individuals have how they can regress that especially for a safety standpoint because you're not one on one and there are multiple people in that group. Sorry for the question. No I just just wanted to get some questions as they were coming in and we have a question from Brent for watching to Brent and he wants to go back he was asking about the flexibility and he wanted to know why the doctor magnets we have so add doctor muscles in that complex why did you Marty or Marty and Wendy choose the add doctor magnets overall the add doctors in that group. Well we chose your magnets one because it flows beautifully with that hip flexor into the quad and also the add doctor magnets is often neglected in a from a flexibility standpoint and you know we know most people have very weak glutes so the add doctor magnets is that muscle most people woke up two days later after a heavy leg dance like oh my glutes are sore but they dug kind of underneath their glutes so it's one of those things that is often overutilized so we threw that in there and plus when we did the deep squat we are going to get some of their add doctors as well. And Wendy okay and thanks for that I think Brent I hope that answers the question for you and we have one more before that you get to the rest of the program and this one is from Tony thank you for watching today Tony and Tony wants to know since the glutes is often underactive why do we why do we focus can you talk about why we focus on that figure for stretch in your warm up. Sure so both 29 could jump in here but really when we're doing that it's going to be an active so we're not particularly holding it because it's the walking figure for but also when you get a figure for you're also hitting the peer formus which is so that can be very overactive for an underactive glute it really tries hard to stabilize and it tries to help when the glute is not firing so yes we're going to get a little bit of a glute stretch which is not a problem we're doing it actively but then we're really targeting and opening up that peer formus as well. Okay and I hope that answers your question Tony let's let's keep working down the template. Yeah and then under skill development we put in quick feet and there are so many different exercises that you can do with quick feet. I mean you can just do something where you're just going in place and it's literally like moving your foot as fast as you can back and forth trying to maintain proper posture. You know so again we didn't put something specific on what we mean by quick feet because you can be creative here. Some people do some of the different patterns that you would do inside of the speed ladder so everything from like an in and out out or you know an Ollie shuffle or or different types of patterns it's really whatever you want to do and what you think would be beneficial. So that's how when we say quick feet we left it kind of open for you guys to be creative but I usually do the in and out out type pattern as fast as someone can for 20 seconds but again making sure feet are facing forward they're maintaining proper alignment at all times. And then as soon as we get down with that we would go right into the quote resistance part and again there are so many different ways that you can do a boot camp or you can train and we don't even want to just say it's boot camp but when you're working with team working with multiple individuals and whatever type of layout or of group training you're calling it we're going to show you how Martin and I actually both do this is we do something like exercise A and exercise B and so what we would do is take the group and we would put people in pairs okay so again if Martin and I were on a team Marty would be teammate I would be be okay but we're we're together that's our pair and so the first thing that we would do we're thinking about setting it up into yards because again a lot of times that's easier for the instructor so for me if I did pay 15 yards and I and I set up different barriers of what 15 yards is then I can have one go you know doing the exercise to a certain distance and then coming back and then they can kind of tag team and then the next individual go do you have to do that no but a lot of times it's easier than worrying about specific numbers and counting and everything because everyone's different everyone's going to move at different paces and as an instructor it just makes it easier so with that type of set up and framework in mind the first thing that I would um Marty and I would have like maybe this particular group do is group A or exercise a similarity would go and do a bear crawl which is a total body exercise and then while he was moving and Marty you can kind of talk how that layout is while he was moving I would stay in our starting position which I would be exercise B and I would do jumping jacks until he returned so Marty do you want to add anything to that? Certainly mine so exercise A is going to be traveling exercise the way that we created these workouts again there's ways you can do it in stationary A and B could both be stationary but when you and I wanted to look at more of that bootcamp or if we had the ability to travel let's do some things that are unique because as we travel there's a lot of that neuromuscular coordination that has to go on so again that accident will exercise so whether you have you're out in the field and there's you know you can go to the 15 yard mark from the goal line or what I do is you could you know feel free to set up a battling growth or cones or they could put their water bottle at the end as long as it's safe if you're putting down something like rope put it a yard further than you want them to go to and just let them know that stop before but you know it doesn't have to be anything that's too complicated so exercise A they're going to travel the 15 yards exercise B stays put and then we rotate now again from a progression standpoint let's say someone is getting fatigued in the bear crawls you tell people ahead of time if I come over and give you this cue whatever that is they get up and they just jogged the rest of it that's fine maybe they don't only compare crawled 15 yards there they can't crawl back not a problem you give them the opportunity for what I always call the exit strategy on any exercise so you just set that ahead of time because you know what if somebody's just you're going too slow and you know you're waiting for them to finish for the rest of the group you just instead of you know given them something that now they stand out in the group just say whatever the cue is and now they get up and they run to the line into the back so that way we can keep the the class working and that's just where they are currently maybe they can only bear crawled there and that's totally fine and you'll see two under reps where it says A M R A P and that's just as many reps as possible so again it's saying that they have to do 20 or whatever it's do as many as they can until their partner comes back from they exercise the the traveling exercise so they would do that pair and then as soon as they're done with that they would go into quote the next pair so again we Marti and I would say is our pair but again he would be A I would be B and so Marti would do the inch worms to push ups and while he was doing that going forwards and backwards I would stay in place as as the B person doing something like a plank walk and all a plank walk is as it's not traveling it's staying in place it's maintaining proper alignment so you're looking at the five-minute change-check points and glutes drawing in chin stays back and and you're coming up into a low plank up into like a push-up or also termed as a high plank and then right back down and so you can alternate arms you could do however many you you know one person can jab would say go up on the left and then go up on the right and alternate back and forth because again you don't know how long it will take that client to return or I'm sorry your partner to return so so just keep that in mind and again guys you know we look at the bear curl and the inch worm the closed chain upper body exercise where my hands are on the ground so as I'm doing this properly think about all that core activation shoulder stabilization if I'm teaching it right and they're pushing into the ground that you know great stabilization in throughout the scapula thoracic joints keep in the chin touch now I'm accessing you know addressing the the cervical stability as well plus now I have that movement in that contour lateral motion with the bear crawl and that hinging pattern with the inch worm to push up so these are just things you want to consider and of course I want to think about what makes sense in pairs because I know what the next pair is and my overworking they're upper body too much and again that exit strategy so if I knew I had beginners and they take them a while to do the inch worm to push up I might say all right on the way there inch worm to push up on the way back let's just do the inch worms very easy control that and same thing if my clients are struggling because maybe it's taken their partner too long to go back remember your regressions all right when he down to one knee boom she knows what that means if she's doing the plank maybe she stops doing the plank walk and just goes to the plank or go down to two knees all those things are very easy to set up the very beginning and but it can still be a very dynamic and challenging program for people that can handle this level so it's very easy to have all kinds of you know different types of abilities within that same class yep and then to piggyback off of what Marty said I mean it is super important to really think about when you're choosing the exercises as Marty said for body versus lower body but you really need to have regress and progress exercises for each thing that you're doing because again you want to think to you're you know some people are you know you're going to be doing exercises where you're standing and then you're going straight down that's you know think about the demand on the hearts you know obviously it cardiovascularly as well so so again you want to think about your clientele you want it to make sense but definitely have backup exercises just in case somebody needs to completely kind of change change what they're doing all together and you know what may seem simple to us could be extremely challenging for a beginner so always have that in the back of your mind when you're going to work with with your group yeah that's cool and I have a question that just came in here from Fabio and what Fabio wants to know is well what he says is it looks like in your resistance block there's a lot of anterior chain dominant exercise it seems to predominate that part of your template why don't you have more posterior chain stuff and to me Marty it looks like there's some hidden exercise in there can you talk us through that yeah so two things I think Fabio is going to be real happy with the next exercise we pick and there's a reason why we put it at the end because remember how I said I'm always going to try to finish with some pulling so the bear crawl again think about what I'm doing I'm pushing into the ground and I'm really doing the bear crawl to focus on what goes on at my shoulders I want that great protraction I want you know that core stabilized and then if you look at how many pushups I put in there it's not as many because I'm doing the inch worm to get to travel and that I purposely did that so that people feel like they got their chest in where I didn't put the push-up down here where you're just rep and amount for a minute or two while you're waiting for your client to come back and also that inch worm if you get to a good hinge again you're pushing into the ground which they think is upper body but they don't realize how much retraction and depression of their scapula is they'll be getting at the same time so sneakiness stuff in there and then again that's what brings us back into the next one and I I mean hopefully that answered Fabio's question if not please let us know but to Marty's next the next pairing that we had was the frontal plane lunge would be exercise A so we're traveling on that and then we would have the exercise you know that your partner perform a single leg cobra and so again really focusing on you know the mid lower trap rhomboids that that type of a specific area so we're finishing with that again the term that we used before is postural reset just after we did some upper body of course they wanted in there we're going to finish with getting their body reset again yep and then one thing too because it is a boot camp you know and so people you know you want to think about running and doing all that stuff people just usually have fun back and forth well Marty and I like you know it's actually an assessment but I do this a lot with groups is finished with what you know what we have turned the kind of the left test or um and when you're doing an assessment but basically you're actually running down and back um so there's a specific pattern so you're going to run as fast as you can from one one area to another you choose the yardage you choose the distance then they actually back pedal and then they will do a side shuffle facing the same direction they shot side shuffle back then they carry ocha and then they carry ocha back against still always facing the same way so they're getting each side and then they sprint out as fast as they can to the end to the end mark and so super fun to do really you know you could do it as a group you could say okay I want you to do this pairing as soon as they're done they do the left test or whatever you want to call it your agility you know type running finisher and then they can redo it again or you could have them just do all the resistance and finish with with two of the metabolic finitures or what we have listed as the left test really up to you but super fun and the way I drew it makes it look like you're traveling forward but I can you know just to because of the board I just drew the arrows but I'd be in my same line so I would start here sprint when I get to that point I'd back pedal when I get here I turn and I would side shuffle side shuffle carry ocha carry ocha and then you sprint to the finish line so you're not moving forward I just wanted to draw it out how many repetitions you're doing here so it could take about 15 seconds you know for a moderate person maybe you get it 12 or under if you're at around 15 yards but again feel free to change that distance as you see appropriate and if someone's condition is down you can have one group do 10 yards and other group do 15 yards so that way they can aspire to you know to work towards that other next goal okay perfect and this next question is for both of you and Annie just wanted to know really quickly if you could describe the the karaoke sometime she has trouble working with her clients cueing them do carry ocha so do you have any cues tips for Annie to get her clients to do the the carry ocha a little more efficiently what do you want to take down? well I mean it's really I mean you really want to to just teach them the the footwork the best that you can I mean it's basically like you know the old school kind of like a great vine if you will but at a faster pace on a more you know an athletic level so you know I think it's just really slowing it down going through you know that you know step forward them behind and then and then how how the pattern works um I really don't have any any awesome ways to teach it other than just slowing it down and teaching them of pattern um Marty I don't know if you have just remember guys we always try to teach by tell show do yeah most of us are visual learners so if you cannot demonstrate exercise fairly well maybe you don't put that in there so again as Wendy said you know your body's gonna be a great position we're gonna be going from side to side so you build off that side shuffle and now you just have them cross in front they travel then they cross behind and then switch their legs and how they're doing it so again the best way to do it is to visually show somebody how to do it. yeah keep it simple and slow is smooth I think those hopefully Annie that that answer question and one other thing yeah I mean another thing I want to throw in there I mean you don't have to use that pattern again if you have like something else that you really want to um a client to do and you don't really know how to do that correctly then just take it out maybe they side-sup shuffle twice or maybe you have them do something like bounding hops instead um or bounding jumps excuse excuse me or hops I guess um so so you can be creative there we just use as an example because again you know it's in the textbook you can read about that but it's also something that Marty and I both happened to use when we were doing group training so yeah and then it's really cool and it looks like so the cool down is gonna be pretty much the same it's going to mirror our uh warm-up here so that's if everyone's been following along with us the last several weeks we want to cool down with some of those same uh alternative muscles that we identified in the beginning but now let's go over to the second template uh quickly because we're coming up to the end of the hour what is different about this template um let's go ahead Wendy yeah you'll notice that we kind of changed up some of the different test static stretches I mean again we're still focusing kind of in the same areas we did add a little bit of neck obviously so we're focusing a little bit more on the levator and the scaling as well again you're gonna choose the ones that you see best fits your group and and maybe some of the things that you're seeing and as people approach you and coming into your class the active um section again you know you're gonna see toes um you know some some great exercises that would activate typically interactive muscles um but these these are ones that you're pretty much familiar with so again if you have questions you can always let Marty and I know and we're happy to uh to go through what those are um we would still have them do the heel walks again for working the anterior tip we've added walking lunges with rotation so you know getting a little more more transverse uh work in there uh walking knee tuck instead of the frankenstines so we're just trying to show you guys that there are some different things that you can do just to kind of spice up your routine um one thing that I love to do especially in the dynamic warm up is a frontal plane lunge with just to figure eight so therefore you're getting your shoulders as well as working um muscles in the and their frontal plane lunge which is just a side lunge um and then you know trunk rotations again just preparing the body for what's ahead um and then we would go into the activation so the single leg balance with reach I mean you guys are all very very familiar with that particular exercise and then going into a stationary reverse lunge to balance so again still following a protocol making sure that it makes sense thinking about you know the corrective exercise you know strategies that we've been talking about for really you know the last few weeks and then thinking about like you know the OPET model as a whole um so you want to prepare everything as much as you can um we also for skill development when into some jumping lunges we did that again you could stay and do all like 10 of them on your right leg and then go 10 on your left or you can alternate them as well see what works best for your group see what you're comfortable with if you don't like those then change it and do something like a squat jump so you can again all alternate this I'm sorry you can do something like a speed lunge if you can't leave really go back yep and then so those that's again just our warm up Marty I was trying to go through it back and I worked a lot on time but is there anything else you want to add to that if you guys look deep you know we did a lot of scapula type of stuff we snuck in and you know you'll see that we did a little more hip-in-term rotation type of stuff with the walking lunge with rotation and some of the other things because there's always going to be areas that we just know we want to address so it's kind of like what's the hidden message in this workout or can you get multiple hidden messages but there's always more than meets the eye you know as you know from what apprentice understands and some of the questions and you know we're always trying to sneak some things in there and then we would go into the resistance again Marty and I set it up just with A and B soror pairs again if you don't like doing pairs and you have a better way that you want to set it up than feel free but we like the the traveling and then the other person stationary again just think about room and you know being able to control the room itself as an instructor but but also making sure that your participants have enough room to execute whatever it is that you're trying to accomplish with the exercises so you want to you know want to set them up for success always and so with that being said we wanted to do a frontal plane bear crawl this time and pair that with a spider-man push-up which are super super hard so if a person cannot do those then again they could do push-ups on the knees or you could think of something else like even just staying in a high-push-up position doing the shoulder taps and one thing one the I've done when I've done something more challenging I'm like all right give me five and then rest for 15 seconds give me five so I'll build in a you know a target so that way they're not doing them for a minute and a half if you so you can sprinkle that in as well exactly and again you you really want to make sure you're you're honing in on the five can edit chain check points at all times because again this is super super challenging so people will start to drop their head they'll start to you know go into scapular winging I mean they just they really need to focus on maintaining proper alignment or you need to regress them for sure and then after we did that we went into crab walks again forward and backwards and then paired that with the rotational planks and so for you guys that are on from you with those I mean again it's just being in a plank position usually I stack the arms this way and then they would go into one side they actually can increase and reach and get kind of a peck stretch which would feel great after doing the pushups and then they come right back down and just do that stack and then go into the other side so they can just rotate from one side to the other again it'll actually stretch so as an active stretch again from what they just did with the parent front but um a very challenging but fun exercise as well and then the last sorry Wendy we just got a question in from Kyle and he made a point about you wanted to know about exercise is like the bear crawl and crab crabb walks and he recognizes that sometimes there it puts a lot of demand on the shoulder stabilizer so what are some regressions that you would do in the boot camp setting to keep everybody moving and as you said Marty not really pointing anyone out but so that they can still get the same benefits from these two exercises. Well I'll jump in there because it would these were my ideas for this workout not that Wendy doesn't use these all time the way I've done this in the past is if when I assess the group that I have I know about their fitness level so I'm gonna set them up for success set them up for queuing knowing okay I got some people that'll easily do this I got some people that aren't there yet how do I address it ahead of time so you know as I get the class warm dump say all right for those that are haven't done five classes yet I want you just to bear crawl there and then get up and run back for those of you that don't over five classes I want you to bear crawl there and bear crawl back so that way I'm not pointing out that they're not good enough at it again it's that exit strategy what comes if fatigue hits and I'll always tell people guys if you don't have it today here's your regression because what if you just traveled in in our jet lag or you didn't sleep that night I think them feel comfortable with regression because in a lot of boot camps and a lot of workout people they they it's failure it's not failure it's just what's it's it's setting the tone from a very early and then knowing you give them those queues ahead of time so that way they automatically know what's happening and they don't feel that they're being called out in the middle of it because then it might might point to them in their mind that they're doing something wrong okay thanks and Kyle I hope that answers your question so let's let's keep working down template yeah so the last thing that we had was something is a broad jump to a hold again you're traveling now but you're also making sure that you kind of own that jump and what's so when we say hold it's not that you're you just want to make sure you're always in control so that's what we mean by that and then of course repeating until you get to the 15 yards and then turning around and coming back and while that person's traveling the other partner could do something like a single leg Romanian deadlift and Marty I mean I don't know if you have anything to add to those but no I just think you know where we're adding in some things that you require multi-joint stabilization eccentric deceleration and again when you're doing your broad jump give them the understanding of it's not how far you can go start off set one guys I want you to do eight jumps between these 10 yards or you pick the number so that way you know they're not overbounding then again from a okay guys if you've been doing this here for two weeks you should be able to cover this distance in six jumps or four jumps so again setting the stage and then again we're always going to spend some time on single leg we love the hinging patterns it's just something that we put in there free one leg yep and then again some type of metabolic finish or we think those are super fun sometimes you can do it as you're challenging the group or you know like okay all the A's line up and let's do this and now all the B's line up and let's do this you know so it just makes it fun and it makes it a little bit more competitive too I mean you don't have to set it up that way you definitely could just keep your pairs and do it that way it's just make it fun be creative we just want it again to provide some examples be sure to do it you know very very good warm up to prepare the body for this type of demand and then always always make sure that you finish with a cool down that's you know because again if you don't do it as a group they're gonna leave and say they'll do it later and they won't good point okay well that looks like yeah we have the finish or and again like the previous template we're going to cool down identifying those those overactive muscles to send them out proper posture after being trained aggressively by windy and mariting for the entire hour so thank I want to thank both of you very much this is very informed about the people who are listening to us today are able to take information and and start to leave this into your bootcamp practices when you're able to get back out there in the fields and train with your clients so while you're eating for a few more questions to trickle in windy what do you take away from today and tell us where to find you so I think my big takeaways is you know I'm always think you can do any type of corrective exercise so any of the CES in front of whatever type of training you're doing it if it's in the lives with a client or yourself as well as in a group think about what would be super beneficial what is typically overactive you know again it's not individualized but try to think big picture and what you commonly see and then and then design a fun program make sure it makes sense again think the big keys were making sure you have an exercise that you can progress and re-cress as Marty mentioned multiple times you know give them out so therefore they don't feel like a failure always keep it fun and be creative and the best way to find me you can email me directly at windy.bats at nsm.org or you can find me on instagram at windy.bats13 okay thank you very much windy and Marty what are your big takeaways from today and again tell us how to find you after this is all done. So a key thing is just because of a boot camp or group doesn't mean all the science because out the window and again boot camp I know people want to just hammer people give them a great fun workout a challenge on but if you follow the science they're going to be able to keep coming back and they're not going to be injured or sore they're going to burn their calories they're going to get what they want out of it and you can see we pick some very basic exercise that weren't on a scale of high intensity you know they weren't the burpees of the world things like that it was something that everyone should be able to do first day in and you could progress it for advanced people but it kept it safe but very very challenging and I think that's the key when you program and like Wendy said sneak in that CES before anything you do and then right there you'll see how Marty dot Miller at nesm dot dot dot org and then Instagram is Miller dot Marty 72. Thanks again for all of your information and thank you to everyone who spent time with us this afternoon I hope you are able to take this information and start to weave it into what you do and thank you as always to Greg who's been running the machine in the background. We will see you next time.

=== FILE: CES Programming Youth Athletes [vCC1U90yrLE].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and welcome to my name is Prince and as always on Hud Wendy and Marty, how are both doing this afternoon? Fantastic. Excellent. Thank you. Great. Great. And as always, we have great behind the scenes making sure that this is a well-oiled machine for the driven of the webinar. So we're going to continue our CES discussion and we're going to talk about youth athletes today and talking about some special considerations that you may want to think about when you're training youth athletes, some concepts around them being a special population, some variables that you want to be aware of and we're going to give you a training template. So with that are we ready to go? Yes. So Wendy, how are we going to help me get out of the well and become a hero in a half-shell? Well, again, Marty and I were excited about this talk because there's a lot of information that we can cover on a lot of different variables. And so we are going to talk mainly about strength training today considering we are going to do a program and kind of walk through the things that Marty and I both like to do. And I have done with some of our youth athletes before. So overall, you want to think about strength training. You know, these programs can benefit children and pre-adolescence by improving not only their strength, but also their ability, balance, lipid profiles, fat-free mass and of course personal self-esteem. And research is shown that school-aged children should participate in at least 60 minutes of moderate to vigorous, you know, developmentally appropriate of course physical activity each day. So some of the primary concerns and that's what we want to cover regarding strength training specifically is the safety and its effectiveness. And with some of the research that's out there, you know, if a strength training program follows the recommended guidelines and the precautions and is safe and effective, it's fantastic for children. And there's no real minimal aid requirement for any type of participation, although children must be able to follow directions. They need to demonstrate adequate balance as well as appropriation, which generally occurs around the ages of seven and eight. And you know, of course, starting the program, you know, you obviously want to get medical clearance and a full exam done by a medical professional. Same as you would do with an adult. Okay, excellent. And so I wanted to, I wanted to ask you a question about this. This is open for both of you, Wendy and Marty. We were talking a lot about fund foundational movement patterns. This is one of the considerations when we're training youth. We want to make sure that all of that stuff is dialed in, but in doing some reading and preparation for this, there are a couple of other factors that are important for the development of the youth. And one point is around cognition. How do you help and athlete analyze and understand their movements so that you help them, so that you help them build that mental connection to the movement? And how do you work with them emotionally? How do you get kids to love exercise so that they don't become an adult that has a negative association with training? So any one of you jump right in, tell me your thoughts on that? Marty, you can go first. Sing high and just spoke. No, no problem. So, you know, when you're dealing with youth, obviously, you know, you got to, and this still would go for my regular clients is you got to try to understand what motivates them or what may demotivate them. So you're never going to go wrong with keeping everything positive. You know, especially in the coaching aspect, if you are coaching, if you do crossover and do coach the sport, we're talking about fitness here right now. But you also have to understand that, you know, children, especially if you're doing things in a group, you got to be careful about self esteem issues and, you know, the whole awkwardness that comes with, you know, children and, you know, getting people to make sure that it's a supportive group. You know, you don't want people to be identified and, you know, picked it, you know, and singled out for maybe their lack of ability at this point. You know, apprentice, I know you and I are on the same age when we were back in Fizzad, you know, you picked teams and then you were always worried about being the one that stood there last. So, you know, even when we look at fitness, we want to set everybody up for success and have that positive encouragement because that will absolutely carry over to later in life when people have this negative connotation towards anything exercise or fitness related because not everyone is going to move as well or be as coordinated or as fit. And, you know, there's a lot of factors that go into that and we don't want that to be anything that is magnified. We want everyone to be successful. We want encouragement. We want people to, you know, if there is a group, we want people to, you know, work together to help bring everybody up and, you know, use everybody, you know, to make that a very positive and encouraging environment. And even if you're doing one on one, you're still going to want to highlight the positives and you're going to want to highlight their successes. And then when you look at what we're trying to accomplish, we're really trying to accomplish movement patterns just like we do with our adults. So, I've always said, I don't train movements. I'm not sorry, I don't train muscle that train movements. So, getting that, you know, dialed in in a very early age is going to have great carryover for later in life. And I can use myself as an example. You know, I played a lot of sports and I played outside a lot. But when I first got into your fitness, it was immediately a straight training. It was squats, bench, dead lips, things like that. And I know that affected my long-term movement later in life because I was really locking in patterns under load that I had to kind of change at once I learned these models. So it really kind of, you know, you get this great opportunity to really wire them, you know, from an early age and get them to move well first. And then obviously make it fun and kind of gamle-fi the little bit because children, in essence, they like to play it. So why not make your fitness program more like some type of thing that's fun and engaging for them? I think making it fun and having that positive emotional experience was a lot. Even if someone's not so-called talented, we all know that that kind of runs along the continuum and people get better at their own race. But if they have that emotional buy-in, they will that emotional bond what you're doing with them with movements will go a long way into keeping them focused and involved for the long term. And what do you say about that, Wendy? Yeah, I'm right there with both of you guys. I mean, it has to be fun. And you know, you know, you spoke about this earlier, you know, we really can be a huge influencer and these children's lives to whether they're going to really love whatever it is that you're doing with them or later on decide that this isn't for them for other reasons other than, you know, they're just not skilled at that particular thing that you're showing them. So for example, if it's a specific sport, you want to mode them because the more that they know about a sport, the more they're going to remember or the important points, that's a series for the performance as well as motor skill development. And I think that's crucial. I mean, if you're always saying, that's not right. Don't do this and everything's very negative, then it kind of get a negative thought about whatever it is that they're doing and then they're not going to want to do it any longer. So then they give up and quit, which is obviously what we don't want to happen considering our obesity, you know, numbers as well as just, you know, children lacking the excitement about playing sports and just becoming physically fit. Yeah, and I think you brought up, there's another good point on that slide and that is about specialization. And it very well may be the case that athletes aren't talented in certain sports, but if you, if you get them to love the idea of participating, they will find that their particular niche of sports that are sport or activity that works for them and they'll be able to thrive. Mm-hmm. And that really does kind of bring us into that next one about, you know, the difference is really between sports specialization as well as diversification, if you will. And so like let's take two steps back and let's talk about the difference. Like, you know, early sports, specialization can be defined as like the year rounds, like intensive training and a specific sport with the exclusion of their sport at any age. And then of course, on the other hand, when we're talking about sports diversification, you know, is to participate in a variety of activities through, you know, through an athletes life. And of course, what we've read and what we've seen, this helps develop like multilateral physical, social as well as physiological skills. And so, you know, when you're thinking about that, you want to think about some considerations and concerns for both, you know, so, you know, if you're thinking about, you know, the specific, you know, specialization, you know, and or for, you know, to, you know, make a shot, like really good at something we think that it's going to have to be structured practice and, you know, it's going to contain certain developmental components. And, you know, it's, it's basically working on one motor skill development for that specific, you know, specific sport. And so, therefore, they become very good in knowledge of what motivated in socialization in that one particular area, you know, but then, you know, you're going to have, you're going to have success if you do that, that particular sport. And they will achieve success in that sport setting, you know, including things like running and jumping and kicking and throwing and stuff. And if a child has an amateur, but if I should say, but if a child has an immature level, you know, a fundamental skill development, then they may attempt to play that organized sport, but the experience may not be as positive as someone who was developmentally ready to learn that sport, you know. So, so you want to think about that. And then when we think about this sport, diversification, you know, this can be thought of, again, as playing, you know, many sports. And, you know, Marty and I've talked about this, but this method exposes children to a magnitude of sports that focus on more playing than just practicing, if that makes sense. And it's going to provide an environment that's going to nurture a genuine love for a sport, so that it's productive and structured, you know. And then that way you can have a practice that may follow later on. And, you know, the belief behind the sport diversification is that the physical and cognitive abilities are going to develop quicker, you know, by playing multiple sports instead of just one because the potential of crossover from playing multiple sports. So, you know, for example, instead of just only developing hand-eye coordination as it pertains to hitting and throwing and baseball, you know, a child can be playing baseball and then also play soccer and then they're developing like foot and hand-eye coordination as well. So, I mean, those are some considerations to think about when your child is going into sports, do you want them to play one sport or else those sports? Okay, great point and Marty, do you have anything to add to that? Yeah, and there's, you know, we're talking and there's some great research that's really, you know, coming to the forefront right now, Dr. James Andrews and all the great research that they're doing out of Birmingham, Alabama and they're looking at, you know, for one sport is a perfect example. I live in South Florida. It's a mecca of travel baseball and there's a couple of areas in the country that have the same issue in that right around 12, 13, the parents and or the athlete are kind of putting the individual, uh, youngster into one sport and they're playing it almost year around and, you know, the rate of injuries, you know, for Tommy John surgeries and all of these major injuries that she wouldn't expect to see in youth athletes is increasing as they begin to specialize in one sport. So I know Dr. Andrews, you could find a lot of his research and comments out there that he is basically begging parents not to have athletes specialize in one sport. Especially when you're looking at some of these sports such as overhead throwing athletes, you know, the higher risk for it to begin with and going back to, you know, my original background is an athlete trainer. I went into athletic training to wait for athletes to get hurt. It's not a matter of if it's just a matter of when. So sports are great and we're always going to encourage you to do sports, but we don't do them because they're great for a sports, apetically. But then when you put that stress on the youth skeleton and, you know, when you know, I'll talk a little more about this, you know, you can be setting them up for long term issues that, you know, they may break down a lot sooner, even though they're becoming better in that one sport than these athletes who play multiple sports and all of a sudden you see in peak, you know, towards late high school in the age because they're a more well diverse athlete. Yeah. So that's those are all really good points. Now let me ask you a philosophical question, Marty, how do you manage that? Because the nature of the game is this and this is just my own personal observation. It's a little bit different than when I grew up. There weren't all of these dedicated leagues and the potential for kids, you know, moving forward and playing at higher levels. Maybe they don't get a look unless they spend time in groups like AAU, Ball, and in various sports. How do you manage that and suggest that to parents or maybe in working in collaboration with coaches that we allow them to? We allow these kids to play multiple sports. It's a great thing that you bring it up because I can tell you firsthand I've had these exact conversations being an athletic trainer and, you know, with my background and, you know, because I've trained professional baseball players of course the parents wanted me to work with their kids and so I would have these exact questions and answers, you know, with the parent and I would always do this without the child there. I would sit down with the parent and say, okay, I've got the best interest of your child, short-term and long-term. Here's what I know as a professional is, you know, if you're going to specialize, here's the risks, mental burnout fatigue from the child from just participating in the sport and increased risk and injury and I would just say, here's the data and I would go look up the most current research and show them. And now, if the goal and if this time sits the athlete driving in there that passion about the sport, I was a die-hard baseball guy but I lived in upstate New York. The offseason was forced upon me, right? So I couldn't play all year. I lived in Florida. I guarantee I would have. So sometimes you got the parent that you need to bring them back to reality and calm them down a bit and sometimes it's the child and you got to find that balance. But I would speak the parent, like, okay, if this is going to be a year-round sport, you were really going to have to invest equally in the amount of time and attention to these programs that I give you. These aren't optional. And I asked them to get their recovery and they're sleeping and to, you know, not always play the same position with the coach that they're not getting as many innings because sometimes you're dealing with two coaches. You've got your travel ball coach, you've got your regular coach and they're not communicating and they're getting too much volume in that way. And I really spelled out for them and I think most of it, the parent and the athlete would be very appreciative because if you really show them that, hey, this is based on the best research and this is really what the highest level athletes are doing. You're going to have to do your phone rolling. You may have to invest in the recovery goals and you're going to not have to be, you know, you can't eat Doritos. You're going to have to go to bed early in more water and do all this stuff. You know, the people are compliant and I think they're appreciative and they really want that extra level of service and care and I think it's a great opportunity for all of you profusers to offer that. And if the athletes are compliant, you have a much better chance of getting them to the end goal without injury. But if they don't listen to that advice, you know, at least you do what you can do by offering that full plan. And then that's everything that you can do as a professional. Okay, yeah, thank you for that. Those are all really valid points. Yeah, it's a, it's a, it's a hard sell. But you're really doing, you're doing this in the best interest of your athlete. If you're able to educate them on the, uh, the danger sometimes of doing too much too soon, I don't want to hold this discussion up. We have, I've been looking through the program as we've been talking. Uh, so let's talk about, uh, let's move to movement. Ascension. Are we ready to go ahead? Sure. All right. So of course, you know, as we've talked about like, from multiple weeks now and, you know, obviously, as you NAS and professionals know, you know, movement assessments are just as important with a youth athlete or, um, as, as working with an adult. So, you know, considerations of doing an overhead squat. Of course, you're going to set up these visuals using the five-kinette at change checkpoints. You're going to perform the squats and gather the information that's needed. And then from there, you're going to, to create course and individualize based program, you know, according to the results. If they are capable and you saw that, you know, it would be safe. Of course, for a athlete to perform a single leg squat, then you would go ahead again, set them back up in the five-kinette at change checkpoints. They would keep their hands on their hips and perform five squats. Again, you're going to gather that information. And just as a reminder, if you get different data from your overheads and your single leg squat, you're going to use a lower body data that you received from your single leg squat to build the, the correct program for that specific, um, Colleanne or athlete. Okay. So let's move, I think we're good with, with this information. I think we've talked about the overhead squat assessment. So, um, just some, but let's go back to that. What are some common things that you see with your, with your youth athletes? Well, for me, and fortunately, it's about the same. You know, we still see, commonly, the feet, uh, turning out from overactivity of the lateral gastroccans, or head of the bicep fem, uh, of course, because they're sitting for long hours in a day at school, uh, so hip flexors are overactive. And then they go and do some sort of hip flex dominant, uh, sport, such as running and, um, being in a, in a shortened position. That's not uncommon. So overactive hip flexors. And then, of course, the being, uh, on their phone, on their computer sitting at a desk, the rounded shoulders and forward head. So those are the common ones that I see. And again, I don't, I can't say that there's something that is more noticeable with youth athletes than even my professional athletes that have been in the league for years. I don't see a lot of differentiation in between the two at all. Oh, that's it. I think you're going to go ahead. The only thing I was going to add in there is this all is very relevant for just youths. If you're training youths as well, you know, not everyone's going to train youth athletes. But what I've noticed, you know, and I think the status out is this the youth tend to be a less conditioned and we were at RA to be used to play outside. We used to just be more active even if you weren't quote unquote an athlete. There was just more, you know, physical activity. So, you know, even if you're not dealing with youth athletes, I think everything that we're talking about is still very relevant and pertinent to those people that you're just trying to get to become more physically fit that may never play to organize sport. Yeah. And just for people listening, I'm using athlete in the ubiquitous sense. I treat everyone as an athlete regardless of where they are just in my mind competitive or not competitive, recreational. So, once you get in there and you're working out in the gym, regardless of how you perceive yourself to me, you're an athlete. I have to treat you that way. And just one thing, the reason I asked that question previously is that because my daughter is in dance, I see two a dancer, a lot of low back arch, and because they haven't developed strong movement patterns. In their hips, I see a lot of with their or strengthen control in their hips. I see a lot of challenges with knee valgance, a lot of knees, caving in, and feet flattening. So, that's why I asked that question. I just wanted to know if there's some other commonalities in those compensations. But let's move ahead. Let's talk about our dynamic assessments and what we're looking for in both of these tests. So, again, you can perform any dynamic assessment that you feel is going to be appropriate based on the sport, as well as based on the individual that's coming in to see you. For this particular webinar, Marty and I chose the Davies test, as well as the less test. And so, again, if you're not familiar with the two, if you look bottom right, you're going to see kind of an example of both of those on the chart. So, you would get in the Davies test, you would put the individual on a push-up position. Again, you're looking for it. Does their chin fall forward? Do they have scapular winging? Can they maintain control of their trunk? And at the same time, you're setting up the tape. Now, we haven't set up for 36 inches, because that's typically what you would do. However, if you have a little guy that comes in, 36 inches may be a good and an extreme distance to cover. So, it is okay to shorten that distance. If it's appropriate for that individual, it's just every time you reassess, you're going to want to make sure that you set that out to whatever length that you're setting it out the first time. You're always going to have to remember to change it to whatever length each time to get adequate assessment data. And so, you would again try to do two trials. The first one's mainly, so they understand the pattern. And then at that point, you're going to have them do it as fast as they can for 15 seconds. And then, of course, you're going to take the best score. After you do that, one of the tests that I both really like, especially working with youth, is the less test. And for some of you guys that are unfamiliar with that particular dynamic assessment, the less test stands for the landing error scoring system. And there is a ton of research out there utilizing this particular assessment, and there are multiple ways to perform it. However, you want to say that there's something called the real-time test. And basically, what you're doing is you're using a 12 inch box, and you put a line out in front of the athlete that's about half the athlete's height. And that's the distance that you're asking them to jump out on. And then immediately, they go and do a squat jump. And so, if you're doing the real-time test, then you're going to do two per view. One from the anterior side and one lateral side, you're going to basically fill out a questionnaire. And mainly the questionnaire is usually 13 questions. There are some that are eight, just kind of depends on which one you're hitting. And it's yes and no. And we're basically what's happening at the footstep, the trunk, and basically we're all how coordinated are they. And so, you know, if you want me to talk about questions, then I would take in the book or look online because it really is a guest. But then there's also something that you can set up. And that's the one that's commonly used in a video camera on the side and on the front. And then you just have that particular effort form, the same movements, three different times. You record it and then you go back and ask it and answer the questions. And obviously, you know, when you're looking at the compensations, each compensation has a specific point value. And the determined, the relative injury risk associated with that. And the higher point value that you receive from data indicates there's a greater risk injury or risk of injury. Excuse me. Okay. So, that's a lot to take in as Wendy said, you know, you're going to have to do. I don't think we'll be able to take you through the entire test over the course of this webinar. But all of those resources are available for you definitely online and in your in your CTT, EES manuals. So let's go ahead and talk about what's talk about the CES related to as it's related to children. And before we do, we have a question and I'm going to read that to you. We have Erin. And thank you for listening today, Erin. I recognize Erin. He is a repeat viewer. And Erin wants to know, is there, is there a ratio then according to shoulder distance like one or five of the distance. And I'm going to speculate that we're possibly talking about the Davies test. Is there, is there some sort of ratio that you use to determine that width in which you would have the athlete set up for the test or is it just standard? Is it just the standard distance? One standard distance. Well, probably what I do is, you know, you want to think about the the the wingspan of each individual. And then at that point, you also want to think when they get into a push-up position, what is comfortable? And then I kind of use both of those as a guide. I don't think that there's something specific or if there's a specific calculation of exactly how far apart the B based on heights, I don't know that data. Specifically, I would do is I kind of think about, all right, if my, you know, somebody comes in and they're five foot, then all right, what would be, you know, a challenging distance. But then also you want to think that you don't want them to be so far out that they lose base of control in their and their lower body and in their trunk, because you want to get good data on how they move. And, you know, can they maintain that alignment? So, Marty, I don't know if you have a different answer to that, but no, again, 36 inches was the standard when the test was out. So, I use that for adults. Now, again, if I have a female that is five foot, I'll adjust it again. I'll just, you know, what I'm looking for is outside their regular push-up position, I need them to move left and right outside that normal distance because we're looking for that ability to control your core and your scapula and all that as you transition side to side. So, basically, you know, a rule of thumb is you could do it, you know, every six inches or so. I'll do it 36, 30, 24, and then you just kind of, you know, feel where everyone's appropriate or what I would do is when they get in their standard push-up, at least measure four inches left and right of where they set up. So, that way, they're at least transitioning. It's not going to be where they're just reaching and touching their hand. We're looking for a true movement to their left and to their right. Okay, I think that that pretty much settles it. So, you want to set them up where it's going to be challenging but where they also have a base of control where the test is going to be valid. And Erin, I'm not sure if that was what you wanted to know, but if you could chime in in the the chat, let us know if that answered your question and to also everyone else listening, please keep those questions coming. No, Wendy and Martin want to answer your questions while we have a captive audience for the for another 30 minutes at least. So, keep those questions coming. And so, let's move forward and talk about some program concept for the youth regarding CES. And before we get into this specifically, what are some since youth would be a special population? What are some considerations that we would look for? As an example, when I grow when I was growing up, I suffered from ostrichlotters. If you don't know what that is, to growth plate disorder, kind of like an evulsion fracture in your growth plate at the tibia, my daughter had a similar thing but at the heel called Cedars Disease. And knowing that there are all of these just potential, potential contraindications related to growth, what are some of the considerations that we should know about training youth athletes? Let's start with you, Martin. Sure. So, first and foremost, you're going to want to, you know, get the parents involved to make sure that you get their consent and also, you know, speak to the pediatrician. So, always good to see if they've been medically cleared or there's any of these underlying conditions as you've talked about. And I also think very early on, it's good to see, you know, what the concept of the parents mindset is. You know, you're going to get some parents that, you know, might be kind of like those helicopter parents that are going to, you know, maybe baby their children, which is fine. But they also let you know, maybe how the child is going to react is you're going through your training. But then you're also going to get some of the parents that are, you know, going back to the days where they played football or lifted way to it's no pain, no gain. Because you're going to have to maybe do some education on both sides of that with the parent and then understand how that may affect the child as they, you know, are coming in because they've been in that environment. So, it's just, you know, can't give you exact specifics. But I think you know, we know that the parent has to be involved throughout the process. And I always want to set up the expectations for the parent and the child as well. Then from there, you know, what I'm going to say in one of you now, I'm going to get into this more is take it slow, you know, when you're a little with youth. And I have three boys that are, well, this is 21, my twins are 19. They still classify as youth in a sense. They're not fully fully developed. Obviously, they're towards the tail end of it. But when you're dealing with youth, there's no exact specific, oh, do this for 13 year olds and this for 15 year olds. You've got different maturity level, different ability to follow instructions, different ability to focus, and we're all maturing at different abilities and be very careful. And we come back to this in a little bit because when we're talking about this, be very careful about the youth that matures very quickly. That doesn't mean that they're ready for an accelerated program just because they look bigger, they look stronger, they're more powerful because their bones and their joints are still young. And if we look at where the orthopedic issues are, you know, if God permits somebody strains a muscle, that's going to heal pretty quickly. But we don't want to put stress on the joints. So those are kind of some key parameters. Obviously, they have any medical issues that you need to be considered it with whether it's diabetes, whether it's obesity, whether it's just general deconditioning or all the type of other structural things that you mentioned, apprentice, you know, those things all have to come into account. But when you see how Wendy and I approach the programming, it's going to kind of protect itself because we're not rushing right to strength training because that's not really the main priority for youth development. Even for those athlete quote, want to get stronger or more powerful. And you'll see that as we talk about our program. So Wendy, of course, feel free to jump in there. No, I mean, you know, because you brought up injury, you know, apprentice, you know, one of the key factors that I kept reading on was, you know, that youth athletes, you know, as Marty just said, there's a difference between being chronological age and developmental age. And so we need to keep that in mind and kids, you know, our children are still growing. So the constant changes in the body weight, the height, the muscle mass, you know, is going to provide additional stress on the joints and the connective tissue. So, you know, keeping that in mind is going to be super, super important because in young athletes, growth, hard-lidges, present at the growth plate, as you just talked about. And as well as the Musco-attendulous Musco-attendulous insertion. So, you know, it's going to be very vulnerable when we're placing stress on it and we're designing programs and doing that. But if you have a well-designed program, and it's following the recommended loads, sets, you know, repetitions, and it's appropriate for that specific athletes age in their body, then, you know, you shouldn't have any injuries or issues or injuries at all. So that's why it's very, very important. You know, the rare cases that you get some of these fractures is that people are performing, you know, movements and performing exercises and stuff by misusing the equipment. They don't have the right supervision. They're not being cute correctly. They don't have a program that really fits, you know, their assessment results. People aren't doing these assessments. And so I think that's why it's kind of all inclusive and super, super important for the health of the athlete as well as the developmental motor pattern and recruitment that you're doing when you're doing these types of workouts. Yeah, I think that's a on very good consideration. And also, I'd like to add is there's a maturity of the athlete. There's the biological age, but then there's also the fact that you brought up that there's still growing. You know, I have a, I have a 10 year old and she grew five inches in a year, in a calendar year and she's now five foot six. So she can look I'd, I with you now, Wendy. But I wish I was five six. There are, but there are some things that we've noted that once once you grow, it's almost like a reset on your nervous system. You kind of have to learn, learn your mechanics over again and learn how to deal with, you know, different limb lengths, different, different, different weight distributions. And that's something you want to take in the consideration as well when you're giving your athlete complex, complex movements. So it's not, I like that you brought up that you can't really rush into this thing. And you have to construct, we'd be looking at feedback that your, your athletes give you. So let's go ahead and move on to the program. Let's see what you did for our youth athletes. Sure, I'm already going to get forward again to kind of talk through some of the, the, you know, stretches as well as how we designed it. Of course, basic assessment results is how we came up with some of this. But again, we're, we're generalizing out because we're not using a specific case study. So for this particular, you know, program, we are going to have the athlete to perform a self-mile facial rolling on the calf complex, the adductors, the T.A. on the lats and Marty's going to kind of go into the rationale of why. Yeah. So just when he talked earlier, what she sees in her class, you know, from adult, we also see in youth, they're going to barely move the same way. They're going to have that, that the propensity to have overactive calf complex, the knees are kinachavin, some type of, you know, poor posture. So common for the TFL, again, in from the hip sitting, and then also the lats, you know, being in that route in position. So you know, wrong, if you have to do a general program hitting these key areas. Yes. And then after rolling, of course, we would go into static stretching if we saw compensations in the assessment. So you're obviously thinking that we, so we're going to have the athlete perform static stretching on the calf complex, the adductors, the lats, and we're going to at now add in the pecks. Okay. I noticed that now when you're working with you, you have dynamic stretching here. And what's your, we've talked about this in cases of adults, but why do you, why is it okay to put dynamic stretching in their, in their warm-up, in the CDS template? Well, I mean, if you kind of read about, you know, training youth, and you think about these individuals that are coming to you, you know, learning a new exercise, you know, you can think about, you know, it's no load higher repetition, and it's going to place focus on their form and their technique. So when we're adding in the dynamic stretching, you know, we are actually developing, you know, strength and promoting flexibility. And these exercises are going to be performed through the full available range of motion, which is really trying to teach those movement patterns that we want to carry over when we get into the resistance portion. Okay, awesome. And I want to ask you one more, and this is another philosophical question, about Q-A, because everything you said just in that last little bit, I understand about the rationale, but to, to a kid that sounds like the teacher, and I'm going to date myself, it sounds like the teacher from Charlie Brown, like a commuted trombone. So how do you queue this to make this fun for for your youth athletes? I'm not sure how to take that comment there, um, print this, however. I think I'm just telling you, you've seen it, and you start talking about this, and they're like, I don't get it, and they're eyes glaze over. I think you start filling out a lot of those terms. I mean, for me, the big thing is, is tell them, like, go through the full available range of motion. It's like, okay, you know, that's great. We're not dumb as stretching. Now let's get you moving. You know, we're going to start with prisoners and put your hands here, and want to do this, like, make it fun, make it engaging, you know, don't make it boring, because, you know, they may not want to be there anyway. Their coach may have sent them because maybe in the off season, and there's a lot of good research saying how, what a good carryover it would be for them to do this in the off season. Um, so I think it's more, it's same thing with building the rapport that you do with your older clients. You want to treat this the same, like, find out their interests, make it fun, but don't go into the boring, you know, like, you know, and again, we were talked about making it positive. You know, show them what you want them to do, and be like, hey, bring that left knee in, or hey, your foot's going a little bit, bring it in, and then, and then move on, you know, like, don't, don't sit there and harp on them the whole time. All right. So let's go ahead. Yeah, go ahead. To say, under dynamic, we did have the, you know, the athlete perform prisoner squats, as well as the walking lunges with broach and then a push up with rotation and Marty, you can into toe. So what are those those? Yeah. So the thing, and Wendy, you know, said it, we're looking to get these young athletes to start to learn how to control movement three dimensionally and, you know, multiple joints together, you know, getting everything coordinated in that beautiful movement. So prisoner squats is something that's very easy to, you know, for everybody ball ages and all abilities to demonstrate. And again, we'll get them to the depth that they can control with some very simple cues. And then walking, lunges with rotation, again, getting them to start to learn how to control things in the multi, in a transverse plane, and then push up with rotation and we're getting that core in, getting them to learn how to balance on one arm and reactivating all those shoulder stabilizers. But very easy visually to see what's going on, instead of trying to walk them through verbally, you know, we always say, tell show do as an instructor or trainer, very easy to say, all right, guys, we're doing our prisoner squats. Watch me. It's very, those are very simple exercises that once somebody sees it demonstrated can be able to do it. And then as a coach, really easy to modify a hundred two simple cues you can get without getting talent. Yeah, absolutely. Those are all great things and one thing that throw in there for my experience when I had the opportunity to train small, small groups of youth. I would take this time to play very fierce games. Simon says exactly. And that that's him too. That seemed to be a winner. So yeah, just continue like both Wendy and Marty said, you have to make it fun. You have to make it fun. Don't talk too much. You can get a picture tells a big story. So in front of sure, you go back to how we've taught, you know, and been instructed martial arts for years, we could do the I go you go. So as people are getting better at these, you know, you can alternate and let now some of you know, where you're helping cue with your other teammates or your other individuals in the session. So now, you know, you're really trying to help your collinex seed in that I go you know, I wouldn't have to squat, squat, squat, apprentice rests. It's versatile in that way. They can coach each other, mode of each other. And now it's extra set of eyes for me. They hit the coach. If it's a bigger group, where each one of my students or my athletes know how to perform these exercise, you can cue their partner. So again, makes that camaraderie a little bit and everyone succeeds together. Excellent. And that does check two boxes. If when you're having them coach and cue one another after giving your instructions and motivating each other, that checks those two boxes of cognition and that emotional development that's so important for you, athletes. But since we're running, uh, since we're running out of time, I want to get through this program. Let's talk about action, core balance and tell us what you pick or why you picked, what you picked for the youth athlete. Sure. Of course, you know, we're still following the continuum that you guys have. And it's super important now that we know that we have muscles that are are lengthened and ready to go to activate muscles that are potentially and usually overactive and multiple individuals. So we would have this athlete or this team, perform bridges, floor cobras, sideplanks, lateral tube walks, and then single-like balance each. And when, you know, in that section alone, you know, while my heart is running it down, I mean, we're really trying to focus on the glutes, trying to focus on the core, focus on the middle to low back because of the rounded shoulders, you know, obviously the flat, so we can get them going into retry and then try to strengthen the muscles of the neck. And then, you know, the lateral tube walking again because we often know that the the glute meat is weak. We would have them perform the two walks for that reason. And then going in the single-like balance with re-printishing, they'll do it a little bit by, you know, youth often pronate. So it's really good to work on our toolignment, which is also going to help with, you know, the teaching proper movement patterns of keeping the second toe in line with the knee. So, you know, we'd start with the single-like balance, but we could progress with the reaches of the ready. And of course, have it multi-planar, so, you know, not how they do in each plane of motion. And then we would go into the skill development, so the plyo and SACU. And so the squat jump with the hold, again, working on landing mechanics, maintaining either five kinetic change points. They are going to hold that landing. If their feet go out, we re-adjust them. If they have an arch in their back, we re-adjust them. So we're trying to train the brain the correct way to land. And then, of course, after that, we would go into the speed ladder. And we have full ladder, of course, every distance is different. So we didn't want to put it particular distance, but, and we have seven patterns. There's a ton of different patterns that you could do. The ones that I really like to do are, you know, just a one-in, a ten, the n-n-out out diagonal, all-ey shuffle, you know, hopping in and out of different, you know, different ladders or different boxes. There's just there's a more ways in any kind of time for patterns that you feel comfortable showing your athlete. It makes you super fun. And so, if we're doing this one-on-one, but if you had a team, you could actually, you know, make it competitive, make it, you know, like joke around with people. So, so, again, you know, do it on your feet. You could do it on your feet. There's a, there's multiple ways you can do the ladder, but the ladder really does increase the, you know, the enjoyment in the program, especially when you're working with you. And let me ask you a question about the ladder. Well, that's, I don't think I've ever asked a quick question since we've been doing these webinars, but I will continue. Is there, and this is more, everyone in everyone's list today, is there a continuum of, of the techniques in your, in your, in your speed ladder drills? Is there a technique that you start with and progress them to? Can you walk us through what your exercise selection is like? What your thought process is for picking agility exercises? Wendy? Sure. And, you know, of course, think about the three planes of motion. I mean, we move in three planes of motions, sports, or, you know, multi-nors, so we want to get them moving, obviously, in all three planes as quickly as we can, but we also want to make it safe. So, doing things in the sagittal plane by just running in and out, you know, whether they run, or they can come backwards, like used to the sagittal plane is usually the easiest, and then moving them into more of the frontal plane by doing, you know, the, the Ollie shuffle, by, you know, doing different types of movements like that, going in the frontal plane. And then afterwards, if you know that they own those two particular planes of motion, then you start to have them add some rotational, rotational movement. So, I wouldn't treat that any different than I would treat an exercise selection, and I'm doing with an individual on the programming design side. Marty, I don't know if you have anything to add to that. I was going to explain it the exact same way, and then, you know, basically keeping one simple pattern, you know, where, you know, sometimes you're going in to out, and all those things, those are the end, or going backwards, would be final part of it, but always file in the planes of motion. Okay. So, now, what let's talk about resistance training for youth athlete, what was your rationale for picking the exercises that you did in this block? Well, we know with working with children that, you know, we're going to use so maximal loads, so when we're designing a program, you want to keep that in mind, because we really want to focus and hone in on their form and their techniques, and a variety of planes of motion, and using a variety of different, you know, equipment or body weight, mainly body weight, to make sure that they can control what they have. So, with that being said, we did bring out, you know, a piece of band or tubing, and had the individual go into a squat to row. Marty, do you want to talk about why? Yeah, certainly, just like, you know, for anyone who's been on the webinar in the past, this is one of our go-to exercises, because you're really getting that triple function to triple extension, the band or the cable, if you were in a gym, helps guide the movement patterns, so they learn how to squat better, forces core activation, and as you come up, you're getting extension with retraction, and then if you're getting that chin in the right position, you're getting that total body alignment. Really guiding them to learn how to squat, why you're giving them some assistance with the band, or if you did it in a gym with the cable. Then, of course, we are following the 421 tempo, because we are kind of designing this as a phase one program, but then we would go into a kneeling half band chest press, and Marty can talk to us through why on that as well. Yeah. So, instead of just getting ready to push up, so any type of standard chest press, as soon as we go to that half kneeling, they're going to have to fight and work their core. You know, the athlete or the youth might think, oh, great, I'm doing chest, that's a secondary part for us. It's really, can they control their entire core, which of course includes their scapula, and so that way we're getting that full pushing pattern and with that plus to get that full protraction, and again, watching things about, can they keep their core in neutral? Can they keep their head tucked in their chin tucked into that neutral position? The chest part of it is kind of secondary for us, but we don't tell that to our necessarily, but we're going to put the men a chance to give a lot of neuromuscular control going on. And then we can also watch what happens when you switch from one half kneeling on the right that a left. Sometimes you'll see that media's boom, all of a sudden they can do a great with their right leg down, but they can't do left leg down. So, it's another way to see how their body is wired and see if we need to target anything in another program. And I've always enjoyed using half kneeling and kneeling progressions, because it's just even that we are, we are definitely training the core, but it also it also gives them less that they have to control being on the floor. They're only responsible at that point for their hip, their the LPHC and not everything below the hip. So it gives them a little bit less to control, reinforces things that they've already learned by doing planks at this time. So I love that progression there. And then we would go right into a stability ball ball combo too. And Marty, why did we pick that one? So again, we're looking for that retraction and external rotation, because most of us including all of us, including our youth, are going to be in that forward flexed, you know, upper cross syndrome position. So we're trying to get them out of that. And then by using a stability ball, one is engaging and fun for them. So there's that cognitive having to learn how to control themselves. Plus now we're getting that triple extension on the backside of their body, neutral the spine, interactivity, the quads are tightened, they're pushing into a wall or some type of firm object. So as I've said before, we use this terminal out that accidental exercise. So they're also training their lower body in that triple extension position, but really just working on that retraction with external rotation without losing the neutral spine. And then we would end the resistance portion with a frontal plane lunch to balance. So here we want to get things into the frontal plane. We don't want to always just say sad, it also we want to start to shift to some frontal plane movement down the line. We get into transverse plane. But really as we go into that frontal plane door, opening up the ad dr on one side and we're really using the glute and glute medius to drive back and then the core and all those muscles in the foot all the way up through. When we finish in a balanced position. So again, a lot of bang for our buck there, but it makes the athlete kind of focus on learning how to control things out in a different plane emotion. Yep. And then after that we would get into the client's choice. Which really this is more of the trainers toy and this is actually one of more of my choices. But I would say like finish with a leg circuit. Again, leg super or circuits are super super fun because once you show them the four movement patterns that you want them to do, you want them to execute it as they can. Of course, you are monitoring their movement at all time so it needs to be controlled. But you know, for example, the leg circuits that I usually go within the sagittal plane would be prisoner squats and to alternating lunges and to power step ups and then they would finish with 10 squats squats. And again, you can use any ones that you like and you can do different again, planes of motion. However, those are the ones that I usually teach individuals how to do first and then build upon that. And then of course after they get done doing the two sets of the resistance as well as the client's choice, we would go into the cooldown. Which we know is going to be extremely important because if you do not, if you have a youth, not do it there in your session, they probably will not do it at home. Right. Yes, and they are going to need this cooldown after the leg circuit. I've done myself completing it without having baby shark on repeat. You need to go into cooldown to, yeah, just to just to restore the help of to recover for that next battle of exercise. And it should look like a lot of like what we did in our warm-up. Yeah, there really wasn't any changes that we did in the rolling. We didn't include the TFL, but of course, we included that. And then on the static stretches, we did include the hip flexors as well. And you could have done those in the beginning. We were just again, you kind of general generalizing the warm-up because we don't really have assessment results to base it off of. Right. And speaking of in the reason why that's that's if we look down, just as just for the other fit pros we're living, if we're looking at that half-nealing exercise, talk about accidental exercise. If you're having the whole disabled half-nealing position without sensation, yeah, just guess what you're stretching out at that point. Exactly. So it's all in there at various points with in the template. It doesn't necessarily always have to be in its specific block, which is how to figure out where to put it in intelligently. Okay. So is there anything else we need to know from this particular from my little Timmy's template? Nope, I think we covered it. Okay. Just make it and very encouraging and keep it positive because it can be set in these individuals up for a lifelong enjoyment of fitness is awesome. I'm going to ask you since you gave us that take away Marty. Let's stay with you and I want to ask you another philosophical question. What's your tell us again your strategy on how to communicate this if we do work with competitive athletes? How do you communicate the value of this to coaches? Sure. So the beautiful thing, if you're following the NSM model, this was built by Dr. Mike Clark who was working at North Carolina with elite athletes and it's been evidence-based and it's been proven. And what's so good right now is what we see in fitness now is recovery and all these other things. Most of all that starts in elite sports anyways. So we've got an advantage to tell a story that we are following a program that was designed to work with elite athletes and we're just bringing it to you as a youth athlete and as a coach of youth athletes and you know 20 years ago all the science was still coming out proving this methodology to be right. We now have 20 years of science showing that this is the best system and all the different teams and you know you see it now on Instagram all the time people rolling and doing all these techniques. So now it's not so abstract is like when Wendy and I were early in the game and same thing with you, practice we were caring from rollers into a gym and people didn't even know what it was. So when you tell that story of why you've chosen to be educated by NSM and why you're following this and that this is for the best athletes in the world, it's a little bit easier to convince those coaches because I think there's enough data and points out there now about injuries and recovery and you know people understand mobility and stability now way more than they did in the past. So I think you're going to have a client and that you're going to just help the coach and you're going to help the team and the parents in the long run. So I think it's just an awesome opportunity to go out there and make a huge impact. Okay, thanks Marty and I know we can see it on the screen but again just tell us where to find you where to send follow up questions. Sure, so Marty dot Miller at NSM dot ORG and then Instagram is Miller dot Mori seven two and then tomorrow morning at 6 a.m. East Coast time I'll be doing a coffee talk so feel free to jump in there if there's any other questions that kind of stem from what we're talking about today we can bring them back up tomorrow live on Instagram. All right, thank you, Marty and when what are your big takeaways for today and tell us how we can find you and ask questions. Well I mean I guess the big thing is a strength training warmed in a controlled and supervised environment can help children and adolescents of all athletic abilities to safely improve and strengthen their overall health and well-being. So the health benefits of strength training are going to far outweigh the potential risks if if done in this specific type of controlled environment. Especially when you look at today's society where you know childhood obesity continues to rise. So I think there's a lot of great benefits. OPPT model of course because it is systematic progressive and research I think it's easy to get the buy-ins from the coaches as well as the parents. And you know I think the big thing too is training you know these individuals that come in to you is have fun with it. Don't overcomplicate it on their end. Just make sure that it makes sense on your end. And then you know just continue to reassess and make sure that they're progressing along the way that they should. And then of course you can be by email at Wendy Dotsett and ASSorg and my am is Wendy Badz 13. Okay, thank you. Thank you again Wendy and Marty. This very fun and as always educational thanks to Greg for keeping it together. And thank you for everyone who joined us today and everyone who will watch this later. Everyone have a great afternoon. I safe and we will see you soon.

=== FILE: CPT Basics Power Phase [tXwr09DqpMo].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and why this is Prentice and I'm here again with some familiar faces, Wendy bats and Marty Miller. How are you all doing today? Great. Thank you. All right. So today we are going to talk about, we're going to talk about the CPT but specifically the power phase and why this is, why this phase is important for every athlete every athlete you have. At some point in their lives when we're, when we're taking them through the OBT model in your daily lives, you're going to have opportunities to express your strength and power. And it's not all the times tied to an athletic endeavor. So I will let these two experts take it away So first of all, Marty, can you talk about the power phase and why I alluded to it a couple of seconds ago, but why is power important for everybody from your kids all the way up to your grandparents? Sure. The way I say it, and this is my definition, but I say everyone's an athlete. And the reason I say that is I've had the privilege of working with the lead athletes and I've had the privilege of working with everyday fitness enthusiasts and I really don't train them any differently. What I mean by that is everyone has the same human capacities. It's what's their ability within those capacities. So just because someone is competitive doesn't mean that they train in different capacities than somebody's mom or my teenage boys or anything like that, it's just someone's ability. They never be near somebody else's ability within a capacity, but doesn't mean we ignore the capacity. And I think that happens a lot with strength training and power training for non-athletes on the reverse. I think some people forget how important stability and balance is for our competitive athletes. So that's why the OPPT models such a beautiful continuum because it's for everybody. As you learn it, you'll figure out where they fit within each phase and what they're capable of, but we want everyone to go through some level of training through all the phases, especially if we're going to start in the stabilization, but we want everyone to go through some level of strength and power. And the reason it's important is for athletes it's clear and obvious, right? They all want the bigger. You know, Wendy and I always say we're going to give you the better breaks first and the better suspension before we give it the bigger engine. But a lot of my fitness enthusiasts just want general fitness. They think that they can avoid that because they don't understand the need. Well, the need coming to a lot of different ways is if I can get you to move more load after I make you move efficiently, you're going to burn more calories. You might increase your bone density. Whatever that goal you may have on the flip side, if I can eventually get you to move a little more quick and develop power, you're going to again get fitter. You're going to burn more calories. You're going to be able to challenge your heart rate system differently. And then there's a carryover to everyday life. You know, we step off a curb and you have to quickly grab your balance. You don't have time to think about it. So there's, you know, there's the performance side from what I want to do in a gym or in a competitive realm whether it's tennis or golf. And then there's the real life power development or strength when I have to face some new activity that maybe wasn't planned accordingly. You know, especially with power re- you know, catch my balance and react quicker than I may have thought. So it's important for everybody. And I want to go back to you, you said something very important. And I want to make sure that if you learn if anyone out there listening learns nothing else that they get this point. And you said that everybody, you train everybody like an athlete and that's something that I've always done in my career. But sometimes people are afraid of taking up that that moniker because they feel that that being an athlete looks sort of like a rocky, rocky training montage. And I know you're a martial arts fan. You may have seen those movies in the 80s and 90s like the the John Claude, no retreat, no surrender training montage. So can you explain what exactly it is to be an athlete? Go back to that and just expand on that a little more. Sure. Well, when we're when I'm training my people who don't consider themselves an athlete and will we'll talk about maybe how they can develop themselves to more that athlete mindset. This goes back to one of my clients. I remember the minute that I actually used that term for the first time that I can recall. I was just getting done with professional baseball where I was training and he said, buddy, how do you train us differently now that you're here in a private club? Then when you train your lead athletes and I was like, my don't. And I think he thought I was being nice at first because it's a private club. He's the member they own the club. And he goes no no seriously. I said, Jay, there's no difference. You have the same bones, same muscles moving the same planes of motion. You need stability. You need strength. You need power. I'm not going to train you differently in my approach. Your ability is going to be different. Just like my abilities compared to the lead athletes. I'm not going to produce as much power as an amygomers as much strength as the world class athletes. But that doesn't mean I don't use the same training principles within what makes sense for me. When you've been talking about this since we started these webinars, it's all going to be in a relative sense, right? So not everyone needs to do plyometrics. Not everyone needs to do max strength training. But that doesn't mean there aren't bits and pieces of each one of those phases that are moving them through a logical progression that they're ready to go to the next step and you use your tools accordingly, right? Like maybe someone never leaves the ground, but maybe they do speed squats. Maybe some, you know, there's agility works, speed agility, quickness drills they can do. And then what you'll find though is as they start to feel comfortable because they had like what you're saying in front of. They had their mindset going, oh my god, I've watched these, you know, fitness competitions and I've watched world class athletes train at scares me, realize that they are an athlete and that they do need to improve. And I've explained to them the why, right? Because we always want people to be have ownership and what they're doing. All of the sudden you'd be stunned. How all of a sudden now they want to experience a little more. It's going to be safe, of course. But you know, I've done workouts in like Francisco said, I might not put in the boxing that day. And they're like, we're not boxing today. Because now they've enjoyed that new activity. And they, they feel proud about it. And they get a different fitness experience than maybe would have used to in other more traditional workouts. So it all it does, it comes down through know the model, know your progressions, know when it's time to progress and know what your good at teaching, right? If you're not good at teaching field duty quick, you don't put that in yet. If you're not somebody that knows how to teach striking, you know, you maybe don't add that. And we all have our tools that we're better at. It's just knowing how to develop your own toolbox. So you can train more athletes, whether they're professional or recreational. Yeah, I'm going to ask you the same, the same question, Wendy. But before I do that, and I just want people to understand that that an art producer in the background there could probably a test of this, that there are even in the NBA, some, some athletes, professional athlete to have trouble jumping over a piece of paper. But they are incredibly highly skilled at that sport. And I think that's what the one of the biggest differences is between the, between the the run of the mill general population athlete and the professional athlete. And I want to kick this to you Wendy, how do you make that connection with your clients that they are in fact athletes? Well, I mean, you know, again, when you tell someone that they're an athlete, their inner kid comes out, so they get super excited when you say that, you know, and then if they say, oh, I'm far from an athlete, I'm like, well, are you really, you know, so, so let's just try some of these, you know, exercises and see what you think. Let's see how you do because again, I wouldn't put them in phase five if there was any chance of injury. Obviously, they had progressed to that and they're ready for those types of exercises. And the superset that we would put them in through the on the resistant side. So, you know, if they don't like that term, you know, let's say you have someone that's like, oh, I don't like sports and whatever, I may not call them an athlete because that might not be there. That might not be something too exciting, but I tell everyone that they need to train for the speed of life. And so basically, you know, that, you know, even though they are, they, they should have an inner athlete. I mean, I want to make sure that they can safely cross the street fast if it's turning yellow or if they want to start going outside and playing with their kids and, and, and, you know, just doing fun things, you know, phase five is it's so fun. It is, it's, it's a good workout. You burn a ton of calories, but, you know, if you were having a stressful day, going and doing med ball slams, how fantastic is that. So, there's a lot of carryover that I think, you know, as a trainer, however you approach it, you know, you just have to kind of feel them out first. And that's why the building the report away in the beginning is so important because then you kind of know how to speak to the different phases that you're taking them through. So, so, again, you know, as Marty said, even if it's someone that's never, you know, done sports because they're not coordinated or they've never had the experience of doing fun things, you know, you're introducing them to, you know, to different types of exercises that they may really, really enjoy and then they're going to always want to come back to it. I'll stand and thank you both for indulging me on that little, uh, detour, but let's get back into it. So, now, we're, we're going to talk about flexibility in phase five training. And Marty, what are we, what are we doing in phase five flexibility training? Well, building off the progression we've made the other two phases. Now what we're going to do is we know that the workout's going to be more intense from a central nervous system standpoint. So, we're still going to, of course, do our foam rolling, get the tissue prepared. We've gone over a lot of the scientific benefits that. But then we go into dynamic stretching. And again, think of it on a progression. Dynamic, you know, does it mean my first set of stretches have to be at the fast speed that I can do, let's say whatever that dynamic stretch is like prisoner squats, right? So, again, that can still be on a continuum. But the goal is now we foam roll, get the muscles prepared, and now we start to move more like we're going to, as Wendy said, the speed of real life or the or the workload that we're going to do and, you know, the intensity that we're doing in the body, the exercise program. So, you know, I've had this a lot when I teach live workshops and people are like, oh, it's too fast right away. I'm like, well, what's wrong with two to three sets of prisoner squats? And first one is give me 40%. Second set, give me 60%. Third set, give me 80%. And you're still building through that continuum and you're really honing in on those movement patterns. And it's as fast as you can control. It's not as fast as you can go. So, going back to that athlete, I promise you, if you put me an actual world class athlete, their dynamic is going to be much faster than mine. But that is still dynamic for me. And three weeks later, my dynamic stretching and whatever I'm doing should look more dynamic did three weeks previously. So, it's always going to be on a continuum of what's appropriate for that individual, any of the things we put them in or within that phase. Okay, and can you talk to me, I want to get back to a few days before I do, let's talk about the variables. What are the variables? What's going on in flexibility training at in phase five? The variables from the formula. Yeah. Formal length stays the same. So, the beautiful thing about it is all three phases. You're going to form all the same way. You're going to, depending on how much time you have, you're going to search through the body of the muscles that you're definitely going to hit in the workout. We've talked about whether you want to do an upper body lower body split or total body. But techniques stay the same. With the dynamic now, what we're looking to do is start to increase the ability for the central nervous system to control those motions, those movement patterns. So, what we're doing is let's say, let's do a push-up with rotation, for example, that's a great dynamic warm-up. So, we're going through it an even tempo. It's not fast and explosive yet to where you can't hold your form in technique, but it's more of a repetitive motion to where you're moving at a consistent speed. But the key thing is when does I'll tell you is your five kinetic chain check points better be in. If all of a sudden we're starting to do this push-up with rotation and we see their head dropping or their low back arching. We're going to have to cue that out or go back to a regression. Maybe they just do more of a speed push-up, right? So, we still have to keep our five kinetic chain check points in, but the tempo is going to be more quickly, but very deliberate to what they can control. And you usually stick between 10 or 12 repetitions per dynamic stretch. Okay, do you mind if I give you a scenario? Because I've had this question asked me, let's say you're working with someone in Wendy's laughing. Don't worry, I have one for you too Wendy. So, let's say you're working with one of your athletes in phase five. And for whatever reason, they had incomplete, maybe they had competition, incomplete recovery, whatever life stress, whatever those circumstances are, and they're coming in a little slow. Maybe they're not quite prepared to something dynamic right away. Do you still use more of, do you regret them? Doing some doing a little static active to get them warmed up or do you, how do you manage that? Yeah, we'll go through two scenarios. And a perfect world scenario, as we've talked on the last couple of webinars is the way we write the book is to make sure that you know exactly that phase, as you're going through things the first time. But when you see any one of the three of us use it, we'll add our own sprinkle to it. So, I generally will still do the phone rolling always. I think then a lot of times I'll do one or two static of muscles that just tend to still be somewhat tight on everybody, especially if I know they just drove 25 or 30 minutes, you know, and if they're wearing shoes all day or high heels, male, female, I'm probably going to do some static on the hip flexors and then static on the calves, etc. Then I go through active to let that, obviously I want to get the opposite muscle group now to fire so that way they can control that new range of motion and then I'll go into the dynamic. We write it in the book in a very clean, cut way so we can assess your knowledge on power, but that doesn't mean you can't use that continual. So, yes, I will do it that way, but another point to what question brought up is how do I adjust? So, I view my program design like Google Maps. You put in your starting point, you put in your endpoint and then everything else has filled in. Well, we've all been driving, using Google Maps, all of a sudden it says, hey, take a detour because something changed. Well, that goes to our program design too. If somebody comes in and they're jet lagged or they didn't sleep that night or they missed a couple of meals, I may not even put them to that power workout, right? I may have to regret. So, what you're telling me is part of the process where I'll say, okay, maybe they need a little more in the warm-up. They might need more time to mentally get prepared to focus on their form techniques so I'm going to go back and get them through the static to active, but if I'm still seeing things go all right, I might go right back and change the phase of training. I'm in that day too. So, just because it says power on the clipboard doesn't mean that I stick to that because life happens and just like, you know, when I'm doing any other phase, if they're having a great day, I might give them an extra repertoire. So, I'm always willing to adjust by what I'm seeing, which is still another form of assessment. Yeah, exactly. And that is that is a very important point for everyone who's listening from CES through phases one through five and even into some of the piece of training protocols. You're still not saying you're still listening to me saying, going and just as Marty's saying, the training that you have in the notebook may not be the training they need to work that day. So, you have to be prepared to reroute. Especially with her face, say that, if somebody's doing what they're just not just stable, it's like I can keep it safe. But if you can tell that they're not there on a power day or a max strength day, those aren't the days to just push through necessarily because you have a higher chance of something going wrong, you know, and that's where our job is to keep them healthy. So, I'm always willing to adjust at any point in time. Yeah, and definitely when training becomes more of the art than the science. So, now Wendy, you've been sitting there, you've been sitting there, you've been nodding in it. So, I'm not really ignoring you at all. But let's talk about what's happening with core balance and bio during your space. So, we're taking the core and lower extremity stability and the reactive strength that we've developed in phases one through four. And now we're using that as a foundation to work on rapidly controlling forces, essentially, and then rapidly producing force, concentricly through the core during the sin during the single leg activities that we're doing. So, when we think about core, core work would be doing many of the same movements that you just did in the strength, but you're doing them faster. So, for example, instead of doing a cable chop, and now it'd be doing maybe something like a wood chop throw with a med ball. When we think about balance, balance working phase five is typically going to involve hopping exercises or similar, you know, with, but this time you're hopping and then holding that to work on eccentric force reduction, and then the isometric control at a faster speed while on a single leg. So, for example, a multi-planar hop to a stabilization hold or traveling hops to a stabilization hold. And this is also, you know, when you're actually learning the model where people get kind of confused, because in balance, when you're looking at it, it says hop to a stabilization hold. So, when people hear the word stabilization, they automatically go to the, the plyo part of the stable is holding one. So, one thing to think about is, again, if you're new to this, and balance and phase one, there's no movement of the stance leg, then we add eccentric and eccentric motion of the stance legs, so something like a single leg squat. And then now we're still on one leg and we're adding the hop, and it's an explosive hop, and then do you own it? So, that's why that landing is so important. And so, plyo, when we're talking about plyos, the work in phase five is going to involve clients performing jumping, some out, now we're on two legs, but the jumping type movement with appropriate accepted drills done as quickly as they can control to really exploit this stretch shortening cycle, which is going to improve how they rapidly produce force later on. So, beginning of the core and the balance and the plyo exercises in this phase are similar to what you could do in the resistance training portion of your program. You can't omit these components in a session, however, I recommend and I think any of them does as well, doing some sort of core balance and plyo work as part of the movement prep sequence. And with that being said, they don't have to be power focused as Marty was saying, but instead they could be exercises that are more stable, like stabilization or strength focused to help prepare and get primed the body to what's going to happen later work out. So, that's kind of a short and skinny of the phase five of what they are. Yes, now can you talk to us just go back over and talk to us about the the variables for what's happening in core imbalance and I have a special question for you as well. Can you be prepared? Fantastic. So, when you're thinking about sets, it will be two to three sets. You're going to also see the rep ranges are going to be eight to 12 across the board. The tempo and core is going to be as fast as they can control. So, as fast as possible, but obviously looking at the form, the five-connected change-check points and making sure that they own the movement. You know, the rest is anywhere from zero to 60 seconds. And again, it's optional. However, I think we've kind of talked about the importance of preparing the body. Same thing with balance, it's going to be eight to 12 repetitions. You're going to be doing, you know, saying two to three sets. But this time remember when you're thinking about the landing, you're hopping and then holding that three to five seconds before repeat. And and also, you know, keep in mind, multi-planar hops are very, very important because of the different types of cutting and different types of those things you could be doing in the program. So, so we definitely want to, you know, incorporate those into your program. And the rest again is zero to 60 seconds. And then when you're thinking about the plyo component, it's the same thing. Two, three sets, eight to 12 reps. As fast as they can control. And then, you know, if you're going to have them rest, it would be zero to 60 as well. Okay. And here's my special question for you. You brought up two very important points. The concept of speed and the concept of control. And I'm sure you and I all three of us have seen in the gym. People doing plyo type exercises, plyo type. And they're just jumping incredibly long distances, lacking control on the landing, not having the ability to control, control their landing to set up for the next movement. Talk a little bit about control and how you monitor the range in which they're hopping. Oh, well, so, I mean, again, you know, I've connected change checkpoints is still something that we're following throughout all of the phases that they're in. So, if you see that, you know, somebody doesn't land like, so we always say in the very beginning, you know, to land on the reactive foot. And people think that that means just the ball of the foot. Well, actually, you know, it's behind the ball of the foot in front of the arch. So, if you were to take your tennis shoe and bend it, where it bends is basically where you want that client to land, to truly be able to land, absorb the force and the concentrically explode. And what we're trying to work on is we're trying to reduce what they call the amirization phase, which is the time spent on the ground. And so, if we can teach someone how to land and that they're landing appropriately, they're going to be more explosive when they take off for the next rep. So, if you see somebody that, you know, when they jump, they're landing mechanics aren't correct. They're starting to turn a foot out or something's not right. Then you want to decrease the distance that they're going, or maybe even have to regress it to something that you're doing in the frontal plane and they don't really understand that yet. You're going to have to take two steps back, reading their body on how to land appropriately, maybe work back in the sagittal plane until they can start to excel in the frontal and transverse planes. Because as you know, those are more difficult because people don't usually train in those planes. So, I don't know if the answer to your question, but that answers that answers it perfectly. And it's important for everyone listening to get the point of, we're talking about control, even though we're moving fast, we're moving within ranges and distances that we can control. You answer it perfectly. And because of that answer, I'm going to give you a question from one of our viewers. This is Hugo and it's this last name looks like Falcom, like it's a Portuguese name, Baltari. So, when he's asking, or his statement is, when you notice, one of those five kinetic chain checkpoints are failing in the dynamic warm-up. He's asking, what do you do in the next session or in the next week? Well, I mean, I think you want to take, like going back to what we said. So, you know, the purpose of dynamic warm-up is basically doing an exercise through the full available range of motion. I mean, that's the definition of what we're looking at when we're talking about dynamic flexibility or dynamic exercises for your warm-up. So, if somebody doesn't have, you know, the right range of motion or you see something, then it's okay to go back and stop that dynamic exercise, go maybe into some static stretches and then repeat it and see if it cleaned up at all. And if it, you know, because again, if I'm starting to see that client breakdown, I'm not going to want them to do the most explosive exercises right there because again, that can lead to injury. I mean, we're trying to put them in the best case scenario. So, you know, if you notice that they're not there, maybe kind of regress them, try to work on range of motion by statically stretching, then doing some active and safe it cleaned up. And then if not, maybe that, that workout needs to be regressed for the day. And then you go back into stabilization, try to refire some of those muscles that may not be working correctly in order to maximize and, and, you know, do the exercise successful. Because if they're not doing well in the dynamic, you know that that's going to transfer into the workout and it could, could actually lead to more issues and cause more harm than good. Okay, perfect. Now, Marty, back to you. So, now that we're getting into resistance training, now that we're getting into resistance training, can you go over the, uh, the loading parameters? Can you discuss the supersets again? I know we've touched on it in previous webinars, but talk about what's happening? Uh, nervous system with those supersets and talk about the acute variables. Yeah. So, once you get through the warm-up, it is when you discuss, when you get into the body, the resistance training, we're doing a superset. And there's a scientific rationale behind that. So, when you look at force production, you want to get as much strength going and as at the ice speed possible. So, when you break that down from a muscle fiber type is, we've got our muscle, our take two fiber types. Well, rarely in life, do we ever fire all of our muscle fibers? Yeah. And when now just for clarity sake, it's all learn on principle. If a muscle fiber fire is a fire is completely, but the percentage of muscle fibers that would fire in a movement pattern, generally, you're rarely ever going to be at 100%. Unless you pick up extremely heavy loads. So, as I go to pick up this can of club soda, very few muscle fibers are going to fire. Whatever do fire fire completely. So, what the goal is, mind the superset, is that first exercise, a traditional strength exercise is between that one to five, six repetitions to bring every muscle fiber to the party in a way. So, then when you go immediately, it's quick as possible to a movement pattern that mimics the strength exercise you just did. Now, when you move explosively, the majority of those muscle fibers are ready to help produce that power component where you're moving explosively. So, easy. We'll talk about chest. I do a heavy dumbbell or barbell chest press, one to five, six repetitions. And I should be fatiguing right at that five or six mark, right, or whatever. If I can do eight or ten or twelve, even if I stop at five or six, I'm not really getting that full excitation of the majority of my muscle fibers. Then I go grab a medicine ball and I would throw it against the rebound or a wall or to a partner is the explosives I can between eight to ten reps approximately. And it shouldn't be more than ten to 20% of your body weight. Because you really want to elicit explosive movement. Sometimes people you have a of an object for that power and now they're not getting the muscles to move explosively. So, that's what I we pair those together. So, it's the strength first to wake up all the muscle fibers possible, immediately filed by something fast and explosive at the same movement pattern. So, now you've trained a central nervous system to move explosively once you've got everything excited. Okay, now you've touched on explosiveness. So, if I'm in the gym and training my training my client, we've done a heavy set of squats. Then we start doing squat jumps and I've noticed the power, the speed of those jumps start to drop off. All of the kinetic chain checkpoints are still in alignment, but I'm noticing the speed drop off. What do I do? A couple of things. One, did you progress into the power phase two quickly? All right. So, they might have been okay the first set. Maybe they're just not ready for this phase of training yet. Two, how many sets have you done? Have you gone past? You know, maybe they're only ready for two sets right now. Maybe they're not ready for that third or fourth set, which is usually the cap because there's that work to rest ratio and there's also, you know, volume verse intensity. So, just because it's my first or second time in this phase doesn't mean I have to complete four sets. Maybe one or two is appropriate because I build into this phase. Or maybe I just put too much weight on the bar for the strength component. You know, maybe two repetitions was too much, which is gas to my knee to lighten up a little bit. Let them get five or six repetitions. Again, it's an assessment. I have to decide, you know, what's going on? Or did I pick a power exercise that's too challenging, right? Maybe instead of doing jump squats, I might just do speed squats, not let them leave the ground yet. So, all of these things again, it always goes back to the micro progressions and regressions that we all know. It's, I have to know seven different versions of each exercise in a sense, right? Because I don't want to take big steps back, I want to take just a small enough step back to find what's perfect or move forward just a micro progression and not go to an exercise that's way, you know, from A to Z. I want to be able to know all those little progressions in and out. So, I know that's not a very direct answer, but we use it on that continual move. I mean, that's how many reps is the volume getting too much? Is the intensity too much of them? Or did I just pick an exercise that's too challenging for that secondary exercise? And, is there something I can give them that now I get to see the speed that I'm looking for? That's ideal for that person. Thanks. You have thanks for that explanation, Marty. And then that just gets back. If I can summarize what you said, that's the art of that's the art of training. You're building a rapport with your client. You are a session. You should be a session. Your client in every session, not necessarily directly. And you have to understand the progression and the regressions that are going to give you the response that you're looking for. So that was perfect. And the way I always say the science of training is the easiest part to teach, because it doesn't change. Right? Once you know the science, that is that's what cookbook that's it just doesn't change. The art of training, taking in, you know, each person, your environment, what tools you have, what, you know, what's going on around in the gym around you, what the client likes doesn't like, you know, they're rest and are they doing their homework, communication style, that's the art of it. But we don't want to leave the science behind. No, they work together. They definitely work together. Now, want to go back to some commonly asked questions that we've gotten. And you touched on this. Both of you've touched on these already. So I'm going to ask you. I'm going to change our questions around a little bit and ask you something a little different. They're on your curve all windy. So we've already established that everyone should be doing phase five, phase five training at some level. It's not just we have to train for the speed of life. And so we know that that's important. How do you make the case to someone, someone who thinks they're going to get bulky, you know, someone who doesn't want to be, who doesn't want to be a meathead, meathead like me, I'm really big in my own mind. So they don't know one wants to be like me. But how do you make that case to get your clients excited about doing training like this? I mean, I think we need to keep in mind of things. So I mean, as we age, you know, or become less active and more deconditioned, we lose the ability to generate muscular power. So, however, you know, the ability to generate, you know, and also, eccentrically control forces, quickly is critical to be able to respond to the speed of life. So if you think about losing your balance and catching yourself before you fall or, you know, or, you know, this can compromise your joints if you're not careful. So yes, I mean, at some level, everyone should do phase five. And, you know, we want to keep in mind the relative abilities of the client at all times. So in phase five, we're training and conditioning the client to be able to move faster than they're used to moving in order to level up their ability to produce power. So for more advanced clients, you might be using weighted med balls for the power exercise, whereas less capable clients, you may use none or very light weighted balls. You know, so another aspect of phase five that most of our clients appreciate is that it's fun. And so being able to throw and slam stuff around and, you know, and get after it a little bit can be just what they want, you know, or need to blow off stress and steam, especially those last few weeks. So so I don't think that, you know, my clients come in and think that I'm going to try to like blow them up to be as big as possible. But, you know, we're going to say today, we're going to, you know, we're going to throw some stuff around. It's going to be a super hard day, but you're going to have a really good time. I think again, it comes back to the art of training and your approach to these type of programs, because the outcome is what everybody needs. They have to be able to move faster as certain parts of their life and you train, you know, you get what you train for. So we always want to keep that in mind that if you never train fast, you're never going to be able to move fast or just quickly in different certain situations without maybe increasing chances of injury. Thank you for that. Thank you for that explanation. And I want to add a little bit a little bit onto that for the trainers out there and everything that Wendy said was brilliant, but for trainers, that goes back to the art that Marty was talking about. And you have to have a little negotiation skill. You have to be able to sell the story of why this is important. I still train with seniors, train with seniors once in a while. And just as an idea, we talked about doing this phase five training, but they automatically have visions in their head of guys from Iceland with all continents in their names. And they were going to be lifting those sorts of crazy loans. But once once I got my my guy have to understand that no, your five rep is just a push-up on the floor. That's what you can handle. And you're going to throw a five pound med ball at me. That's it. That's all it is. And then once we had that connection and we managed those expectations, as like what was that all? I can't. That's all. That's all it is. It's relative to you. Not relative to the 468, 400 pound guy. So there's something in what I want everyone to get out of this is there's something in it for everyone. You just have to know how to sell that and tell a story. Tell a non-fictional story to your mind to get them to buy into it. Marty, this next question is for you. Now you work with you, work with athletes in the past, but I know you have as well Wendy. Work with the martial artist guy, wrestler, boxer, who's in a weight class. And it says we need to do one to five repetitions in phase five. You can't build size. You don't want to I'm doing my airports there. Lift yourself into the next weight class. How do you explain how do you get them to do phase five first of all and how do you explain that to them? Absolutely. It's a great question. So a couple of different points. First we're going to go by science, not gym science. So if one to five reps was the way to get bigger, that's what we would have in high-perchemy training. Science doesn't show that one to five reps is the best way to get bigger. Not saying that there's some people can just lift any type of weight and they just have unbelievable genetics. Okay, that there are those type of people. But one to five reps is the way to get stronger. That's why we have it as a max strength. High-perchemy is that H12 was shorter rest intervals and you get the cellular change. Also, let's remember when you're looking at high-perchemy, you have to have a very focused nutrition program. You have to be at a core positive at least 500 calories. Sometimes they'll back off their cardio. If you're doing mixed martial arts, you know, the front is both done. It's you know, to an added amateur, not a professional level, anything like that. But with the volume that they're doing from just their pure time in the dojo and the training center, they are burning so many calories that they'll be lucky to maintain their weight. Again, the one to five is perfect because your apprentice, I know you know a lot of your jutsu, I've experimented with it. When you got somebody holding you down, you better have the ability to exert some force or if you're trying to take somebody down, hold them down. So max strength and or the power phase where you do it with the superset is absolutely spot on for a part of training for combat athletes and you're not going to, and plus with all the cardio that they do, we know when I was in high school and I wrestled, we had more distance than the cross country team. So when you factor all that in, you know, there's it's going to be hard, not impossible, hard to gain weight. You just got a factor now. If you are one of those genetic freaks that as soon as you start lifting weight, you put on some muscle mass, watch your nutrition and just do the additional cardio. But by and large, it's not going to be the case or we'd have that formula in high virtue of being trained. Yeah. Yeah, and yeah, it'd be jacked now. But that's not the case. So I'm here to tell you that phase five is good for all of you, good for all of you regardless of your sport. And Wendy, this next one's for you and this gets into the flexibility of what we can use for our power exercise. And this question is, what are some alternatives to using a wall, a wall or a med ball? This person doesn't have a wall in their gym a safe for throwing and they want to be able to perform explosive exercises. So what are some options? Well, but when I think about the goal, so the goal intensity for power exercises is to start with body weight on the low exercises before adding load. So we don't have to worry about that. But if we're using a med ball like we're doing throws and passes, and you know, the recommended intensity is up to 10% of the body weight. So a lot of times people just immediately just go grab 10% of their body weight and start using that type of med ball. So remember it's up to, so start lighter. You know, but you know, we want people to be able to move quickly, you know, initially, so you can start to like 2 to 5% of the body weight is what I was suggest. If you don't have a wall, then do you have a partner? Because then, you know, as the trainer, if my client is in phase 5, it's my responsibility to be able to catch the ball and then pass it back to him as fast as possible. And that's why it's important to kind of go through these phases beforehand. So you see how quickly you have to be able to release the ball back. You know, if you don't have a wall that you can use, but you do have medists and balls, you know, you can do the med ball slams on the floor. You know, the body weight alternatives, so like the plyo pushups, you know, you can use the TRX straps or, you know, with the sled to do explosive type thing that, of course, the elastic resistance bands, you know, battle ropes, you know, so you've got to be creative in, you know, for your wheelhouse, uh, apprentice, I mean, speed strength exercises using things like a kettlebell. You could do certain things like that. So performing a kettlebell swing, right after you did the barbell deadlift, if you're working on hip thrusts or something like that. I mean, the thing is, you don't have to use a wall. I mean, if you have a cement wall and you can throw something back, obviously it's going to come back a lot faster, but, you know, as a trainer, it's very important to be ready when a client gets into that, into that particular phase, because you need to be the wall for them or you need to find out like another, you know, alternative, do they have a rebound or something like that. So, that's where creativity comes into play and see what you have and then what you can make work. Absolutely, and to your point, and this is a, you brought up the point, Wendy, the phase five is fun and then using creativity and one thing that I've done in the past is since we're, since we're always talking about chess, I definitely, I wrap my client hands, have them do something relatively heavy, and then we strike the pads for eight to ten rapid fire, rapid fire punches. Same thing, you don't need the wall just as long as you can catch punches in the midst. That's good. So, you, you have a ton of flexibility and you can also, and you can also work in some fun SAQ exercises that you normally wouldn't get your client to do, and it's all appropriate for phase five level of training to provide it that you stick to the acute variables and, and the speeds that are supposed to happen at each, for each exercise. So, Marty, next question for you, and for the person who asked this, this question is actually going to be answered tomorrow, or no, it won't be answered tomorrow. It'll be answered Monday in our webinar with Aleko, but our Olympic lifts are in phase five. It's a great question. So, definitely tune in. Rodney is a master at that. So, we have a whole other level of power training that we talk about, Max Power, and that's the PES. So, what I would say is, Olympic lifting is very technical. It is not the easiest thing to learn, nor is it the easiest thing to teach. Do not attempt to teach it or do it, just like anything else if you have not yet gone through it yourself, and or know the progressions and regressions. What I would encourage, though, is kettlebells are a great bridge to Olympic lifting. So, because you can do one arm swings, one arm snatches, and now you don't have the complexity of both arms going above their head. It's a little bit easier of what I would call an exit strategy if something goes bad. So, they're absolutely the time and place for Olympic lifting, but we do kind of put that a little more into our highest level of power, which is the PES. Now, I know there's a lot of people that do the sports competitions out there that include Olympic lifting. If I was, I'm just kind of giving, you know, I'm an athlete or trainer. My first job is to watch out for injuries and prevent injuries. Olympic lifting was designed with Olympic athletes, highly skilled, highly technical, athletes do things that aren't necessarily great for their body because they enjoy the sport. So, when you do Olympic liftings with the bar, there could be some compensations in your five kinetic chain checkpoints because of the nature of the sport. So, that's why we want it at the more elite level. They may not be for everybody. Also, when you look at Olympic lifting, it was not designed to be an endurance exercise. It was designed to be a one rep couple rep max thing. So, I see a lot of people now blending it into just high intensity workouts and people are doing 15, 20, 30 reps of these exercises. All I'm going to say is be careful because when fatigue sets in, form a technique goes and you need an exit strategy in case you get fatigue with something in a risky position. So, that's where when you see it in our model, it's in a very specific spot with progressions on proper human movement, proper teaching techniques, and then we're only doing it for the true amount of repetitions designed for Olympic lifting that one to five. You're not going to see us do it as an endurance type of exercise. So, I know that's kind of little off track of what you were asking, but you know, I know that comes up a lot in this high intensity realm. So, again, we have the model built the way of science. But I honestly like kettlebells a lot because I've been trained on them more. And to me, a little bit easier to teach and a little bit easier to modify because I can do the one arm burdens. But absolutely a place in time for it. No doubt about it. Yeah, it's definitely, it's definitely a skill that takes a lot of time and it's not something for, it's not necessarily something for every client, unless they absolutely enjoy it. But I'm going to take the opportunity now to do a shameless plug. It's will be on tomorrow at one p.m. Pacific. And we're going to go through a couple of case studies that show you how to use corrective exercise for your specific warm-up of in the context of Olympic weight lifting. And we're going to use some variations of derivatives of some of those Olympic lifts that you know and love for for the integration piece and our corrective exercise process. So, if you are around and available, take a look, take a look at that tomorrow at 1 p.m. And then again, on Monday, we're going to program Olympic weight lifting for all phases, all three levels of the OBT model. So, you want to listen to that. It's been fun creating that. And I think you all will enjoy it. So, and speaking of history, Wendy, this is going to give you a history question. So, once we talked about seven phases, seven phases previously, so this question is asking, why is there a phase six in PES and not CPT? But to go forward and understand where we are now, we have to go into a little bit of a history lesson. So, can we talk through the original seven phases without all of the acronyms? So, we think about the seven phases, which it originally was, again, we took out phase one of the seven and that is the corrective exercise specialist now. And again, I think we have emphasized the importance of the CES, and I know you don't want to call that, but the corrective exercise. We've talked about the importance of being able to utilize that in every one of the programs that we've done no matter what phase they're in. Because, again, even going back to what you were talking about with the Olympic lifting or anyone that did catch Rodney and Kyle's webinar that they did, the importance of being able to perform a good Olympic lift or even a high end athlete is full available range of motion to be able to produce whatever movement and outcome you want. So, because it was so complex and there was a lot of things to think about, they took that phase and took it out of the model of the seven phases and made it its own special like version because it is so important in order to get someone to move the way. So then, when you're looking at phases two through six, which is now the CpTs 1 through 5, these are the phases that we are using with most of the general population. So, as a fitness professional, when my clients come in, if I put them in phase one that we have it as today, which would then phase two in the seven, right? That is going to be a great starting point for someone that has moved before, but isn't still moving efficiently. And so that we can prepare them throughout the rest of the model. Now, when you were asking specifically about phase seven, which again, we've turned as the performance enhancement specialization. So, phase seven, I mean phase seven, or in this, if we look at just the PS, it's 1 through 6. We took that one off because Max powered training is more applicable for athletes or individuals looking to eat every last ounce of performance, potential out of their body, usually prior to some sort of competition. So, it's generally not very long phase either. So, what most individuals want to accomplish, phase five of what we have it as the CpT today is more adequate for developing functional power and more activities of daily living or the speed of life, that seems more appropriate for, you know, the general population, that's not a specific elite athlete. Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes perfect sense. And the way we, the way we're using it now, is important because sometimes we use trainers to think we may get stuck thinking in the box and we think of those seven phases as a starting point and a destination, or something like the CES, if you're using it to its full potential, you should be using at every, at in every phase of the model because all it is is creating the most specific unique warm-up that you can for that client in front of you. And so, one more question for you about phase six, Ramon Grampoff, in the Master's Track and Field Championships. So, you have in them doing some PES taking them out and having them doing some sled drags so that they can run the hundred. You know what, again, you know, doing explosive exercises fun at any in any age. You know, again, you know, people were saying if you have an elderly client or someone that's more senior population that they shouldn't be doing power exercises and that's not really the case. I mean, you know, in any of our programming that we do, let's even think about the essay Q-stuff. If you have, like, a 70 or 80-year-old person that has never done like the speed ladder, it's fun, you know, and it's, and again, it's moving as fast as they can control. So, no matter what level you're in, even if they're in the phase six, they could actually do like an explosive workout if you want. But remember what's explosive to me might be different than what's explosive to an 80-year-old and what's explosive to me could be less powerful than a 21-year-old. So, again, it's whatever you can control and as long as the end goal makes sense to their capability of move. And yeah, just as long as the end goal makes sense to their movement capabilities and their experience and they're able to recover from your training, go for it. Yeah. Go for it. Did I finish that sentence? You did. I didn't know I cut out. Sorry, but yeah, that's exactly where I was going. So, to end it up. Yeah, it's everyone's training for whatever it is that their end goal is to make sure it's done safely, effectively, and efficiently, and you should be golden. All right, great. And this last question is for you, Marty, and I think we've answered this, granted this a few different times over the course of this webinar, and it's surrounding, can you use a cable or a band, the explosive, the explosive portion of a workout, but we already know what that answer is, but what are some what are some creative exercises that you've used as that power part of the superset? You know, they should have trained me. Sure, again, it depends on the individual, right? So, it's all on that spectrum. So, you can use a band, the cable, if you want to think out to the cables, there has to be enough weight where the weight stack doesn't jump. So, I usually tend to go to bands, but just remember that if you're looking for true power at some point, you're supposed to not have to desalorate bands and suffer still better than not doing any, but there's going to be some level desaloration. So, again, it's, but it might be appropriate for that individual that might be all they're able to do. Creative ways, um, trying to think, I like using the pool. If you're going to come out of something that's not quite now again, I might do a whole power-based workout in the pool. You know, I'm not going from the gym into the pool and back into the pool. But I think that people, you know, can really maximize a pool workout. You know, and they have some really cool dumbbells out there now that I've seen, like that, you know, you can do your push as your presses rotations because you can really get explosive with it. And now you're in a non-weight-bearing position. So, even from a jumping standpoint, now there's a time where you still want to be able to land on the ground and take on any center-glowd. But don't forget about the pool is a, a, a bridge to for some people that maybe aren't ready to do anything, you know, where they're landing yet, but you still want them to develop speed. Or if you want to do some of those upper body things. So, get creative. Maybe you just do a whole session, like a power metabolic workout in the pool. Now, it's not following phase five, of course, with the superset. But, you know, when you touch on it, I do modify different levels of bodyweight exercises, the slams. I don't, I try not to be the wall that often from my clients day after day. Especially, you know, I've had the privilege to work as some elite athletes. We're 10% of the bodyweight is a 20 pound medicine ball flying at you quickly. So, you've got to be careful with your hands and things like that. But it's just, just like anything else, any other phase. If you're not doing it yourself, you're not going to learn it. And then you have to try to figure out how to master that phase for all type of client. Yeps out, outstanding. So, while we're, this is about all of the time we have for today. So, if any of you who are listening, we're still with us. If you have any questions, go ahead and send those in right now. And while we're waiting, Marty, do you have any parting words about what we talked about today and finish up with how people can find you? Absolutely. Just remember, everybody's an athlete, but it means you've got to get them to some level of phase five. And you might be surprised. Five might actually save someone from a serious injury. Imagine if somebody goes the fall and they don't have the ability to absorb power with their upper body. So, definitely don't ignore it. It's applicable for everybody. It's fun. It's when he said great from a cardiovascular standpoint. But you got to do it yourself first. You're your first client. And then to find me, my Instagram is Miller.Marty 72. And then my email for any SM is Marty. Miller at anySM.org. All right. Thanks, Marty. Thanks for hopping on. It's been a highly life cycle. And when be my friend, you have the last word. What are your takeaways? And how can we find you? And I think I'm going to back Marty on saying that you need to do it yourself first. Because I know the very first time I did it, I actually followed the book. And I grabbed 10% of my body weight, which I don't need to tell you what that is. And went to a wall after doing five repetitions and literally almost knocked myself out. Trying to catch the ball because it came flying back at me. And I could barely catch it. Just because I was spent. And again, you know, be creative, be smart in your programming. Maybe adjust the acute variables a little bit when you're first starting out or starting your clients out because it is very challenging. If you are doing, you know, like 85 to 100% of your one-ret max to start. So keep that in mind. And again, have fun with it. I love one of my favorite things I love doing. And Princess, I had you be my demo. As I love doing speed ladders on the hands, like in and out of boxes, as fast as they can, moving in different, you know, sagittal plane frontal plane, transverse plane, like have fun with it. Be creative. But again, watch the connecting checkpoints. Make sure that it's safe. And again, just creative. Be good. And then to find me, my Instagram is Wendy.Bats 13. My Twitter is Wendy Bats 13. And my email is Wendy.Bats at nasm.org. Okay, thank you. Wendy, thanks for hopping on today and sharing your knowledge with us. I thank both of you for this series. It's been very informative. And thank all of you who have stuck with us and are listening now. Have a great afternoon and be safe.

=== FILE: Can You Slow Aging with Exercise [2j9d2E5TDXY].txt ===

Thank you and welcome to the NASM CPT podcast and our Facebook live webcast. My name is Rick Ritchie and I want to welcome you and thank you for being here and I want to welcome special guests. These are friend of mine and we've known each other for coming close to 20 years that we've been working together in the fitness industry and he is the author of this here book, Smart Got a Copy. I'm not so, I'm how the science of exercise made simple. I do have it. I've got a nice little quote and a little written thing in here. It says, Rick and then next to it it says, Dr. Sorry. I try to give it to you when it was out there all that year. Yeah. It's been so cool to be on this business journey with you. Thanks for your friendship and congrats on all the success. Well deserved and I can certainly say that back at you my friend. Welcome Pete McCall. Thanks for being on with us. Well thank you. I really appreciate your inviting me and good to see you guys this morning. It's good to see you. Tell me a little bit about what's been going on with you since we last worked together. So not not see each other or spoken together. Since we last actually worked in the same business, the same job, the same role together at Town Sports International when we were doing educational content and delivery for that company. Oh, done. So that's actually what I like about that. It was cool about this is back then. So Rick and I used to teach the NSM CPT program as a two day format to live workshop. And Rick I believe you're still teaching that right. Yeah, yeah, we're doing it one day. Yeah, we're doing it. Okay. But so what we say. Yeah, it was one day I guess there's a one day format. You're right. And what we used to do is teach that internally for the people of the health club Town Sports International. I was in Washington Sports clubs and Rick was in New York Sports clubs. From there I went on to be calm. Well, I was doing my my master degree through CPT through the AASM program. And that's why I love about this Rick. I mean, back then you and I really were we really enjoyed what we were learning from an SM. And now you know so many years later to actually have the opportunity to really still be involved and still have an influence is just I think just really cool. You know, just shows that you got to kind of keep your eye on the prize. But I went from being a trainer to doing being a director of education for a couple of years. I went to go work for another personal training certification organization. We're a health trade a lot of their education programs. And for the last five to seven, you're about seven years now. I've been a freelance consultant where I've been writing. I've been doing education programs. I teach the online CPT program for an ASM and then I do content development for an ASM. I've been doing more and more writing blogs and helping out. I mean, I'm really that's what's a lot of fun with it. It's been able to really take the information that that I've learned and take the practical experience I've developed and really help a new generation of fitness professionals learn how to do the job. Well, you've been doing that for sure, man. It's been good. I love coming across articles that either you write or sometimes this is what I like. I'll be somebody who reach out to me for to be a subject matter expert quoted in an article and I'll open it up and read it. And there you are in the same article with me. And that has happened multiple times. Yeah, no, I love that too, man. That always brings a smile to my face when I find out that a reporter reached out to both of us and you know, little did they know. And what this is, but this is important. I think lesson right for people in the fitness industry and on Thursday I would be on a call with SCW and what's interesting is one of the people on the call with SCW is somebody I worked with more than 20 years ago. My first job in fitness was actually a health club sales membership sales person. And that is a really, that was not the right role for me. But Bill McBride and I were both sales guys at the same time with the same company. And now 23 years later, you know, he's doing it. He went to operational route and I went to education route. So the lesson of people is you never know we'll work with somebody again. You don't want to burn bridges as a friend of mine says the fitness industry family trees like a telephone pole. So you will, you know, our paths keep crossing over the years. And you just gotta be, you gotta keep that in mind that this is really a relatively small community. And you can either help a really good name for yourself or you can go the opposite route. But it's just one of those, it's one of those way, what things to think about in long term. Yeah, that is very true. And you know, it's nice to see some of the work that you've done. I get the chance to listen to your voice on the podcast all about fitness that you do. And you get to have some wonderful guests on there. And I was really, really jealous. And so then, and I said, let me start doing this with wonderful guests too. So now, now I get to follow in your footsteps on what you were doing. We're doing this as a webcast. And we're excited about the program excited about having you on. And one of the things that we talked about recently is some of the new stuff that you've been working on. And I believe that you talked about like aging, which I start to feel is more appropriate for me. Honestly, as I feel like in some ways I've been broken since I was in my early 20s, which is probably why I went deep into the corrected exercise route. But as I'm getting older and now, inching up into my mid 40s. And you know, some of those things have gone away and I've gotten some new things. And, and I see that continually happening. One of the interesting things is I've recently started doing some high-intensity interval training. And some of the things that I thought was going to be really painful and really injurious to me based off of my previous experience just exercising. Actually, don't bother me at all when I do high-intensity stuff. And I know you've been looking into aging. You've been looking into high-intensity interval training, metabolic conditioning. You have a chapter on metabolic conditioning and your your smart workouts book. Talk to me a little bit more about kind of that path. Like, what's sent you down that path? And then let's get into some of the science behind it. And what it is that you see in some of the things that you're writing about. I guess, and I absolutely, well, I actually just question first, Rick, and the problem with doing a podcast on my own is, is I can never turn off the interviewer. I can never take off the interviewer hat. But let me just, but I want, I'll use this to make a point. When you do the hit training, how long do you do the workout for? Like, how long is your hit workout? Uh, the actual workout itself is not that long. Maybe 30 minutes. You know, we do a warm-up prep. We go do a little cool down at the end. Generally go to a class and those classes are 55 minutes. But maybe 30, maybe a few minutes, a little bit less. Maybe sometimes a little bit more than 30 minutes. Well, and, well, because the thing is, I think where where a hit gets misapplied and for listeners or people listening in, I also do a lot of education. I'm like the global, right now, I guess if you want to use a title on the global master trainer for Stairmaster, for both, by work with both Stairmaster and Nautilus as well. And Stairmaster is, everything we've done with Stairmaster has been sending around high-intensity interval training. And when you look at the research on the hit, it really is has to do with intensity and not duration. So, especially as we get older, you don't need to do, you don't really need to do longer than a 15, 20 minute hit workout because as long as you're doing the appropriate intensity on the intervals, that's all you really need. And there's a tremendous amount of research. One of them was I like referring to is by Sean and colleagues that came out in 2018. And what they did, Rick, is they had three groups, they had a treadmill group, that ran 30 minutes, three times a week on a treadmill. They had another treadmill group that did a four minute tabata on the treadmill. And then they had a body weight group that did a four minute body weight circuit, four minute um, a body weight circuit, and then they had the control group. It was a 16-week study, so it's a little bit longer than normal study period than eight or 12 weeks like that. And for listeners, the study period is usually eight to ten or eight to 12 weeks to come inside with an academic semester. So, it does a relatively short time sample for us. But over 16 weeks what they found was the treadmill, the hit training on the treadmill got the best results. But the body weight interval training got the second best results. Better results than than the 30 minutes of continuous running on the treadmill. So, it was really interesting because what would you rather do run 90 minutes a week on a treadmill or do three four minute tabatas, so you do 12 minutes a week. And what they found, they measured like they measured weight loss, they measured a group of capacity, and they really they found that it was the intensity of the training on that cellular duration that had the outcome, that had the better outcomes. And when they look at that, they actually started looking, and one thing to keep in mind is before the 2000s, hit was used primarily only for a high level athletes for collegiate and professional level athletes. So, all the research up until the early 2000s was on athletes, you know, of high performing athletes. It's been since the early to mid 2000s when they've been looking at hit for just the average population. And what they're finding is that it's great for people that are finding chronic diseases, it's great for older adults. And it's really very effective, again, being mindful of working on intensity and not volume. So, meaning that one four minute tabata or one like six minute latter workout is also somebody really need to do in order to really get a good outcome with that. I like that. When you were talking about the tabata that that's kind of a key that starts to drive a lot of people or where it was one of the training styles that drove a lot of people towards the high intensity interval training, I had one of the reasons that it wasn't thought about as something to be applied is that there was an assumption and in a rightful assumption that there's not a correlation between anaerobic training and getting anaerobic effect. But we're starting to see that the lines are more blurred than that that anaerobic training can indeed support a robit capacity, but it doesn't actually work so well necessarily the other way around. What do you see on that? No, you're absolutely right and that's a great point because what, and that was what surprised, that was one of the things that Izumi Tabata's research found and they were working with speed skaters and they were looking for a way to how could they support the O2 robit capacity training for speed skaters and what they found was that the relatively short 22nd burst of really high intensity really helped improve a robit capacity and what they find is that one of the things it does is produces the end so you have free fatty acids and you have glycogen and when you do anaerobic training you produce the enzymes that break down glycogen more efficiently into ATP whereas if you're doing a robit training like working on free fatty acid oxidation you don't necessarily produce the same enzymes. So that's one of the things that that's one of the reasons why anaerobic high intensity and training can actually boost the robit capacity is the muscles become much more efficient in producing energy and also clearing metabolic waste. And that because that's the other thing is that if you're running steady state at 70-75% max heart rate or max VO2 you're not going to accumulate a tremendous amount of metabolic byproduct of hydrogen ions or like to gas it so the muscles don't become as efficient whereas if you're doing a really high intensity work interval and people tend to understand that that recovery interval is critical you need that recovery interval to kind of recycle the metabolic byproduct out and be able to go back right into the high intensity work interval again. So you're 100% right that the hit training can support a robit capacity in a robit endurance training but it's not necessarily opposite. The only thing that endurance steady state training will do is help with the little bit better recovery intervals on the hit. So that's one of the cool things and what they're finding is that with clients so where I apply this is at the end of a workout is doing only four to six minutes of okay here we're going to go we're going to do a tabata or do a five minute cycle of 30 on 30 off or 30 seconds really hard and then 30 seconds of active recovery. And that way what I like about that from a psychology standpoint is you can do 40-45 minutes of corrective type exercise that really isn't that intense but then if you do about four to six minutes of hit or really intense training the client feels like they you know the clients want to feel like they had a hard work out right I mean a lot of it is that psychology of a client comes to go oh man my trainers really tough but we know if they have the musco skeletal issues they really shouldn't be doing a lot of high volume high intensity training so being able to scale it and be able to do it in a right way really you know helps us work with the client and give them 35 40 minutes of that corrective that they need but then also give them about that five 10 minutes of just really hard you know but kicking for lack of a better term that the clients the other perceptions what they want. I love that I've got a couple of things to speak to on on this topic and one is that I was doing a preparation for high intensity interval training presentation and I was coming across this this it was a research study that was done in nursing homes and what they did is they pulled several people out in the nursing homes and they gave them high intensity interval training exercises now these are also populations who we look at in the past and we would go why would you ever never would you write and so what they found were some really incredible results unfortunately and I'm kind of digging through my notes as we're talking to to get the study in the author but what they found was a couple of things that they really exceeded the benefits that that the other folks got where they were doing these kind of traditional aerobic style exercises but it was the qualitative feedback that I thought was so incredibly interesting and the quality of feedback were that the people actually enjoyed the high intensity interval training more than the people who were getting on the treadmill or doing the aerobic style exercises and listen I know it's different strokes for different folks but here you are having a sedentary population people who may not have ever really done any type of exercise like this at all and they're getting their butts kicked relative let's let's make sure we understand that right like so without getting their butts handed to them and they enjoyed it more and that spoke volumes because if anything speaks to me it's getting people to like doing exercise and if you can both like it and get more out of it then that's a one-two punch well no you're absolutely right Rick is what they found there's also been studies that have looked at that ask people do you like how how comfortable is it to do high intensity and or do hit style training and there's been some research suggests that people like that it's like they would rather know they got to work really hard for 10 or 12 minutes than to work for an hour so they'd rather get in work hard get it done with and move on but to really really quick to follow up we asked me about aging so right now I'm working on my second book that I'm calling Agile Sentensity and that's where this is kind of there's this going is a number of years ago I realized you know when I was doing working on it was actually working on a workshop for Metabol conditioning and a lot of this high-intensity interval training and high-intensity Metabol conditioning strength and power training produces anaerobic hormones or anaerobic anaerobic hormones growth hormone to testosterone and insulin growth factors these are all the hormones that build and there's been some really cool studies of people in their 60s and 70s and found out that not only does this type of exercise really improve their fitness level but it can change their endocrine profile and actually elevate T levels and elevate GH levels as people get older and so that's what my next book on is really pouring through that research and saying okay if you're in your 40s like us I'm probably 48th this year and you're in your 50s and you've been exercising for the last 30 years you're not relegated to chair robex because that's what we've been doing for the last 20 years right for older adults okay you're over 60 let's put you in this chair that's give you some paper plates that's this give you a balloon you know but think about it you know the fitness our modern era the fitness industry started in the 70s if you're 25 years old in 1975 you know now you're you're 70 years old you know if you're 25 years old in 1975 when fitness really started booming and you start you've been working out since 1975 you're you're going to have a much different ability to do a hard rate of work than a centering individual and there's great research by ballstate university again in 2018 a lot of cool stuff came out in 2018 either that or I was having fun with stuff but what ballstate did is ballstate went and they got a group of 70 year olds have been doing endurance activities during entire life they got a group of 70 year olds have been working out their entire life like casual recreationally exercise then they got a group of 70 year olds that were they did nothing that was a control group and then they had a group of 20 somethings and what they found are the two 70 year old groups of an exercising for 50 years had the same kind of muscle biopsies as people in their 20s meaning that the same anaerobic that the same anaerobic enzymes they had most of the much better capital capital area density so getting capital areas where you get the tissue change in the oxygen so literally what that that research showed was that if you exercise regularly and you maintain consistency you can literally freeze your muscle tissue in time so if you start working out 25-30 years old and you be consistent throughout the aging process you are going to lose some muscle mass that that's going to happen naturally we produce different hormones and different things happen in the body but over the over the long course of time you maintain your car it's like buying a 1965 Mustang and you have two options you can throw that 65 Mustang in your backyard and what's going to happen to it it's going to fall apart right or if you keep that 65 Mustang in a garage you change your oil you change the tire you change the bill you drive it regularly that 65 Mustang could be good as new you know 55 years later and that's really what we're seeing with the human body is you've got to stress the human body to some degree with high intensity training in order for the systems to operate at an optimal level and that's really and now that we're coming on to you know people are generation generation generation and that's the other thing to Rick is we're generation X right I still like going out on my mountain bike I still like being active you know I yeah I don't want to slow down you know I got to be mindful of my favorite activities but you know people I know I know guys who are 50 over 50 years old and they still ride a half pipe so they're still popping six foot airs on on half pipes I don't know if you remember the name Matt Hoffman and Tony Hawk you know those guys are still if you follow their Instagram feeds Matt Hoffman is like 51 52 years old and he's still popping 10 12 foot airs on a bike Tony Hawk is still shredding ramp and it's McCoy these are all guys that were like the original X game stars in the 90s and they're now in their 50s and they're still riding hard they're still doing their thing so that's really what I wanted to do is to understand the science of of how we can maintain our favorite activities we can't do anything to stop the aging process that that we can't stop right but what we can do is use and exercise and use in the right way in order to kind of freeze how time affects our bodies or try to allow us to maintain our fitness level throughout the aging process. I want to add to that story we had a guy that used to be at the YMCA where my mom and dad were members of and Florence Alabama and his name was Mr. Pig PIGG. That's never me Mr. Pig he is 99 years old and when they asked him he started working out my dad sent me an article in the in the paper about him and I read about him and he has been working out every day pretty much since his wife died when they were in their 70s and in the in the article the the journalist asked the question do you think exercise is what is allowed you to live this long and he said I can't answer that I don't know if it's allowed me to live this long but it has allowed me to live this well and that was a profound statement well and that's just it right is exercise what they're funny is especially higher intensity exercise it will help boost it helps boost the hormones that build muscle but it also elevates something called the NF brain derived neurotrophic factor and that's a protein that literally helps build new brain cells you know in your brain obviously it builds new cells in your brain and that kind of dispels this idea of the dumb weightlifting job right there's research to show that both strength training and aerobic strength training and aerobic steady state training both elevate levels of brain derived neurotrophic factor allowing people to stay cognizant have a better cognitive ability later on then just this week and I was going through some literature you know working on my book and there really is there's a high correlation between mobility fitness level and cognitive ability for people in their 70s so the people who work out in their who work out all the way through the 0070s have performed much better on the cognitive tests than people who are sedentary and so the message to trainers I think Rick is out there is that if you if you're a trainer and your your 20s or early 30s and you're working with clients in their 50s and 60s the messages isn't so much on weight loss and appearance the message becomes do you want to do you want the secret for slowing down the aging process do you want the secret for you know being able to maintain your youth and that's that's what I've been doing with knowledge and stair master is having right in our education programs around let's look at you know yes weight loss is important yes we all want to look better we know that but really strength training on knowledge machines you know high intensity interval training on stair master equipment the evidence shows can really be the we can't guarantee results but we can say there's an overwhelming body of evidence just that this type of training can really help you manage aging process you get older here's another thing that we we have some evidence for I've got this article pulled up by hyping and associates and they're talking about high intensity interval training and abdominal fat and so when they did is they did a 4 by 4 minute work to rest interval right so you work hard and eroically 4 minute push and then a 4 minute break and that was repeated several times and then they did a 12 week program four days a week to a minute warm up 5 minute cool down and what they did is they equated the eroic exercise for oxygen expenditure so basically you're burning the same amount of calories but what were the outcomes and the results and here's what was pretty interesting the intervention resulted in a similar reduction in body weight or body fat between the high intensity and the moderate intensity group but there was a significant difference in abdominal fat reduction with the high intensity group preimposed test comparison shows statistically significant decreases in sub-cutaneous fat by 19 and a half percent so that's pretty significant but here's what's the other cool part it's protocol was taken from coronary artery disease patients yeah so again with the with the kitten gloves and we're so nervous about working with people and I did find another research that did correlate a few more orthopedic risks with anaerobic kind of high intensity work versus aerobic but it was it was hardly significant and it's static and it's stats so what you're looking at is that it's not that much more challenging orthopedically and yet these results are seemingly incredible that that these folks are getting and and again now that we like to give pink dumbbells to people who are of a certain age and with them little bands and we give them a chair to sit down in and I'm not saying that that's wrong Pete I'm not saying that wrong but let's be honest everything is individualized but there is challenge that can be done and when challenge and use stress is put on people then we allow them to recover and they get better and stronger from that I love the fact that they use the technical term for for exercise use stress positive stress because a lot of people overlook that because really that's unfundemally as what we do right exercise is stress imposed upon the body and and you're right and that's that and that's what for years you know the approach has been towards older adults is what we want to take it relatively easy but now that we're looking at people who are in their 60s and 70s who have been exercising for 10 15 20 years you don't pull you don't pull off the brakes you don't pump the brakes you be smart about it you know the difference is if you're in your 30s I might say can you can do hit maybe two or three days a week as long as you're getting good sleep and nutrition support it by the time you get your 60s and 70s I'd probably give you about two days a week with at least two full days in between and keep in mind it doesn't mean I throw you right in the deep end of the pool if I were to use the body interval because I like doing this stuff Rick is you don't need to do the four four four minute to bottom cycle right if you if I were to work with Mr. Pig and Mr. Pig was in his 80s and we're just getting to know each other I might finish the workout session okay Mr. Pig here's what I'm gonna do we're gonna do a couple minutes of exercise but I'm asking you to do two intervals of 20 seconds really hard I might give him a one minute of a debaura protocol meaning 20 seconds really hard 10 seconds of recovery 20 seconds really hard 10 seconds of recovery and that's it and build on that because that again that's what the evidence is showing is in Martin Gabala on who I think spoke at the NSM conference a couple years ago Martin Gabala is a researcher out of McMashing University in Canada and he wrote the book the one minute workout and I know that sounds like a cheesy late night informational thing to do but the Gabala's labic McMaster has been studying hit where the said in theory population and has found that like a three minute warmup three 20 second intervals with like a two minute recovery after each one and then a two three minute cooldown that's 10 minutes right but if you do three 20 second intervals that one minute of high intensity is enough to start promoting health benefits and start and that's what they've looked at with coronary patients and with really older adults as you start with that one minute you know it doesn't mean I take Mr. Pig and say our Mr. Pig here we go we're going a 40 minute debaura class when do six sets of debaura interval not at all but what it does mean is we scale it back and then you know we can do like one of my favorite things to start progression is like you do a one minute debaura one minute easy one minute of debaura one minute easy you know you kind of stagger it like that and then you do two minutes one minute two minutes one minute or the two minutes recover then you do three minutes one minute recovery and then you build up like that so doesn't mean you jump right into the deep end of the pool it just means that over a period of maybe four to eight weeks you progressively start challenging the body but even if people in their 70s and 80s when they go through these type of protocols have some pretty significant outcomes and they they respond to it they just have to they have to have that mindset to know that it's just going to be uncomfortable for 20 or 30 seconds but the health benefits are pretty significant yeah I remember just getting started again into some behind tens of stuff recently with the classes I was doing and I went to see my business partner Aaron at an event that we were doing and he was like what is what's going on with you and I was like man I feel like a hundred bucks right now like I just I feel like I found a hundred bucks on the floor that's how my body feels and it it wasn't an easy class like it was indeed challenging but there are a couple things that we know one is that there is a physiological effect that allows you to feel good but we also know that when things are challenging and accomplished there's an incredible sense of pride that goes along with it so getting on a bike and maybe doing 60 minutes it doesn't feel it can be challenging but the challenge is making yourself sit there and continue versus something that is that is hard to do a hard to accomplish in the moment and then you get it done and the sense of pride that goes along with that is really huge so you get this kind of you for effect of the exercise but then you get this cognitive component to it that just makes you really proud about what you've done well here's here's one cool thing about the high intensity exercise if you're 100% right and what you said right there Rick was absolutely correct is is people that if you're working with an older population and you want to start introducing hits to them don't use the treadmill because there are some balance issues and you have to speed up and slow down on the treadmill and there might be some balance issues there a rowing machine one the assault bikes we use the legs and the arms those would be much more just a stationary bike even a recombin bike would be much more appropriate so it doesn't mean I'm gonna have some needs to do treadmill on a woodweight curve and have you know to treadmill intervals for instead of woodweight curve because there are some issues so we need to be mindful about it like a rowing machine and like or rowing machines my favorite the assault type bikes are one of my favorites or even even like with Mr. Pig and his 80s that might have to recombin bike because that 20 seconds are really high intensity on the recombin but what you just said though is when you do this type of high intensity training and when you give people a focus saying I want you to focus on 20 seconds at a time you're giving them an external focus and you're giving them a very finite goal and that can help initiate the flow state and the flow state is really where that's where people get into what the athletes call the zone and in exercise we get dopamine we get serotonin and we also tap into our cannibalized system in the body our body has its own internal cannibalized system that helps reduce pain so when people feel the runners high you know that's what's happening is your your body is releasing these these neuro transmitters to kind of sit the deal of all the pain sensation of the physical exertion so literally you can get people high at the gym you can get your 70 year old clients high at the gym but I do little bits of interval training because it's gonna change it's gonna change your brain chemistry pretty significantly this stuff is really I mean the more and part of it is the more instrumentation that they get and the better they can go deeper they can go the electron microscope and houses they go oh wow we didn't realize this was happening to or for years like research looked at one component ago well we didn't realize that this was going on as well so that's really where you know it kind of is being able to touch being able to synthesize all that together and say well so what how do we how do we design the programs that really have an effect I like that incremental build that you were talking about where you've got somebody that maybe just doing a normal workout whatever that means to you but at the end of it implementing just piecemeal at the end you know at the end of our workout we're gonna do something really hard yeah we're gonna really hard for a short period of time and then it's over exactly that's what people I mean because if I tell you Rick if I say we're gonna do this for three minutes it's gonna be really uncomfortable for three minutes but it's only three minutes can you give me three minutes you know then people are like okay I can do that and then they feel then they start feeling comfortable because the whole idea of getting into the flow state is you want to kind of bend people but not break them you know and that's really what you know that that's what the military you know the military special operations have had to study the flow state pretty extensively you know the athletes have studied it you know business all executives and it's that challenge it's something called challenge skills where if I challenge you to do more than you think you're capable of you become focused on doing that so if I say Rick I want you to do four sets of 30 kettlebell swings oh man that's a lot but after that first set we knock out 30 is it gonna be hard to sure but you knock out that one set so your your confidence builds to do the next three sets then you get through that workout you're like wow I did it yeah it was hard but I didn't break and that's really you know that's that's really where we can get into the psychology of what we're doing and I actually just wrote a um a wrote a piece for an ASM a couple months ago on how trainers can tap into the flow state with some of their clients you know use some of these flow triggers as they're called to really kind of make the make the training session more enjoyable I know this about study and in the workplace that it takes about 20 minutes to get into a flow state when you're trying to sit down and write when you're trying to read when you're trying to do your job usually where it's sitting down and working what I try to get my children to do. 20 minutes and you'll be in and of course just 20 minutes he keeps looking at the clock going it's now only 15 minutes right so he's not ever getting into the flow state he's trying to get out of this state of movement or our focus but what we know at least in that world is that if you can stay focused and involved for 20 minutes just build into it to get yourself into the zone then everything else starts to narrow and the line becomes pinpoint. Well listen that that I mean that's one of the things that's one of the biggest gifts that we can give our clients once we start working with them in person again is with all this external stuff going on the outside is that that one hour that we spend with a client or that 45 minutes that whether we spend teaching a class we can let people forget all that other stuff so I can just focus on themselves for that time they can challenge themselves to work hard they can do something physically and real quick you know to kind of come back to high intensity interval changes to share with listeners so starting in mid March they shut down all the parks and all the trails in San Diego San Diego County you know for the coronavirus saying and so I couldn't go out on my mountain bike so for five or six weeks I was just doing body weight intervals in my apartment you're not not very big and not much space but I was doing like four minutes of about I had doing a couple different things at four to six minutes at a time just once per workout and they just opened up the trails last week so I've been out on my mountain bike three times in the last week and my VO two feels just as good as it was before you know there's always that one hill that's kind of like my test how do I feel going up that hill and usually I redline it about 170 be some minute on my on my heart rate monitor and after not being on my bike for six weeks it was tough but I still had that a rubber capacity to be able to do that hill so that just you know again that's a test of one and there's no controls but it just you know it was pretty I was pretty surprised I honestly was surprised that doing these body weight intervals in my apartment allowed me to maintain the rubber capacity that I developed before the trails got shut down in mid March nice I like that and and there's also something that's nice about being able to just get outside and go after that hill after being stuck for so long so probably pretty apt to do that let me uh let me pop over to Greg just for a moment and Greg I'm gonna ask you just do we have anybody that's in here that's popped into any questions about the high-intensity interval training or working with the an aging population and applying this kind of stuff or anything else that might be being talked about in chat yeah one question regards to the best way to youth body weight when it comes to hit and integrating that. It's just a thing in the in Sean's research what they did and the spelling of that is SCHA-UN they used um they used burpees they used I think they did a man make or exercise they did jumping jacks and they might have done mountain climbers. Now one thing I've noticed is that for people you know our age in order rig that might have some back issues might have some issues with that in the little pelvic hip complex is burpees aren't always necessarily the best exercise you know if you're 20 something yet slam your face into the ground go for it so but I would look at like jumping jacks because everybody knows a jumping jack lateral skaters where you lateral bounce side to side even running in place I know that sounds a little silly but you know I've done that in group fitness classes and people get into it you know especially when you tell them the sprint get their knees up you know running in place we do it mountain climbers where your hands are on the floor and you're bringing driving your knees up to the chest so I'd look at those type exercises as opposed to doing like burpees and you'll appreciate this Rick one of my favorite ones I've been doing my apartment you remember those old that we and we learned it from one car to Santa Ana way way back in the day remember those two arm rubber bands yeah so I do a lot of like alternating rows with those two arm rubber bands fastest possible so it's a little bit different than the heavy rope because my neighbors probably wouldn't like me too much if I'm slamming a heavy rope in my apartment but doing those two arm rubber bands as fast as possible is one way to get the upper body involved yeah nice I also I like doing speeds squats oh yeah I'll fast going to get my squats and then certainly adding some jumps to it so if you're capable of doing those jumps landing with control then talk about amp in the heart rate up with some body weight that's that's a serious that's a serious event it is a speed squats are great yeah no thanks yeah yeah good question about the body weight exercises and being able to push yourself anaerobicly so anything else on that front yeah John wants to know how long is a good time for a solid hit body weight workout and how many days a week would you actually recommend doing well well that's a great question for length and that's where I come back to that research that show that a four minute body weight you know one four minute debaude is all that's necessary you know if if one four minute debaude produce you know three times a week produce better effects and 30 minutes of steady state training on a treadmill three times a week that's where I was start you know it's just one four minute you know body weight debaude and and ill from there I mean that's the thing right is we get this mentality especially here in the US of more we kind of do more we got to do more but the research on on his pretty equivocal that you don't need that if you start doing too much you create something called the overtrain syndrome where you actually overload your system you actually know your body will produce more cortisol and cortisol can turn protein will convert amino acids into fuel and and that's one and that's so this is where I point this out to people one thing I ask I ask clients and I point out to if you ever smell your clothes after you work out and it smells like ammonia that's a pretty good indicator that you've been metabolizing amino acids for energy and we don't want you know amino acids only use for energy and extreme consequences because nitrogen is component of both amino acid and ammonia so if you're close to me like ammonia after you work out it's a pretty good indicator that you're burning protein and amino acids and not carbohydrates and fat so that's really what my advice would be to start with one four minute debaude make it hard though I mean doesn't mean make it easy just means you have to be that last minute should really stink I mean that last minute should be really really uncomfortable but that's where you start and and and just if you want to add a second one the only thing I would do is just maybe do one four minute debaude for lower body one four minute debaude for upper body which is kind of how abs structure did you know if I'll do the bands for four minutes and I'll do lower body speed skaters and speed squats for four minutes and kind of and call it at that you know but yeah it doesn't need it's not volume with with hit training it's intensity so that's a great question and to no more than three times a week because it does take think about it this way with hit you to plead glycogen levels in the muscle and it takes it takes 24 to 48 hours to replace the glycogen in the muscle cells and if the muscle doesn't have glycogen available to it the muscle cells don't have glycogen available that's when amino acids can start being converts called gluconeogenesis when amino acids start being converted to fuel and that's one of the things that quarters all will do in the body when people are in extreme stress state and I will point out also that I believe it's the ACSM has some recommendations on the anaerobic training which is just 75 minutes per week and and you know they also guidelines of an average of 150 minutes per week of a rubic cardio fitness right so you can deduct those 75 minutes from the 150 so don't think that the recommendation is 150 minutes of a rubic and then of anaerobic training and additional 75 minutes that's not it. And that's also one of the things that concerning too is that if you get people better new to exercise they think they have to do all 150 minutes even if you do the 75 minutes and now you still have another 75 minutes of exercise that you're supposed to do we used to say this all the time a little bit of something's better than a whole lot of nothing so don't feel like you have to commit to everything because it puts people in an all or nothing mentality which is if I can't get 150 minutes then I might as well do zero minutes and that's not true at all. Well then that's exactly why they've been studying hit for a decdition population because people have this misperception is if I can't go the gym for 30 or 40 minutes I shouldn't go at all when in reality you know 8 to 12 minutes of as you just said of something is better than a whole lot of nothing that's that's a great one. Yeah. So I love this man dude thank you thank you is there anything else because we've pushed the limits on our 30 to 45 minute podcast as we're getting a little bit closer to an hour is there anything you want to add including the any ideas of when the release date for this book is going to be so we can buy it and then also help people can find you and connect with you. I appreciate that yeah on Instagram I'm Pete McCall on your score fitness that's Pete McCall on your score fitness on Instagram and what I've been doing is Joe and trying to throw a workout ideas while we've been all you know sheltering in place at home and then the all about fitness podcast I just interviewed Marty Gabolle again I interviewed him a couple years ago but I reached out to him at the start of all this to get his intake on bodyweight training and he has some really good insights so check out the all about fitness podcast and you can go back to her three episodes and then Rick you'll appreciate this one I interviewed Dorian Yates as well Dorian is a six time Mr. Olympia like how he's how he's staying in shape now he's almost 60 years old so that's kind of like you know it was kind of that's the only that's the only interview that's one the only interviews I've been nervous for for a long time you know speaking with you because he was known as the shadow you know he doesn't he didn't really do many public appearances so I was really stoked to get that interview with the Dorian and kind of ask him about how he's maintaining his fitness level now so those the all about fitness podcast and on Instagram are probably the best ways to stay connected and Asia's intensity we're looking at like a November release date we want to try to get it out I'm working with human genetics on it so we want to try to get it out before Christmas and it really will be you know it's going to be I'm looking forward to it I'm halfway through writing it right now and I just I love digging into the research and I love the opportunity to talk about it a little bit so thank you and well I wish you the best of luck on everything and I know one thing about digging into the research it can send you down a rabbit hole yeah yeah let's just say Amazon I've been ordering I have to keep ordering printer I keep ordering print cartridges from Amazon because I'm printing so much stuff up but yeah I bet man I bet well congratulations on the opportunity for another one and I'm looking forward to again that thank you for being on and I really appreciate you being here thank you guys good to see you reckon good to see you Greg man I appreciate to appreciate the opportunity to do that so thanks guys appreciate it awesome it's going to have you everybody my name is Rick Richie thank you for being here this is the NASM CPT podcast in our Facebook live webcast

=== FILE: Cardio Hacks for Bodybuilders Burn Fat, Preserve Muscle & Boost Performance [YrJPLnhjI_I].txt ===

It's your host, Andre Adams of the NESM Peak Physique podcast. So excited for this upcoming episode. We're going to dive into cardio hacks for bodybuilders. Cardio isn't just about burning fat, done right. It can actually sharpen conditioning, aid in nutrient partitioning, have emotional benefits, and even support recovery. But done wrong, watch out because it can also be your worst enemy and catablies muscle. Make sure you guys tune into this episode. And most of all, be sure to like, subscribe and follow. See you guys soon. You're listening to the Peak Physique podcast with Andre Adams on the NASM podcast network. Hey everyone, welcome back. It's your host, Andre Adams, NASM Master Trainer, and I-B-B physique Olympian. We are here on another episode of the Peak Physique podcast. It's a day we're going to be covering cardio hacks for bodybuilders. Cardio isn't just a fat burning tool, right? When done right, it can also help aid in things like nutrient partitioning. It could be emotional stress relief. It can help preserve muscle. But when done wrong, it can actually be counterproductive. So we're going to break down what my best strategies, tips, and tricks for everything you need to know about cardio for bodybuilders. Let's go ahead and get started. Pre-cardio supplements and hydration is one thing that I love to start with. Whenever we begin the conversation on cardio, and I'm going to list off maybe my top five to six things that I like to incorporate, and of course this can vary by the individual, depending on your specific goals. One thing I like to start with is a little bit of caffeine. Now again, if you have an intolerance to stimulants, if you're already in adrenal fatigue, or you have any other sort of metabolic stress, or sensitivities, right? You might want to avoid high amount of caffeine, but we're talking low amounts. So consider maybe 100 milligrams, for example. If we were to time that pre-cardio, that can help increase our fat oxidation, and also help increase endurance or performance. There's some really longstanding articles, and it'll sprite 2014 is one of those that breaks down the study of potential benefits of low dose caffeine, pre-cardio, or pre-indurance training. And again, it's best used strategically to based on your tolerance. So again, if you have adrenal issues or sensitivities, you might need to limit, or keep those early in the day. Another good one that some people might already be familiar with is Yohin-Bine. Typically this is going to be an HCL form, five to 10 milligrams, and when we time this one pre-cardio, again, it's going to actually help enhance fat loss, especially when you're already in a fasted state, by blocking alpha 2, androgenic receptors. Again, you can cite this. I'll drop these maybe at the end of the episode, or in the comments, but Osteject 2006 does a very nice job laying the South in a case study. And it's best used with caution though. Again, it can raise heart rate and anxiety. So if you're already in a fight or flight, kind of state and your highly sensitive or you have anxiety, you want to avoid some of the stimulants, but if you're all good there, and you feel good, you can always assess your tolerance at a low dose, and consider adding some of these in to help enhance fat loss, and then optimize overall energy balance. And for me, it's also it wakes me up a little bit in the morning. So another good one that I like that is what I would call Stimfree, maybe considered an energy upper, but Stimfree would be L-Karnatine. So L-Karnatine, there is evidence that show improved fat transport, and it's mainly useful for recovery. But L-Karnatine, we like to use one to two times a day if it's an oral supplementation form, we generally recommend one to two grams. So you know, one thousand to two thousand milligrams, and that can come in powder, it can come in capsules. You could do morning and evening, or you could do precardio pre workout, which is what I tend to do just to try and maximize, again nutrient partitioning and fat burning. But L-Karnatine, great one. Kokeu 10, it's another excellent choice. There's many different benefits to this from cardiovascular health, weight loss body and top liver and metabolism. PubMed actually has an article that I read recently. I got an interesting checking it out. Head over to PubMed, it's PMID 37686725, and the effects of Kokeu 10, suggesting again, overall health benefits and being more of a conduit for weight loss and body recomposition. There's also some very good benefits, again, a cardiovascular and brain health of Kokeu 10. L-Bluetamine, so why would we add L-Bluetamine in precardio for a bodybuilder? L-Bluetamine has several functions, a lot of people know it for it's anabolic support, right? It is the foundation for some of those building blocks of muscle, it also helps boost our immune system, and there's many benefits within the GI system when we're talking about gut repair. So L-Bluetamine specifically, when we're doing high amounts of fasted cardio, especially if we're starting to notice high cortisol spikes, and we're starting to notice downward trend in skeletal muscle. If you guys are measuring with a device like an in-body scan or a dexus scan, and we're starting to see that skeletal muscle taking a dip, that means there's muscle cannibalism happening, and we might want to structure in five to 10 grams of L-Bluetamine, pre or periwork out our pericardio in this case, to help support our muscle mass. And one of the most important things you can do, if you're like me in the morning, it's so some of it's emotional therapy, right? I like to start my day. My treadmill is actually right in the garage, so I can pop the garage door open, get some fresh air, it's very relaxing and calming to me. So it's not always about just quite lost and recombs, sometimes it's about that emotional or that mental benefit from the cardio, and I like to have my coffee wall, I'm doing my cardio. One caveat, however, when we're talking caffeine, as we mentioned earlier, we're talking coffee, make sure that you're doing your electrolytes first. At least 15 to 20 minutes before you take any caffeine because caffeine can inhibit the absorption of sodium and electrolytes. So I like to add that hydration and electrolyte mix, again, dehydration actually raises RPE and can blunt fat oxidation. So we want to make sure that we are fully hydrated and that we also are taking those electrolytes to support our adrenal function and our total metabolic function before intakeing that caffeine. So just recapping, kind of precariot, some of my favorite go-toes, if you don't have high anxiety or high sensitivities, I like to go caffeine, yo-him-bin, Elkharnitine, Cocutin, some Elgludomine to support muscle, and then again, hydration and electrolytes before taking any caffeine or coffee type of supplements. The next thing we'll talk about, let's go into cardio-intensity and duration. We get this question a lot and I'll probably add modalities to that as well because this can factor into the intensity, but I always get the question, coach, should I do lists, low intensity steady state, miss, which is moderate intensity, or should I do hit cardio, is there a difference? If so, when should I do what? It can be a little overwhelming, right? There's a lot of different strategies. If we look at it high level, thinking about low intensity steady state defined as being somewhere in that 60 to 70% of your heart rate max, right, to 20 minus your age and years, time 60 to 70%. You get to that heart rate range for low intensity. This is gonna help promote fat oxidation without excessive fatigue. Now, if you are a very heavily muscle body builder, which I believe most body builders, that's the goal, right? We wanna carry as much lean muscles possible. When we're already in that state, the biggest concern is, again, muscle capitalism where we're starting to break down and we know acids from muscle tissue and converted into glucose as fuel. We don't want this especially when we're in a highly sensitive, fasted state. So, low intensity steady state or moderate intensity steady state cardio tends to be a little more favorable if we're in a fasted state early in the morning. This helps to mitigate super high spikes in cortisol, right? That's going to be in adrenal response, which, again, is a cat about hormone. So, we don't want that happening. Now, this or Miss Cardio tends to utilize about 90% fat as the fuel source, right? The oxidation source versus, let's take hit or weight training, right? Very similar impacts to your central nervous system. If we took hit training, that's using about 90% glucose and ATP as the fuel source. So, we wanna get strategic on what we're leveraging each of these. The benefit of hit would be higher amounts of total calories burn per minute, right? You might burn in one hour session and if you did hit cardio, which is a lot of cardio, by the way, one hour of hit might give you, let's say, 700, 800 calorie expenditure on that particular modality and you might only get 500 calorie expenditure doing lists or miss cardio on that same modality. But, if you look at the percentage split again, it's gonna be heavily heavily shifted towards body fat while preserving more of that muscle mass when you're doing lower to moderate intensity cardio. So, that's the main thing that we look for. In general, guidelines where we're talking about intensity duration of lists or miss, I would recommend typically 30 to 60 minutes at that 60 to 70% heart rate max. That's gonna again promote more fat loss without excessive fatigue or excessive strain on your adrenals. Whereas, hit might be better utilized later in the day. So, let's say, post meal one, maybe it's post workout, assuming it's not after, let's say a really hard leg day. If your goal is to maximize your leg development. But, when we're in a cutting phase and you need to get more cardio in, hit can actually save you some time as well. So, if we are very limited on time, you've only got 15 to 25 minutes to spend towards cardio. You might want to consider hit in that scenario because we can get a higher amount of calorie loss. So, generally, I like to do my list or miss cardio. That can be anywhere from three up to six or seven times a week for those shorter, we'll call it more reasonable intervals 30 to 60 minutes. However, when we're talking hit, I like to minimize that, especially when you're already training four to six times a week. With weights, I like to minimize hit to 15 to 25 minutes, one to three times a week and strategically after a meal or post workout. Hit cardio is also gonna help improve your VO2 max and calorie expenditure. But again, it carries a cost which is going to be some disruptions to your recovery curve. So, you don't want to time, you're, let's take your lagging body part, right? We need to bring the glutes up significantly, right? We need to develop a lot more muscle density there. So, we might have more food, more calories on that day. We might train lower rep range, right, lower volumes, but heavier weights. And then we need that recovery with nutrition, sleep, hydration. If you're adding in a lot of hit cardio after training that lagging muscle group, you're disrupting that recovery curve and it can actually be counterproductive. You might get some weight loss but you're also not developing the muscle that you're trying to develop. So, just keep that in mind and try to space those out on days that you're not training, you know, that lagging muscle group. Purityization, so early in prep, we like to think about doing a mix of hit and list, right? And we might mix those up again, one to three times a week hit and then the rest being list or moderate intensity. But then later in prep, especially as you get into that two, three, four week out window from a show and you're already near stage condition at this point, we wanna start to reduce fatigue. In order to do that, I like to shift some of that cardio back to low or moderate intensity. This is gonna help manage your cortisol. It's gonna also help reduce some of that joint stress. And we'll talk about modalities again that are more favorable if you're having joint stress and inflammation versus, you know, just running your body into the ground with high-emotic cardio, high impact all the time. One cardio hack is to think of cardio-like weight training, right? Volume, intensity, and frequency need to be managed, not just always cranked up. So, it kind of absinit flows, right? We start to tie training, increase things up, throughout the course of a prep. But then once we peak that out, we've now achieved their stage conditioning or we're approaching over reach and burnout, then we start to pull back. By over reach and burnout, what do we mean? When we're talking about cardio specifically, some key indicators that I would look for on prep. If an athlete is doing, let's say, two to four weeks apart, they're doing body composition scans in body or dexa. And we get two or three data points in a row where we see skeletal muscle mass decline, right? This is a very clear signal. It could be cardio-related, it could be recovery-related or combination, could be nutrition-related, and when we're looking at cardio, the first thing I do is review what's our total volume, are we doing 250 minutes per week, are we doing 500 minutes per week? Is it lists or is it hits cardio? What is the timing? Is it fasted or is it post-meal one or later in the day? And this is where you can really get surgical with the cardio. And again, it's not just cranking it up. It's about strategically periodizing the cardio in a way that helps give the benefits of cardio, like nutrient partitioning and fat loss, and cardiovascular improvements, emotional improvements, right, destressing without risking burning muscle tissue. And that's a very fine balance. So monitor those biomarkers, other good ones for me are HRV and resting heart rate. So heart rate variability, especially overnight, we want to see that stable or if anything, we'd love to improve it, right? We'd love to see that high in trending upwards over time. If we start to notice it declining, or we start to notice resting heart rate, starting to creep up over time, to get indicator we might need to rethink our cardio schedule to allow for more recovery. So a good segue there, right? We talked about some of the different types of hits versus list cardio and some of the precarious supplementation. Let's talk about fasted versus evening cardio a little bit more in depth, right? Fasted cardio, again, increases the reliance on fat oxidation. So about 90% or so, especially if we're doing low to moderate intensity. You know, even yo-him buying, if we think about that supplement, we mentioned earlier is going to be more productive in that fasted state, right? When we're talking about lipoluses and these things, we're setting ourselves up to burn more fat when we are in that fasted state, but we don't want to overdo it to the point where we're breaking down muscle. And again, the con of doing cardio in that fasted state is the higher cortisol. Cortisol not only catabolizes muscle, but cortisol actually stores visceral fat. So example, if you have high cortisol late in the evening overnight, for one, it's going to be annoying because it will disrupt your diurnal patterns and your sleep. But it can also increase belly fat storage or visceral fat. So if we're doing overdoing the fasted cardio to the extent that we're now in this kind of fighter flight, right, our sympathetic nervous system's getting too taxed, we get the higher cortisol, higher muscle, catabolism, and all of the things we don't want as a bodybuilder on prep. Another article that you guys can cite there is Harowitz, and that's a 1999 article. Again, if you want to research and go a little bit deeper on why these things happen in the body, it's actually really fascinating stuff. So we touched on fasted cardio. Let's talk about the difference when we go back to our evening cardio. And I say evening, but honestly, this could be anytime after you have food in your system. So we're just talking about fasted state versus non-fasted state. The evening or non-fasted cardio, one of the pros is that glycogen is already partially replenished. Cortisol is lower later in the day and after food. The con would be high intensity cardio or hit too close to bedtime may impair sleep. So again, a hit cardio is going to have a similar effect in your CNS central nervous system as heavy weight training right before bed. So if you are noticing some sleep disruption there, you might want to rethink the timing of your cardio. And sometimes it's inevitable. You might have a job where you're working all day long. Maybe you've got kids and responsibilities and you're not able to work out until the evening time, maybe you don't have cardio choices at home, so you have to do it. Post workout at the gym in the evening. And this is a good scenario where you might have to get a little bit creative on how we structure that cardio, so that it's not disrupting or interfering with your sleep and ultimately your recovery and performance. One cardio hack there too is use fasted cardio in moderation, especially deep in the prep. For off season or recovery days, evening cardio is actually left less stressful. If you are post show, you're reversing out, you're trying to restore your hormone access, right? HPG and man, HPO, HPA and females. We're trying to restore this hormone access. And if we're slamming the body again with six days of fasted cardio for 45 minutes, that's really causing further hormone suppression. So we want to start to pull back on some of that. This is where less actually yields more results. And we want to allow our journals and our central nervous system to recover better. So calories come back up. To maintenance, we pull back some of those inputs from cardio and training and the hormone access start to restore themselves. So just keep that in mind. It can be very useful. The other reason or way that I use it even in lifestyle, clients or for off season is for the nutrient partitioning benefits. And what I mean by that is, in fact, I think we did a full episode on this recently, but what I mean by nutrient partitioning is the way that our body utilizes those macro nutrition, that macro nutrition. Are we storing it as excess energy? Are we driving glycogen to the muscles? Are amino acids being converted into the muscles throughout the protein synthesis, mechanism. Versus, if we do no cardio, we're not really getting circulation. We're not inducing any nutrient partitioning. Chances are we're probably going to store a lot of those calories as excess body fat or energy. That is just energy. So we want to be in control of that. And one risk, again, with too much cardio similar to doing excessive amounts of fat to cardio, if we do just too much cardio in general, we do risk muscle catapulism. And it can also come down to not just frequency throughout the week, but the duration of the session. I have seen athletes that have done 90 minute sessions of cardio multiple times a week. And that's too much, right? Similar to being in the gym, pumping iron for two to three hours at a time, it's too much and actually becomes counterproductive. So not only do you get like, if we were to graph this out, but diminishing returns, but you actually get it to climb where it's now burning muscle tissue, which is defeating the purpose, right? And if you lose, think about this on prep. If you lose five pounds on the scale, you might be excited. And then you go and check your body comp, and it's like, wait a minute, I lost two and a half pounds of muscle, and I lost two and a half pounds of fat. And my percent body fat is actually the exact same. I just lost muscle, right? So we don't want that to happen. We want to preserve muscle. There's strategically programming cardio. So it should not be excessive of why those really, for me, it's anything over 60 minutes, even if it's low intensity. But certainly, we shouldn't be getting into the realm of 90 minutes or more cardio procession. That's guaranteed. And you know, acid breakdown, hormonal stress. So chronic high intensity cardio definitely reduces testosterone. So some hormone suppression, again, that would be HPG and HPA suppression, in this case, hypothermic, the two-attary gonad or adrenals. And it's also going to have a negative unfavorable impact on your thyroid output. So what I mean by that is conversion of T4 and T3, some of those hormonal pathways, definitely take a hit when we have too much hormonal stress that's induced by high stream amounts of constant cardio. Now, one session here there, you missed a half hour cardio yesterday, you want to make it up today. One session here there isn't going to kill you. But if you're doing this consistently and we're programmed around these excessively high amounts of cardio, definitely going to see some counterproductive things with your hormones down the stretch. You guys can reference Hackney 2001 article for that really good article on hormone stress. And then plateau risk, we see this a lot. So a lot of times, athletes might start a prep. And they're doing absolutely. They're losing weight, they're re-comping, dropping pretty consistently in linear. And then all of a sudden, we start to plateau. Recovery ability goes down. Strength starts to take a toll, inflammation, the tired, chronic fatigue. And when we start to plateau like this, again, these could be indicators that we're just putting too many inputs, too many stressors onto our nervous system. And one of those stressors could be in this situation cardio. So if we look at the cardio schedule for that particular client and we see that, oh, they're doing an hour in the morning. They're doing another 30 to 60 minutes post workout. And then they're going for an evening walk. They're turning five days, six days a week. Right away, we would identify that it's too much. The body is not able to recover. We're disrupting that SRA's, demunous recovery adaptation curve. And we're starting to blunt progress. We're also blunting fat loss. And progress is now stalled. So this would be a scenario where we identify that there's too much cardio. And we need to be more strategic with the types, duration, and tentities, when and how long we're doing those cardio sessions. Now that you guys have a pretty good foundation of knowledge on what can we do to enhance get the most out of our cardio with supplements. We've got a pretty good framework laid out for the intensity, the duration, hit versus list. Let's talk about some of my favorite cardio gear hacks. What I mean by this are what tools can we use to even get more out of our cardio, right? One of those, and we have a full episode on this. I encourage you guys to go back through the peak of the Zeke, Vault and Archive. Look up my episode on waist trainers and sweat belts. Excellent information there. And we break down some of the benefits and then also the risks of using things like waist trainers. But when we're talking specific sweat belts, so those would be like your Velcro, Neo-Prin Raps, once it don't have those hard, spiny ribs like a waist trainer, I love to leverage sweat belts. You can actually get them for your thighs too. Excellent choice for athletes, especially women that struggle to lose ECW, extra cellular water or fat deposits and cellulite in the thighs. But for sure, around the core, I like to go to the sweat belt. And I stack that actually with some topical thermo cream. I actually love using creams like steel fit. They've got some good ones for abs of steel, buns of steel, sweets, wats, another good brand. So you can pick one of those up. Even though there's a 3D and 40 Evelyn cream on Amazon, really cheap if you're on a budget, any of these are much better than nothing. And the first question you'll get is, what isn't it just water weight that you're losing? So my short answer to that is, there's some truth to that. You are sweating out extra additional amounts of water. However, what's causing you to sweat in the first place is that thermogenic effect where we're trapping the heat, we're forcing some of the adipose tissue inside those cells to oxidize into heat. So we're exhausting fat using this fuel, exhausting it into heat, which causes our body to sweat. So yes, you are losing a percentage of that as water weight. However, you're also tightening the skin, topical, alkaline, a lot of these have many firming ingredients that also improve skin elasticity. So there's a lot of different benefits from the dermal layer, all the way down into that adipose tissue and accelerating fat loss in those site-specific areas. So I definitely encourage you guys to use them, just have realistic expectations. Just know that yes, you are losing some water weight. And if you lost five pounds during your cardiovascular session, doesn't mean you burn five pounds of fat. But you are getting that 1% edge on the competition. So I'm a big believer in it. Myself, all my athletes have always had success with this. So keep those sweat belts and thermal creams, and then footwear and sportive gear. So things like if you've got joint pain, you've got knee pain as we age some of the impact. Even a treadmill, especially some of those surfaces if they're not intended for running or jogging can be very high impact. Now they make nice or one that you can look for like assault runners or woodweighs that have more of a curved surface, better for landing as you're running, lower impact. Those are definitely ideal, but in the meantime, make sure that you're wearing proper shoes, good arch support. If you need to, add some knee wraps or things that help protect your joints. And this will be a lot more long-term sustainable to make your cardio feel a lot better. Cause I promise you, if you have plants or fasciitis, if you have bad knee pain or shin splints, the treadmill is not gonna be your best friend. It's gonna be really hard to get the most out of your cardio and really push that intensity. So that's actually a good segue into cardio modalities and joint health. When we're talking about what are the ideal modalities if we are struggling with those issues, the shin splint and plantar fasciitis, these sort of things. One thing that I'll recommend right out of the gate is go back to the low to moderate intensity and low impact forms of cardio. So it could be just the basic walk and incline treadmill, slow speed, where you're not running and having the high impact of those steps. But ideally, if you can do some recumbend bike, even up right or stationary bike is fine, elliptical, some stair mills. Again, it depends on what your issues are, but if it's not a high impact issue, you could look at using some stair mills. I also love roars. So if you guys have not used the roar, they are intense. And I used one for the last two to three months going into my Tokyo Pro Super Show that was the last August in 2024. And I was actually having bad shin splints and I do have planar fasciitis. So after five, six months of hard prepping for multiple shows, my knees took a hit and I actually used the roar for about 50% of my cardio, mixed in some recumbend bikes, some upright bike and some elliptical. And I had no issues. I was able to push full intensity. And the roar, I also love it. It gets the core, the legs, everything's working, everything's involved. So keep that in mind, switch up those cardio modalities. And then if you are experiencing joint or impact related pain during your cardio sessions, again, keep your intensities a little bit lower. Don't go to high intensity forms of cardio. Cycling swimming is also good when if you have access to a pool, everyone knows swimming is intense, right? We're burning a lot of calories. Full body workout can also have some benefits and be anti-inflammatory. It's good for overall muscle and joint health. And then sled pushes, or if you need to get the hit cardio in, sled pushes could be a good modality for a low eccentric loading, for example. And if you're doing hit options, some of the options that you have there, sprints, battle roaks. If it's an upper body day and we're trying to deplete, those can be great. Also gets the core and the joints strengthened up. And then again, we talked about sled work. So sled work can be done in pulling, pushing modalities. And they even have the tank M1, M4, if you guys aren't familiar with those really cool devices. It's like a sled, but it's got wheels. And you can change the level of resistance. You can add weight, great way to keep your cardio interesting and fun, but also the most out of it. Guys, if you're just joining us, welcome back to the NASM Peak Fuzique podcast. Today's episode, we are diving into those cardio hacks for body builders. Everything you guys need to know to choose the right type, duration and motalities of cardio. We touched on a little bit of a list and hit. Let's make it specific to body builders. List benefits, long intensity steady state, lower recovery costs. We're gonna have higher volume tolerance. And it pairs very well with prep. Since on prep, we're putting most of that energy into the gym. We're putting most of that energy into pumping iron. We're trying to grow. We're trying to maintain and preserve our lean muscle mass. Hit benefits for body builders could be that it's efficient. Again, if you're short on time, and you really just don't have an hour to commit to cardio and things like this, hit could be a good tool in this scenario where we can take, let's say, 45 minutes of moderate slow intensity cardio and shrink that down to 25 minutes of hit cardio and get a similar energy expenditure output. So keep that kind of back pocket. Keeps athletes athletic. That can also be a positive, not everyone enjoys functional athletic training, but that's something that I've always been a big advocate of keeping your body functional. Even as a body builder, power lifter or anything else. And hit again, if we're going to employ it, we wanna do that earlier in prep. We don't wanna wait until two weeks out for Michelle to start implementing hit because it's just too taxing on our central nervous system and is not gonna allow our bodies to recover. Especially when we're at a caloric deficit. Cardio placement in the training week. So this is a good one. When we're thinking about where should I place my cardio? I've got four days, a fast to cardio this week and I have 50 minutes of cardio. So it'll give me 200 minutes, right? Where do I place it? I always like to have a few basic rules of thumb. One would be avoid long cardio sessions on your heavy leg or your heavy back days. This does, again, to have a disruption effect. If you've taken our PVC course, we talk about breaking those cardio sessions of part, moving them 24 hours away from the recovery curve for either a lagging muscle or these really intense later back days. And it can impair recovery. Therefore, we wanna make sure that we time it appropriately so that there's no disruption effect on that muscle. Best pairing is cardio on upper body days generally. Rest days, active recovery days, or split from training entirely. So if we are training Monday, Wednesday, Friday, we might wanna schedule our cardio on those off days. Not always possible, especially if we're doing a five or six day training split, which is not uncommon by any means, body billing. So then we just gotta be strategic on what days we put the cardio sessions and for what durations. Certainly don't wanna schedule a hit cardio during one of your heaviest leg days of the week. And my hack there, my pro-tip will say, it's just treating cardio as it's its own training variable. It's not just like add-on calories. It is no different than having a workout, right? We wanna treat the cardio as a workout. Other things that you can do as well. So I wanna kind of recap all this because we talked about a lot here in a lot to unpack. But as we're getting more and more strategic, you've got periodization with your cardio, you've got maybe shifted more towards hit cardio in the beginning and we start to phase in more lists or miss cardio as we get closer and closer to showday. And one thing to consider is if we're starting to hit a limit, we're starting to see decline in skeletal muscle, we're starting to have muscle catapulism, is we may need to actually pull back on cardio or change around some of our timing. And then employ additional neat calories or step count, right? So what I mean by that is not exercise activity with our motion is this is gonna be a lot more friendly and supportive on your arenos. You're not going to have the severe cortisol spikes that are causing muscle catapulism, but you're still going to be at a relative energy deficit throughout the day to still stay in track and hit your target. So you could start monitoring your step count. If you have already an active job, maybe you are a personal trainer, maybe you're a nurse, a mailman, somebody who's getting a lot of steps and activity in anyways, you can start to count this towards your cardio session. And last hack, this is one of my favorite hacks. When all else fails and you should be doing this anyway, you can shift the percentage of your cardio towards posing, especially you bodybuilders. Looks a surprise for everyone, even if you are a bikini athlete, men's physique athlete, wellness athlete, fit model athlete, but it's really, really intense if you're in bodybuilding, women's physique, women's bodybuilding classic physique, where we have to flex the entire body very hard. So what I tend to do is let's say I have an hour of cardio that I'm supposed to do each day, three weeks out from my show. I might start to shift back 40 minutes of that. I might keep on, let's say, incline treadmill or a roar or bike, but then that other 20 minutes, I might do specifically hard bodybuilding poses, where I'm holding each pose, let's take our mandatory as a front-to-bow bicep. And I'm gonna hit that pose with the same intensity as if I'm on stage. And I'm gonna hold every single pose 30 to 60 seconds. This also improves your muscle conditioning in two ways. One is the aesthetic conditioning of body composition, but the other is the ability to hold your poses, contract the muscle at near maximum voluntary contraction for extended periods of time without exhausting yourself. And trust me, if you're new to this, you'll be sweating, like crazy, it's harder a lot of times than the cardio itself. So this is another great way. You got the high impact issues where you have joint stress, or you really just need to practice your posing more. Start integrating it in addition or in place of some of your cardio, and you'll get some really good results there. Guys, key takeaways and practical hacks, use caffeine, electrolytes, so not just gimmicks, they do have actual benefits, always get those electrolytes before ingesting any caffeine if we decide the caffeine is appropriate for you. Keep your cardio within recovery limits, right? Don't chase the sweat, chase sustainability, it's no good if it causes you to burn out halfway through prep. Match cardio type and timing to your goals. Also, based this on your joint health and what phase of prep you're in. Remember, hit cardio earlier in prep, start to shift that balance towards Liz cardio. And likely, even drop hit cardio altogether two to three weeks out, especially if you're already at stage conditioning. And then number four is gonna be prioritizing recovery. Cardio's a tool, it's not the end goal, it's not the end all beyond, it's a tool to help move us closer to that physique outcome and stage conditioning that we're looking for. So guys, that's all I've got for you today on cardio. To remember, it's not a punishment, it's a strategy, use it to your advantage. And if you guys want more follow-up information, you can reach me online at AndreAdamsOfficial.com. You can also reach out via email at trainingbytrayadgmail.com or you can find me on Instagram and YouTube at AndreAdamsOfficial. Thank you guys so much for tuning in. If you got value out of this episode, please share it with the least one friend. And when you employ some of these cardio tactics, tag us, we'd love to hear how it's going for you, what things are you learning about your own prep and your own clients. And we will see you guys next time on the Peak Physique podcast.

=== FILE: Conscious VS Unconscious Decisions [kvjbT7Lhlyg].txt ===

Welcome back. When we think about the habits most of us have, well, many of them are well established. Every day you make choices that you don't have to consider or think about. You simply do them. And thank goodness because we all be exhausted before we ever left the house. If we had to consider everything that we need to do. It's great when our habits work for us and help us live the lives we desire from the simple choice of remembering to shower and brush our teeth so that people want to be around us to more complex decisions like deciding to make the time to study and stay current on continuing education. But what about the habits that don't align with what we want to achieve? What about your client who really wants to lose weight and is consistently training to make that happen? But tells you that she just can't stop late night snacking on chips. Or what about the athlete who says they're committed to improving their performance? But then keeps on telling you about grabbing drinks with friends several nights a week. Reminding our clients and for being honest, even ourselves, how these choices impact our ability to reach our goals is an effective. We can't just tell them what to do. Many times we already know that these things are working against us. We know what we should be doing. Instead, we have to learn how to unwire the habit and rewire a new one to create changes that support our goals and that will last. And that takes conscious and repeated effort. The interesting thing about our brains is that they really like to be efficient. Your brain wants to take any action that you repeatedly do over and over and over again and move it into a habit. Because when it does that, it actually requires less effort to process and perform the behavior. It's been estimated that 43% of the decisions and behaviors that we do each and every day or habitual. Many we do the same things over and over and over again and in the same way. That's great when that works for us, right? And we're making good decisions, but not so good when we work against us. You see, when a habit is formed, the brain actually stops participating fully in the decision-making process. And instead, it turns it over to our subconscious. Now it's been estimated that our subconscious part of our brain can run the show for as much as 95% of the choices we make each and every day. This unconscious part of the brain, which is also referred to as the automatic, the fast brain or even system one, that part of the brain really helps us preserve mental effort. And it saves it for the critical thinking and problem-solving that the brain really wants to focus on. So, the fast brain is the one that steps in and makes a fast decision quickly. And it usually makes that decision based on our own experience, maybe on emotion or even impulsivity. It's the one that when you feel a surge of stress at the end of a long, hard day, declares, man, I need a drink. The conscious part of the brain, however, is which is known as the slow brain or system two, that's much more rational and logical. This part of the brain considers the pros and cons of any situation. It will consider the potential long-term consequences and what even connect our current choice to our long-term goals. The slow part of the brain is the one that you can plan on to help you decide how to handle that stressful situation. So when you want to turn to a drink, what might you choose to do instead? So it really prepares us in advance. So which one wins? It depends on what system you're using in the moment the decision is made. Now of course, there are ways to move toward more conscious awareness of the choices we're making and why we're making them. And how to make it less likely that our fast brain is going to rule the show. We'll talk more about that in the next video that describes the habit loop. And we can see how habits are formed. I'll see you there.

=== FILE: Corrective Exercise Basics Activation & Integration Techniques [GBhd3tXGc6U].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and live. My name's Prentice and I'm here as always with Wendy and Marty. How are you all doing today? Great. Thank you. All right. Outstanding. So we're moving right along through the CES four step process. And today we're going to talk about activation and integration techniques and just to review CES essentially is what you're trying to do with your client is build a targeted flexibility, strength training and strength training program which can be a workout all by itself. And I'm sure they're going to talk. We're going to talk about that in upcoming today or in upcoming webinars or it can be fashion as part of your warmup when you start working your clients through the phases of the OTT model. So let's get started. Marty, can you give us an overview of what activation is? Why do we do it? Sure. So activation is we're really trying to wake up those in target those little or muscles or those muscles that tend to become weak due to the over activity of other muscles. And just try to like I always like to describe it as get them ready to participate. Get them to understand that they have a role in human movement and we want to get those muscles moving so that way as we get into more complicated movement patterns, we can eliminate compensations, we can eliminate muscles that have to work for those ones that aren't playing nice. So I always explain this as generally speaking, a lot of the muscles that my clients didn't even know they may be had like when I start talking about the anterior to be Alice in the posterior to be Alice, you know, a lot of little postural muscles, you know mid trap, low trap, you know, when I get into the glutes they know glute max glute medias. But you know that may not be their primary focus. They are there to work more of the prime movers and the things that they you know either want to see change cosmetically or they are accustomed to training. So we're just trying to make sure that all the muscles are, you know, fired up, ready to do what they need to do. So as we get into the more complicated movement patterns of the integration that Wendy will talk about that they're doing their role so we get better movement patterns. Outstanding and I'm just going to jump right in and ask a question or have you make a statement regarding this? When we talk about getting these muscles that are identified as undirected ready to play nice with the other muscles in a pattern as in most of our human movements, can you explain what happens, what potentially happens when that breaks down? I'm thinking more about synergistic dominance and that whole cascade of things that happen. Yeah. So regardless of whether how efficiently you're moving, you're going to move, right? So when we're doing assessments or exercises, if you ask someone to squat, if you ask someone to push, if you ask someone to pull, if they're not doing efficiently, they're going to find their most efficient way to do it. Doesn't mean that it's the most efficient way by omchanically or from the proper movement sequencing that we're supposed to do. So when those muscles aren't activated and they're not ready to do their role, we find compensations. And within that compensation, we all know about the cumulative injury cycle that can then happen because we have more stress into the body than we're supposed to. But as you were talking about, some muscles are going to pick up the work. Somebody's going to say, hey, if you're not doing your job, I'll do it. And that's where we talk about synergistic dominance. So an example that we use all the time is if my hip flexor is the one that's overactive, that means my glute max is now underactive. So we would have to activate that in the right steps, of course. But we're focused on activation right now. But if I don't activate it and I haven't done the other two steps, especially in addition to that, when I now go to do a squat or go to do a lunge or something else, another muscle is going to have to pick up the slack, whether it's the hamstring complex, the rectus spine aid, the addoctor magnus, the synergists that are there to assist that motion, but not to do the bulk of it. They have to pick up the slack. And now all you're doing is getting somebody stronger at moving inefficially. And now those muscles that are not designed to take that amount of stress are working harder than they're supposed to. And this is where sometimes you'll see someone pull a hamstring or be sore in certain parts of their body because they moved. They moved as efficiently as they could, but not as efficiently as they should. Outstanding. And before we, I don't think that this was a question that was asked. But just to wrap this particular piece of, can you talk about activation from a programming perspective? What are the acute variables for this? Yeah. So everything that we've talked about, we always want to make sure that when we, if we have gloss over a phrase, it's anchored back into the science of the model, whether it's any part of what we talk about. So going back to what makes activation activation, it's hopefully the third step of the process, right? We've talked about how sometimes some people can't foam roll and all that. But we want to foam roll and we want to lengthen. Then when we get into activation, it's very specific muscles in a very controlled manner. And what you're going to find is we have a longer e-centric contraction and a longer asymmetric contraction because these muscles are geared in the reason that they've gotten weak is they cannot maintain their firing pattern or their endurance. So it's not a quick, you know, rapid movement of these muscles. It's very slow, very controlled, eight seconds per rep ideally. So for a second, for the e-centric, two seconds for the isometric. So they have to hold and grasp that position, and a term that Wendy and I would use is like own that position. And then two seconds of the concentric motion. So it's very, very specific. And we're looking at doing more repetitions because these are endurance-based muscles. So minimum of 12 up to 20. And if you can get to 20, if you think about the math that's a hundred and sixty seconds, so just make it a little more progressively challenging and maybe get back into that 12 to 15. But once you hit 20, it's time to add some level of intensity to whether it's more resistance or you're changing your leverage or whatever to make it just more challenging. You don't need to go over 20 repetitions. Yeah. So thanks for that explanation. And in a few minutes, we've separated the fourth yesterday if I may paraphrase Master Yoda. We want to teach that muscle to unlearn what it is learned and go through slow, purposeful movement with a lot of repetition so that it can start to do its job in the global movement pattern. So now, let's thank you. So now, Wendy, let's talk about integration. So, integration techniques tell us what it is and why do we do it? Why is it important to finish our corrective exercise process off with that? Sure. So the integration techniques are performed after the activation or the positional isometrics and involves the use of dynamic total body exercises. So these exercises help reeducate the body back into a functional movement sequence and enhances the functional capacity of the body by increasing multi-planar neuromuscular control. So basically we're working on coordinating the movement patterns. We know that multi-joint exercises and all planes from both a bilateral and unilateral stance that's going to help increase the intermuscular coordination and that reeducates the neuromuscular system to maintain the proper alignment during these movement patterns. So integration portion really involves more low-load controlled movements of course in the five kinetic chain check points and that's going to ensure that joint start and remain in proper alignment and the muscles function and their proper linked tension and relationships and synergistic recruitment, the recruitment pattern. So we're just making sure that they're moving as optimally as possible. And in this section, basically, we often use the total body movements that combine the lower body as well as upper body patterns and that's going to help place the increased stress of the core musculature as well. So basically we're just taking everything and now kind of combining it and trying to make sure that our body knows how to handle the new found, the link as well as activation and then making sure that we can put it all together so that everything plays nicely. Thank you for that. Now I have a couple of questions for you as well. This is a follow-up to the webinar series that we did with a Laco regarding using combining corrective exercise and Olympic weightlifting, but what I wanted to ask you is what makes it an integration? What is on the table for integration techniques? What can we use for integration techniques? Is it just, are we limited to just the movements we see in our text or can we bring anything with purpose? Well, obviously, yeah, I mean everything with a purpose because again, every client is specific and individualized. That's why the assessment is so important and it's also why you know, the intake is so important because you want to get the subject of information to find out what is their goal. So basically, I mean again, corrective exercise does take time. I mean ideally you want to start to see something immediately, but you're going to have to continue to work on inhibiting those muscles that are overactive and lengthening the muscles that are better. We're trying to reactivate them and so the beautiful thing about the integration component is yes, I mean once you know that you've loosened up muscles that are overactive and walking up muscles as Marty was saying, waking them up, you know, now that we can think about like the whole neuromuscular, you know, or what's the word I'm looking for? We're trying to look for the coordinated movement patterns. And so if somebody wants to be able to do an Olympic lift and you've worked on their, you know, foot and ankle complex to get better range of motion within that joint, their hips look pretty good and they have pretty good, you know, extensibility in their, in their overhead movements. And absolutely, you can use anything that you want as long as it makes sense. And if we think about trying to look at like even a phase one workout, I mean you're going to notice even in that template that we go core balance reactive and then write into a total body. So again, we can still follow that and that's why the beauty of the corrective exercise model really can be integrated into a full workout routine. You just want to make sure that you know, the body is prepared for whatever kind of, you know, demands is going to happen in the resistance portion of the workout. Okay, great. Thank you. Thank you for that for clear clarifying that for us. Now, let's move on to some questions that we've gotten over the past few days and Marty, what I wanted to ask you and I've gotten this question a lot of in social media, but can you go into the difference between intra and in, in, terror, muscular coordination and and tie it into the activation, activation and integration phases of the corrective process. Yep. And when I learned these philosophies, the way I looked at it was internet and trunnet. So, you know, when we communicate throughout the entire world or all of us, we're using the internet, which that's more of your, that's going to be your integration. In trunnet, you might work for company that has their own internal system where you're only communicating internally. So that's how I remembered my activation is internal. It's primarily going to be just one muscle as much as you can isolate a muscle. So that's the intra muscular coordination. Then when I start to get everything is when he talked to now work well together, that's my inter muscular coordination. Okay. Perfect. And can we, can you talk about that? Let's go back to intra muscular coordination and tie this in and help make the connection for our listeners of why we're doing the volume and the way we do the acute, all of the acute variable. Sure. And how that ties into how that aids intra muscular coordination. Yep. So when you look at it again, the muscles that we're going to primarily target. So let's talk about our anterior tibialis, our posterior tibialis, you know, those relatively smaller muscles that have to work for prolonged periods of time. There are a lot of times they're support or stabilizing joint muscles for those particular joints, whether it's the foot and ankle, whether it's the core, whether it's the shoulder. So they have to work for long periods of time. And if they get fatigued and they don't do their job. Now again, muscles don't just completely shut off. But they're going to drop in their amount of work that they can do when they don't have that endurance and they can't fire properly or optimally. So now the sudden, you know, when you look at the rotator cuff, it's a stabilization and endurance structure. It has to work for a prolonged periods of time. So that's where, you know, why we have those acute variables exactly set that way where it could be two to three sets if needed of 12 to 20 reps because we really have to build the endurance. Just like, you know, moving up when we move out of corrective and we go into true stabilization endurance training, again, it's an advanced version. In a sense, if you want to look at that way, that's why we do planks and bridges. We're still working on all those little muscles to be able to create your foundation, right? I just like, you have to have that stability and support throughout your entire body. So corrective, you're just identifying a couple of weak links and bringing them back up to speed so then you can progress through the model. So it's just like any time we, you know, we focus on it, we describe it when you build your house. You better have a really solid foundation and a solid foundation, a human movement is the ability to stabilize all the joints for prolonged periods of time in ideal posture without allowing them to get fatigued during the activities that you want to participate in. Okay, perfect. And now let's talk about inter muscular inter muscular coordination and why that's important for how that should, how integration influences that. So the way I've always described it is I don't train muscles. I train movements. Now we just talked about intra muscle coordination and we're talking about trying to isolate a muscle, but you're still doing a movement, whether it's door to flexion, plan or flexion. Just the movement is much more simplified and it might be one joint moving in a very methodical manner where when we look at what Wendy talked about with inter muscular coordination, she's getting, she was I'm getting multiple joints to move in a sequence, right? Now I might describe the exercise to somebody as, oh, we're going to train and I put in the muscle, but I know that there's a generally speaking multiple joints that have to move in a sequence and fire properly in the right time to maximize the movement efficiency. And as I said at the beginning is I might still move in a similar pattern, but if I'm not getting the muscles to fire in the right sequence and also at the right ratios, then when I move, that's where you see these compensations. And we've already talked about what happens when we get these compensations and we allow those to continue to happen. So that's why we start with the intra muscular coordination because if you can't control individual joints, it's going to be real hard for you to control multiple joints together. Okay, and thank you for that, Marty, and Wendy, let's go back to you because it looks like your internet connection is awesome today. So I'm just going to fire off a lot of stuff to you and take advantage of that. Don't jinx me. Don't look up. Okay. So we had a question about how do you know which muscles to activate? So I'm going to throw you, I'm going to throw you a case. Okay, little, a little, someone who has asymmetrical weight shift to the left to the left. And then when you take a look at that single leg squat, there is a little rotation, inward rotation. So what are we activating in that case? Okay, so when you think about it, if you have a shift to your left, then it's going to be the glute medius on the same side that is going to be underactive, right? I mean, you also want to think about the adductor complex on the opposite side that is allowing that shift correct. So basically, when you're looking at the overhead squat and you're gathering all of this information or even in the single leg squat, I mean, if you see the knee, you know, the knee caving in, you know that the adductor complex on the side of or the opposite side of the shift is going to be underactive. But if they're on a single leg and you see that it darts in, it could be overactive too. So again, then you've got conflicting information. So at that point, you really want to together as a whole. I mean, the glute medius on the same side is definitely a muscle that we're going to focus on. But if you don't see anything going on on the opposing side with that, well, I shouldn't say, the opposite side is going to be overactive. So you're going to inhibit the right side and then you're going to activate the same side. Does that make sense? So basically, you know, you're not going to do the same thing on both sides and that's where a lot of the confusion comes in. And the asymmetrical shift is tricky because again, you know, what's happening in underactive on one side, that means the other side is going to be overactive. And so that's why you really want to get a good understanding of the muscles that you need to focus on. So, so on a, you know, if you're thinking on a corrective exercise strategy, you know, then again, you're going to inhibit. So you're going to formal and lengthen the adductors on the same side. So the left side. And then you're going to look at the TFL because obviously that's also going to be overactive on the same side. So on the left side as well. And then you're going to think about the bicep for Morris. And then again, on the opposite side, you've got the glute medias. So that's what you want to look at on the inhibit and lengthen side. And then on the activation side, the glute medias. I mean, I'm sorry, the glute medias on sorry, so I'm trying to think this through without like drawing it out as Marty says, it's harder without a whiteboard, but the glute medias on the same side is what we're going to activate. And then on the opposite side, adductor complex is what we're going to activate. So it'll be something separate. But again, you know, looking at the solutions table really kind of identifying the muscles that are involved is going to be super helpful when you're trying to design a program that's going to be beneficial for someone. But again, if you notice that like in the single X-Wat that the knees cave in and there's, you know, but you've got valgis going on, then obviously you may want to funnel and lengthen those as well. So again, it's, you kind of have to look at everything as a whole and every person's going to be different. I don't know if I answered that question. Yeah, but you did. You did answer that question. And you get the information from, you know, like when you say what to activate, I mean, not even using the asymmetrical shift as an example, but all your information comes from the assessment. So again, that's why the assessment component is so, so important because that will tell you exactly what you need to foam roll or inhibit and then what to lengthen and exactly what to activate. Okay, so let me, let me follow up. I'm going to ask you an even trickier question. Fantastic. So now, so now we're doing this. Let's take into consideration our group access structures out there. So they obviously are there for taking that group exercise class. How do we implement this into the group access? Specifically, how are we going to get a room of 15, 20 people to do all of these different activation exercises in that group before diving into the group access and reps? Well, okay, so again, you know, when we're usually talking about this, we're looking at, you know, proper movement patterns and individualized programming. So if you have someone, you know, that has a group, I mean, which is obviously a majority of our listeners or people that are coming from an ASM, they do group X. I mean, you've got to think too that if you've got 15 people, you could split those, those people up into like three different groups. And you have to think typically what is underactive? And we know that the glutes are often underactive. The glute means is often underactive. I mean, this is just over repetitive, you know, being in the field for so long, we see this, you know, these are these are muscles that are typically underactive. So with that being said, we could have one group do a set of planks or sideplanks. So that way they're really focusing on the core. And the small muscles that protect the spine. And then in another group, you could have them doing side-like leg lifts or a lateral tube walk if you want to really try to wake up the glute medius. And then you could have them do, you know, another group do bridges. And again, as the instructor, I can look around and watch five people do stuff and cue them. Like, hey, that's great, but make sure your foot's turned in or hey, make sure you're drawing in or, you know, if they're in the plank and you don't see their glute squeezing or you're see their heels touching because there's compensations, you can easily cue out of that without being overwhelmed and having all 15 people do the same thing. So, you know, you could do the, you know, 15 to 20 reps, trying to go over tempos with each group. And then after that, you know, then you can switch. And so those are three great exercises that you could do and they go from one right into another, right into another. So, so again, even though it's not individualized, it's still going to be something that you're going to see be very helpful in activating muscles that are usually underactive. I'd thank you for, thank you for that explanation. And that's really brilliant. I go back to when I was a boutique studio owner and the first thing, it goes back to something that you said, always assess these people, even though I'm teaching group ex. And then I would throw these people into groups where they were similar. So, there were maybe three people working on the, for example, the feet turn out compensation. And I would segment those groups in segment them by their compensation and have them do exactly what you're saying, kind of a general corrective exercise program for that particular segment. So, thanks for that explanation. Bottom line people, it goes back to, you know, assessment. And then being a little creative, being a little creative, and how you group your, how you group your clients to make that work in a group setting. So, Marty, I'm going to go back to you and ask you what I think is a, it depends question. But what is the best, what is the best integration exercise that a beginner can do? Well, it depends. But I had to say that, you sent me to that. So, one thing you got to focus on, you know, what are, what are you having your facility, right? You know, do you have a cable machine, do you have a stability ball? But you know, what we're going to be generally looking for is some type of genitals being a squatting motion that's generally assisted if it's a beginner because it'll help them learn the squatting pattern. So, I love a squat to row because if I can do the row, now I'm getting into full extension of my shoulder blades, good posture at the top, it's going to force my hips into extension. And as I go down into the triple flexion component, the holding on to the handlebar or the handles, whatever I'm holding on to, is going to allow me to, you know, to offset maybe my weakness in my core allows also for me to get better positioning between my, you know, shin and spine. So, it's, it's a, it's an awesome exercise. You can't go wrong with a squat to row. Stability ball, if that's what works for you because right now you might be training somebody in their home and they don't have the ability to necessarily have a cable machine or anything that could offset their load like that. You know, the suspension training, I like that as well, because again, you can, you can kind of learn how to mirror that with the squat to row. I'll do, a squat pattern to a row even with the suspension training devices. So, those are kind of my three go to to begin with. As someone progresses, I like using a low step up. You know, again, when we start the step ups, I don't go to eight, ten, twelve inches right away. I'm cool with using a two, a four, or six, because I'm starting to teach that progression on towards a single leg. You know, and then having to create their balance and their core and their integrity. I like scaption. To me, if they had any type of overhead, anything with their lats or their shoulder, I don't go to a press right away. I would go more into scaption because I'm still going to take a couple weeks, maybe to get their full lattix sensibility. Doesn't mean you can't. But again, getting creative again, if they have really tight lats and I want to do something overhead, I'll do one arm at a time, compared to both arms because I can put one arm above my head and not have to have so much restriction on my lats as if I do both. But again, you got scaption there as well. So, you know, a lot of different ways you can look at it. But as you said, it depends on the person's abilities, their assessment, and now in this environment, especially what you have around you. Yeah. So, for those of you listening, if we made the perfect then diagram of this, one circle is what do you have in your gym? List out all of that stuff. Then it goes back to what your client wants and whether that's just general hell or are they competing in something, you have to take all of that into consideration when you make your program and that final circle is what do they need? What exactly like Marty and Wendy have said this entire series? What is that assessment tell? What does that assessment tell you? What are their abilities? What can they control at that time? And that's how you pick your best integration exercise. So, let's follow up with you Maran, ask you about specific exercises. So, when we talk about things like the group media, since we brought up the asymmetrical way of shift, is the glute bridge or a lateral tube walk, an activation or an operation exercise, and how do you, if they're different, how do you make the decision of which exercise goes where? In that continuum? Once again, it depends and it what I mean by it depends. It depends on that person. So, when we have corrective exercise, it doesn't mean that they're going to be so dysfunctional that they can't do anything. And it gets just like anybody else, you know, someone needs stability and their strength and their power is on a continuum. So, if you're dealing with a professional athlete, they are activation, maybe with a 25 or 30 pound dumbbell for a glute bridge, right? To some people that would look like a strength exercise. But if these are people squatting 5, 6, 700 pounds, that's what they might be able to handle 25, 30, 40 pounds for 15 reps at that real slow control tempo. So, again, kind of going back to what you just explained, we got to kind of pick where's this current person? What is activation mean to them? What is integration mean to them? But when we look at it, generally speaking, you know, two-blocking for a lot of people, it's one of those ones that's going to split, right? So, when you know I had a conversation about the solar is, there's a lot going on to do a lateral two-blocking properly. So, if they can't control their core, if they can't control their posture, if they can't control the height that you want them to go at, if they take a step out to their right and their left knee caves into adduction, because the bands pulling them, the Nathna and activation technique, you may need to get their glute meaty as fired up with a single leg, you know, hip abduction or a side plank or something that is a little more focused, then see if they can use the two-blockings in integration. But if someone's been working, you know, Wendy, I know she crushes people with the two-blocking in the right way. She always dials that in. So, for somebody else that has been with Wendy or somebody like that for a period of time, that's now an activation technique. And then she can go do something a little more challenging for their integration. So, you know, some people get confused when they see that, of course, a door selection, anterior tip, always going to be pretty much an activation technique. But there are a few of those that can, you know, ride that fence, but it's not that we're throwing out the science. We just understand progressions and regressions and what's appropriate for that person. But it always is going to come back to they have to be able to do the right amount of repetitions with the right amount of tempo and that is really going to dictate what happens. If so, if I pick the two-blocking and they can't file that four, two, two-tempos without losing their form of technique, I need to regress. And if I need to regress them back to something on the ground, then that's what's appropriate for them at that point. No problem with that. Okay. And speaking of progressions, regressions, Marty, what are some of those progressions regressions for the glute bridge? Yep. So, I've had clients, honestly, that they can't even do a glute bridge without their hamstring or low back cramping up. Now, they're not injured. This was just they did not have to fire that those muscles. So, I have them do isometric holes. You know, I think Wendy, I think you've called that Deren had lights. You know, we're just doing your glute squeezes and you be shocked. Sometimes you have to change the position of them because, you know, some positions they can do it in some positions they can't. So, you know, I've given what I call accidental exercise like every time you're in the car to red light, start squeezing your glutes, right? So, sometimes it can just be flat out the isometric hole. Then from there, we're going to go with two legs up, two legs down. Then what I like to do is really break down the progressions and regressions is I would go two legs up, one leg down before I'd start going one leg up, one leg down. So, then I go from, once they can go two legs up, one leg down, then I have them to go one leg up, one leg down, and then, you know, that's a nice way to get into those progressions. Then again, if someone can hold the 5, 10, 15 pound dumbbell there and just a rock star and do those 12 to 20 repetitions, that's awesome. Because Wendy's heard me say this, I've never found somebody that overactive glutes yet, where they're like, you know, I need to inhibit your glutes because you're just, you're way to, you know, you got way too good of a movement pattern firing your glutes. So, we absolutely put a lot of glute work in and we want that endurance and we want them to be able to maintain those, you know, firing patterns for long periods of time. Okay, great. Thank you. Now, we have a question come in from Justin. Thank you for hopping on today, Justin, and Justin wants to know how we incorporate CES into 30 minute sessions with clients that we're seeing only once or twice a week. I want both of you to give your perspective on that, but let's start with you Wendy. Well, I mean, I used to work in a facility where we did 30 to 45 minute sessions. And so, I mean, obviously, that is very typical. And if I do a lot of pre-work with someone and they only have an hour, meaning because I'm a manual therapist, I mean, I do a lot of manual work up front and then we have to get into the activation as well as their programming. So, so me for me, again, as soon as they get done fomorling and stretching, I immediately have, and again, every exercise is dependent upon the assessment, but as Marty just said very typically, you're going to notice that people's glutes are very undirective and so I'll have them go into a glute bridge. I do have my clients going to a lateral to walking or a clam shell or sideline, you know, leg lift or even cable abduction, because again, we know that their glute media is usually weak. And then I can do, you know, I can go right into my integration exercises. And if I only have 30 minutes, I mean, the beautiful thing about integration exercises as they are total body exercises. So I can get a bunch of muscles worked at the same time if I incorporated anywhere from two to four total exercises. So, for example, I do from, you know, my glute bridges right into my lateral to walking, right into maybe a step up to balance to curled overhead press. I could do something like a, you know, single leg, Romanian deadlift, and to a scapcion. I could do, you know, there's a lot of, you know, I could do a sideline lunge with rotation, like cable rotation. So there's a lot of different things that I could do, where I can pinpoint specific muscle groups, get a total body workout, and they're happy because we targeted everything in a short amount of time. And so you can look at all this stuff as kind of like a, you know, as a positive, even in the short, you know, in the short timeframe that you have, because again, total body exercises get your heart rate up. It's very, very challenging, and because we're doing the 421 tempo or we're slowing everything down, these muscles are firing, and it's very, very challenging for the client. So then they feel like they got a really good workout. Okay, great. Thanks for that Wendy and Marty. What do you, what do you think about that? Very similar philosophies. So, you know, it's just kind of repeated. Some other ways to, you know, to attack it is try to get them to do their homework, you know, get their even 5 minutes earlier, right? And at least if they can get their foam roll out of the way or a couple of their length and techniques. Anything that they can get out of the way ahead of time. Now, what I'm going to tell fitness professionals is don't allow them not to do it because now you've just said it's not important. I've had clients that walk in, look, I didn't have time and then they just want to rush right to the body, they work out. I'm going to adjust their workout, but I'm going to force them to do it because I'm going to reiterate that these are the rules you're going to play by. So in the first time, you do that, they'll get in early and they'll get their stuff done if they can. So I try to get them to do as much of it as possible. And then exactly when you said try to be very creative with my integration techniques where I can keep them moving, keep their heart rate up, and then going back to what we always talk about in the CES is what's the most important compensation I need to address. That's the biggest issue that I have to face in that workout or biggest issue that can clean up the most of other things. And if there's some nice deduces, I might sprinkle that in, you know, in their act of rest face like, for example, let's say it's all gloopedious that I really need to target with my activation, but I know their anterior tip could use some work. Well, as they are walking back in four sets, I have them do like the heel walk where they're putting their anterior tip in a nice and metric position and they're walking that way. Because at least I'm getting some firing of their anterior tip. So you'll learn some of those little tricks of the trade or I might throw in cobras as part of their exercise for the mid-trap low trap. But I might have really had to fire the activation on their gloop media, it's because without that their whole movement system kind of doesn't work. So that's where there's the science and the art that we've talked about, but I'm always sprinkling it in, you know, as much as possible. Great, thank you for that. Now just summarize both of you because you've brought up very good points. Number one, you have to be creative. Number two, you have to prioritize and pick the compensation that's kind of driving the most stuff and you may have to adjust your work out. So if you don't do anything that's going to feed some of those other compensations and I like what you said Marty about accidental exercise. This doesn't once you're moving in your in the session and you need to pick up some other some of those other movement segments, you don't have to do this necessarily in the linear fashion. Like, you know, Zeus isn't going to lightning bolt you from Olympus. You are allowed to miss stuff around that so that your client can get all of the stuff done. It can be an active rest. So thank you both for that explanation and I'm looking at the questions and I have one more for you, Wendy. Now my takes place in 3D, we've talked a lot, given a lot of sages of playing explanations, demonstrations. I don't know when to progress into different planes of motion in an integration exercise. Well, of course we're always looking for a proper move of patterns during every exercise that we do. So if you're client owns, as I said and I know Marty brought up just a second ago, I'd like to exercise with minimal challenge to their core. So let's say like a ball squat, then you can progress them to the alternating or staggered stance exercise such as the step up and then progress them to the lunge and then the single leg, you know, single like squat. You know, but as we know, the saggy plane is usually the easiest for most of our clients. So that's usually where we start people in and that's totally fine. But I mean as you said, we move in all three planes of motion. So once this client seems to understand the proper movement patterns, you're not seeing a lot of compensations, then you know, start to put them in the frontal plane, start to getting a moving side to side and then how does their body react to that and then again, start training their body into how to move properly in the five-connected change-out points in the frontal plane. And then the transverse plane. Because again, we want to keep training our core, like our movement patterns and make sure that we're following the same sequence. Again, you know, go from two legs to to, you know, side step ups and then a side lunge and then, you know, different things like that. So so again, being creative and the more you can get the moving in three planes from the beginning, that's great. But if you know that they're really struggling in the sagittal plane, it may take a few sessions before you can start getting and moving in the different ones. But it definitely wants you want that to be a focal point and not just keep them in the same plane that they already know how to move in, you know, easily, if you will. Okay, great. Thank you. Thank you Wendy. Now, we have a question that came in from Megan and thank you Megan for hopping on today and listening and Megan's question is, is there a way to alter the steps in groups of 60 plus people? Okay, so this may be, this is a question for both of you, but go back to your days of working with football team. You probably have 48 50 people out there in warmups before practice, so we're not going to log around 50 plus foam rollers. So I'll continue. She works with fire recruits for two hour training sessions due to our training sessions and then they sit the rest of the day and of course for her budget buying 60 foam rollers is not in the books right now. So how what can we do to follow the continuum but get all of these recruits taken care of? Let's start with you Marty. Yes, I've worked with large groups like that before, so one, you're going to go through your assessments and we do what we call red flag people. If we saw people that moved really inefficiently, we would give them a lot of homework to do on their own where, you know, whether they are injured or not at this point that wasn't the case. It's just a metacritory where we're like, okay, you need to come in with us and learn your individual workout. Then for the group, you know, yeah, we didn't foam roll everybody. Now again, you can encourage people into a session on how to do foam rolling and teach them and encourage them and try to maybe see if you can help them buy these in bulk, so it's less expensive, but that's something they're going to have to, you're going to teach it to them, tell them why they should do it and get them to do it at home and maybe when they get home after their long day as well. Then when you go through the progressions, just like we've talked about, you go through your, you know, your static into active and then into dynamic and pick the muscle groups that tend to be overactive for most people, which is the calves, the hip flexors, the adductors, the lads and pecs, and just, you know, then throw a core stabilization exercise in there, maybe some glue bridges and then you can get off into more dynamic stuff. So when you're dealing with that type of group, they're still a great approach. Okay, and how would you approach that Wendy? Well, I'm going to follow exactly what Marty said. I mean, ideally, even if you don't have 60 foam rollers, maybe, you know, you can ask the firehouses, you know, to try to have some laying around, so when they're not in session, maybe they can foam roll and stuff, you know, when they're in their 24-hour shift. And so, you know, again, that would be their homework and they would have to take some kind of ownership of doing some of that on their own. However, if you are doing 60, you know, 60 people at once, like Marty said, I mean, you may not foam roll and it's okay because again, there's going to be certain situations where you're not going to have any kind of implement to to use in the inhibit section. So you may have to bypass that and go right into the static stretching. And, you know, if it is a group and you didn't do any individualized, stretched, you know, any individualized assessments, which obviously in this case probably not, you would look at the most common compensations that you would think that a firefighter would have. I mean, they're lifting really heavy hoses, they're climbing up ladders, they're moving things around all the time. So, so again, you would think about the muscles that that would be overactive in their particular, you know, in this case, either, you know, either sport, if you're thinking sport or in her case, the firefighters, and then statically stretch it and then go right into activating, again, you know, the common ones, based like Marty just said. So, you know, you could do planks, you could do the bridges, you could do side planks. I mean, those are all really challenging and they're all really good activation exercises and then go into, you know, some kind of integration. And it could be, you know, some kind of like side lunge debalance and then into a scaption. I mean, they don't have to have weights for some of this stuff because again, if you know that they're weak and you're trying to integrate things together, it's still going to be very, very challenging before they get into the actual workout. Yeah. And I can also address the activation in session. Actually, before I do that, I know, Marty, you have a hard cutoff in like two minutes here. So, why don't you give us, why don't you give us what your takeaways are for this session today and then tell us how we can get in touch with you after this is all over? Absolutely. So, you know, I think when you go back in the whole sequence of this is that there's so many really amazing features from each step in the model and there's not one that's more important than the other. And that's what the research shows and that's why I love the NESM content because it's not an opinion. It's science. It's just learn the science, then master the science so you know, what fades you're in, how to progress people, what the acute variables are. But then it's just really, you know, when you now tell you, we've been at this for over 20 years with this information and we're still kind of going, wow, what if I do it this way? But when we say that it's always how to apply the science in a unique new way and get more bang for our buck. So that's the art of it. But if you have, if you're not using it every single day, you get in maybe bad habits or go back to the habits before you took the course and passed the test. So really just, you're your first client and make everything about the model and you'll just see how valuable it is. So and then to get a hold of me the easiest way is on Instagram is Miller.Mardi 72 and then also email is Marty. Miller at nsm.org. All right, thanks. Thanks, Marty. I know you have to hop off. So thank you for joining us as usual. Thank you for your contribution and you have a great day, rest of your day and thank you everybody. See Thursday. You got to look forward to it and when do you'll do a great job you know, closing it up as always. All right. Awesome guys. Take care and be well. All right, thank you. So Wendy, I'm going to follow up a little bit and make this question and you can give me your hand signals, tell me to cut it off, stop whatever you want to do. And it's going to be a little controversial. Now you're your manual therapist and we understand that doing the pendant stretch technique for example does it require a ton of pressure from the phone more. We're not taking a steam roller over that muscle to elicit the response that we need to get this to work. Am I on the right track? Have I said anything unsafe yet? No. Now working with groups like that. Now you're just going to take a little bit of coaching and queuing. I do know that she has access maybe not to 60 phone rollers but she has access to 480 fingers and 120 thumbs. So quite possibly during the warm up when we're doing inhibition you can have those those firefighters just probe with their own fingers in the belly of the muscle without going too hard and just doing a simple pin and stretch technique. You don't have to have, necessarily am I still safe first of all? You are. I'm doing extend. I mean again you want to be careful you know too because I mean obviously you know as I may know therapists we're very you know we're licensed and again you know you have to make sure that they are very clear on the pressure point like as you were saying you know you want to you want to make sure that they don't go past as six or seven on a scale of 10 or you're really not going to elicit you know the the gains that you're hoping to get. So we'll go ahead. And that's a very good point and that's why I wanted to be clear in the very beginning this this is going to take some coaching understanding all of the counter indications where you where we don't want to put pressure obviously we don't want to put pressure in a joint space over a blood vessel over a over any a nervous tissue or any place where it can cause more harm and definitely we don't need a lot of 10 I would even say three or four can get the job done. Right right. Just holding on just holding on to that and just being a little creative doing the little education upfront being a little creative you can still follow the steps in the process safely it's not definitely may not be ideal and definitely not going to do the same job as a former or one of those high-brice vibrational devices but you can still get some of that work done doing exactly like you said focusing on the high the high you muscle groups get into the calves getting appropriately into the hip flexors you don't want to take your bone and dig it across your nervous tissue definitely not into that that femoral triangle and impenge and artery or anything like that but you can you can put your fist in a TFL and do some do some penance stretch techniques without without in the injury so do everything that Marty and Wendy said Megan and you can take your you can take your athletes through that process pretty safely so we are at the end today Wendy what are your takeaways from this webinar well I mean I think again you know just remember that all of this is a continuum and so you know where we are splitting this up and you know the assessment really is what dictates what you shouldn't do meaning you know what are the right areas to follow what are the right areas to lengthen and again we're basing that off of what we saw that caused the compensation and then again what's allowing the compensation is what we're terming as weaker underactive and that's where this webinar really you know comes into play that we want to activate those muscles that have shown to be weaker underactive and then we do the integration by putting it all together you know again just we want to think of if you use a car you know you've got you've got an engine and you've got tires and you've got the body of the car but if you don't put it all together is not going to run smoothly and so that's kind of how you want to think of your body that there's a lot of little pieces that you know we termed that inner musculers you know coordination stuff today that we were kind of pinpointing and then it's like we want to think about everything together and trying to put it together as as a whole to get everything to work you know in proper inner muscular efficiency having the right muscles fire at the right time and the right plane of motion and and again this continuum is great because it really does build upon what's going to be going on in the actual workout and you're just helping a client move better feel better which again is going to allow them to perform better and so I think the takeaway is is just kind of get to know this Lucius table really get a good understanding of what muscles are underactive and overactive and then at that point apply you know this this forced up process and then go into the workout that is is appropriate for your client because remember every client is different that's why we do we do an assessment with everyone so we can get a really good foundation of where they're starting and where they want to go okay and how do we find you ask a lot of follow up questions after this so my Instagram is Wendy.bats 13 my Twitter is Wendy Bats 13 and my email is Wendy.bats at nasm.org okay well thank you very much it's been a pleasure as always Wendy and I hope for weather is okay for you down there well where you are and you have a great rest of the day and thank you everybody who hopped on and stuck with us for the full hour we'll see you next time

=== FILE: Corrective Exercise and Olympic Weightlifting [Mi3ReYuP--4].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NASM AFA Optima Online. My name is Prentis and I have very special guests with me today. We have Rodney Corn and we have Kyle Dr. Kyle Stull with us and I'll introduce them a little bit more later. But what we're going to talk about today is corrective exercise and Olympic weight lifting and how we want to be able to use the material in the CES and the weight lift to enhance fun. I know that just because of the industry is sometimes corrective exercise is framed as solely reducing the risk of injury. But you look at this athlete there. This is, I'd say, Olympic weight lifting and the gymnastics lower exercise. It's this mid-expression of power, strength, flexibility out of all of the sports. We want to help athletes like this to be able to maximize their potential so we're going to teach you, well, not I won't. Please gentlemen, we'll teach you how to use both of these systems and integrate them to help maximize the performance of your community. So let's go ahead and get started. And we can go ahead to that slide. So the advantage of for today is we're going to talk about the history of the OPPT model. That is also why Rodney's here. He's one of the, he's one of the people responsible for shaping, shaping this model, the system to what we understand today. So we're going to give you a little bit of a historical context of the OPPT model. And we're going to talk about the history of Alaco and the history of Olympic weight lifting. We're going to talk about the primary lifts. And we're going to talk about what the athletes need. That's what is referenced by needs analysis. We're going to talk about what the athletes need to perform all of these lifts successfully. So that they can express their power and enhance their performance. Hang around until the very end because we do have a promotion code for today for discount on the Laco products and for the CES course and as always, we're going to have Q and A. So you'll be able to type your questions in and we will answer them as best as we can. And as I said, I have here Rodney corn. He's the director of education for Alaco. He is the co-founder and former CEO of PTA Global and the co-founder of Soma. And as I mentioned, he is the former director of education for NASM and we are very lucky to have him on today. Rodney tells us a little bit more about yourself and maybe if you can, tell us about our chance meeting several months ago. Yeah, so thank you, Prentice and it's great to be part of this and thank you everyone for being part of this and for your time and energy deeply appreciated. I always appreciate people willing to take time out of their business schedules to share and just enjoy some camaraderie and hopefully get some information out of it, which is the ultimate purpose. Yes, so I'm the OG. So I've been around a block a few times and was one of the people who was at the beginning of the OPET model. And my story is fairly unique. Obviously, got to NASM in 1999 straight out of my master's thesis and was big into sports and and at the time there was no real structure in NASM. My part he was doing a workshop of program that and Mike was just a brilliant young, extremely intelligent and organized person. And he went through this whole process and launched a great short. I had a real friend's talk with Mike Clark. Mike Clark, we swam him into coming on from his physical therapy, a practice in Arizona to take over and provide his information to develop an actual process. And at the time it was the first periodized process in social training aside from the CSES, which in SCA or FODE had, but there was nothing in training and Mike brought the OPET model. And it looked a little different than it does now. But that's where this all came from. So I was just absolutely honored and it was a complete pleasure to work with and under Mike. The a mentor is, even though I'm about 40 years older than he is, and be able to just learn from his brilliant. So interesting enough as the world goes and as this industry goes, I had to go to China to meet Francis. Heard about it, knew about him, but was in China and we were in, it was Shanghai. Wasn't it was in Shanghai? Yeah, it was Shanghai. We were in Shanghai. Kyle was there. Francis was there. I've known Kyle for a long time. So Kyle and I go way back for many, many years. He's not his older son. But so we were there and I walked into this, this gym at the hotel. It was working out and saw this guy doing some stuff. And I, in fact, my mind was like, that reminds me of like some videos and stuff. I used to see him do. And so we got to just talk and also he said he worked for any of some about God. And I said, oh, I said, hey, well, my name is Ronny Pour and he's like, oh, you're running point. It's a gas. So there was two videos and guys and at some other people in the room. And it was a cool experience. So that has led to a lot of this and here we are. So it's a deep honor. He plays for beat here. So thank you for that. And we also have Dr. Kyle Stull, a master event master education. He's he's responsible for doing a large amount of our educational content. He is also one of the reviewers of CES, professor of a professor at Concordia River Forest. And also a master cowboy. Can you tell us a little bit more about yourself? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And it is kind of hard to follow up Ronny there as in 1998, 99. I was still in high school. And the only sport I ever played was rodeo, perhaps a Texas thing. So yeah, 98. 99. I was rodeoing in fitness and exercise was the last thing. That I would think about. But anyway, fast forward a few years. I got into personal trading and I've been a master instructor for an ASM for other little bit of decade. Now I think it's been about 11 years. And Rodney and I, we worked together on several projects. I think one of the things I've probably never told you Rodney is how influential you were in the development of my career. And I'm sure a lot of people have the same story I do. But I vividly remember the VHS, the CD-ROMs, Lisbon, two year-boyce watching some of those videos with NASM. So I really appreciate not only the work you've done with NASM, but of course everything else you've done in the industry. You're definitely a game changer in my opinion. And it seems like everywhere you leave a strong footprint. So appreciate all the work you've done. And I'm very excited to get to spend a few minutes with you here. Discussing corrective exercise and woodlifting. Yeah. There you go. Thank you, gentlemen. And as I said, today you can save today only. You can save 15% on a pair of equipment. And can also save 35% on the new CES course with a, it's a phone-only promo code. So we will give you that information at the end. And with that said, let's dive right in. Hopefully today it's going to be wall-to-wall content for you. So Joaquin leave with something. So what we want to do right now is since you are here from the beginning, Rodney, why don't you tell us about the first evolution of the OBT model? Yeah. So first and foremost, those are you that, that are familiar with any assembly OBT model. Hopefully you understand that it is a massively powerful system. If you don't realize it's massively powerful, then it may just be that there's more to it than you may know. Also, it has so many different variants as I can go through. And we've turned it down since then, but where it started is originally came with seven phases. When I met Mike and Mike and myself and there was also Lenny Carrasino who was another phenomenal educator in the industry. When we were sitting down with Mike and we were going through it because we were initially the first people that were exposed to it. I'm going to be developing a, any of some back in, there are 2000. We have seven phases and phase one was preptive exercise training. And so we had all these happenings and people, if you were at the theater, if you're old school and you've been around and you've seen the transformation, no, we had all the acronyms. So there was corrected exercise training. And then the stabilization endurance was actually more of the stabilization. It was integrated stabilization training. And then we had stabilization equipment, which was kind of like strength endurance, which was phase three. So two was integrated stabilization training. Phase three was stabilization equipment. That's when we took a strength exercise and put it in phase stability exercise. So it was like a superset. The original, which most people don't know, originally, that was actually versed. It was a stabilization exercise, supersetting with the strength of the K. Kyle, can you pick up on that? Can I, yeah, Rodney, we lost you, we lost you a second? The gardening supersetting has got Rodney. Okay. Back. Yeah. Work out. Phase three, which originally was a stabilization exercise, followed by a media followed by a superset with a strength exercise. That we changed. We added the sketch of my self-deleting and my accent. What do you think we should do? And while there is a, there was a bigger continuum than you'll probably ever see that we've developed, I personally have about four different models for the OPT model. We decided on the strength followed by a stability and that was phase three and then phase four was our muscular development. And then phase five was what we called elastic, elastic equipment training. I'm sorry, it was the max power. So we had muscular development, phase four, phase five was max power. I'm sorry, max strength. And then phase six was the elastic equipment, which is what we had, strength exercise followed by a power exercise. And then phase seven was max power. So when all the way from corrective exercise through stabilization training to the strength and endurance, which is a stabilization followed by stability, then muscular development, then max strength, then the hybrid of strength power and then you went into max power. So we had all of those phases, which was sequentially laid out in a beautiful system, beautiful system to start with. And I'll turn that over to Kyle, because since then, you have, you've changed that. There have been some changes and I think one thing to point out about that too. You mentioned a couple of times you mentioned periodization. So it's important to understand that the OPT model is a periodized model, this periodization. That is a cyclical program and it depends on the sport, it depends on the athlete, but you would program through this basically year-round. And since it is, each time it would progress with the athlete, you can progress the exercises. So it's really a system that is never ending and to your point or as you stated, it just has so much potential and everything that can fit in there. And we can see here on this slide where it was those seven phases that rotting, rotting described well. And then there's been a few different progressions, but now sort of what we've said alone is, we separated out that phase one. So that corrective exercise training, there is so much to that, there's so much complexity, there's so much depth that we thought it deserved its own platform. So we've separated that off of the model and that's where you have your corrective exercise specialization. But I do think it's important to understand that just because we've separated it, doesn't mean it's separate from the model. It still is an integral part of that process and that's one of the things we'll talk about today. And by separating that out, that turned into a six phase model. And that's where we can see now more of that performance based model is going to be those six phases. They've changed names a little bit from what Rodney just said, but it's basically the same approach that they had back in the day when they first came up with this. And then a bit more streamlined model is going to be, we call it the fitness model, this four, the certified personal trainer. And that's going to be the five phase model. And that's what we see there on the slide where we start with that stabilization, endurance training and then we will progress up through strength and endurance high hypertrophy, max strength and then we get power. So essentially, we still get those same adaptations that we would train for an athlete with that stabilization strength and power. It's just, it comes in a bit smaller, smaller package. So that's where we are now. Thank you for that Kyle. And both of you brought up a couple of interesting points. And just the concept of periodization for planned training over the course of the year. So either one of you will start with you Rodney. Why is planning important for the athlete and as a personal training client? Yeah, so these are great questions. And this is the fundamentals of actually programming. And it really comes down to stress. I mean, what we're talking about is stress. So when we talk about a periodized program, realize that it's just a way of manipulating a cute variables. And a cute variables are simply just a means to monitor the amounts of stress that's being placed into somebody's system. And how that stress is being placed, depending on whether it's load, the endurance capacity, you're following a continuum that basically takes someone from more of a road to pass the more of an endurance-based training into more of an explosive, if you go all the way up in a linear fashion, more of explosive. So you're changing energy system, which is changing the stress and the system, you're changing loads, you're changing force. So it's a way of monitoring all of these variables, which have essence to say, and how can I organize and systematically progress the body to adapt to a certainly response and then get it to achieve a better response or a higher response? And not kill it. And that's the whole purpose of curization. When done properly, it actually controls the amount of stress that will be placed upon the system. So you can increase performance and potentially decrease the risk of injury. All at the same time, when done correctly. Thank you for that. Kyle, for you, let's talk about the difference between what strength is and what power is, because just maybe with the lay knowledge, we to find power is doing one of the one of the big three, one of the the big three lifts, the the deadlift, squat, and bench. And definitely amazing feeds, but what's the difference between strength and power for our listeners out there? So whatever we look at the definitions, strength is the ability to create or increase internal tension to overcome an external force. We would look at this in terms of you in proof, strength, increase strength by increasing motor unit recruitment motor unit synchronization. So we're teaching the muscle to be able to recruit more muscle fibers quicker. So that's going to be your strength. However, whatever we look at power, this is going to relate more to rate of force production. The two are definitely related, but power you can think of it as being more speed of movement, rate of force production, where strength is going to be more of that, the one time production of force is if that makes sense. And one of the important things to look at with power and Rondian talked a little bit earlier about some super sets, and also what is a little talk there about the the periodization. It's important to understand that the human organism is breakable. Where a adaptable organism, we will adapt to the stresses that are placed on us. Whenever we look at something like the supersets that are used there in power training. So we would super set a strip exercise with the power exercise. We combine mass and acceleration and that gives us this total increase in force production. So we see that the two, while their definitions are different, they definitely are interrelated and will relate to that overall force production in and performance. Okay, thank you for that. So now let's move on and talk a little bit about again, because for those of you seeing me, that's all I talk about is corrective exercise. But really, what corrective exercise is and why this is important for performance is what we want to get down to is building targeted warm-up and strength exercises, targeted flexibility and strength exercises so that the athlete can in a sense when we as we're talking about Olympic weightlifting or any sport, work on their mechanics to better express their potential. So Kyle, you're the editor, you're the master reviewer for CSC. Let's dive into corrective exercise and take us through what it is, what it isn't, and those four steps in that process. Sure, for sure. And a princess is seems like each time you add on another layer. So this time it was master reviewer. And I think Timber actually moving further and further away from the actual truth. But you swear here about fishing stories. So when we look at the definition here, the process of identifying neural muscle skeletal dysfunction, developing a plan of action and implementing corrective strategy. One of the things about that definition for corrective exercise that I think is really important to understand is it describes corrective exercise as a process. It is not one particular exercise or it is not one particular set of roots of exercises that are corrective exercises. It's that entire process. You must implement an assessment to try to identify the root cause or what is the, maybe the primary impairment cause of muscle analysis. And then we must develop a plan of action. That's going to be your program design. And we can see down there a set of design, an execute. And then you must properly execute those exercises that you design. And we need to think of it as that process. And with that it fits into into a lot of different aspects of a training program. The, what if we look at the four steps over here. So inhibit lengthen, activate, and integrate. So this is going to come. This is our programming strategy. So we use our assessments to identify the muscles that are mechanically short or overactive. And sometimes, you know, those terms can, we can have some loose definitions or interpretations of those terms. They can mean different things. However, we would identify what is, what is short, what's causing the impairment. And then we're going to inhibit that. So our first step is going to use a myophageal intervention or myophageal technique. There's a lot of different research as far as this is concerned as well. We call it inhibit. However, whenever we look at the research, there's some different information there. One of the things that I think is important to understand with the research is, there's not really one specific method that is replicated. So it's really difficult to know exactly what we're doing. So these are, we have some good evidence, but we really haven't gone into the depth of the studies to really be able to identify these exact changes from, from, from, from rolling. Anyway, we're going to think of that as trying to reduce tension and mobilize step tissue. And then we move to lengthened. So this is going to be a different types of stretching. We frequently use static stretching. And static stretching, all we're trying to do is increase tissue or that stretched tolerance. So it's something where it takes place over time. It works with the nervous system. And we slowly improve the ability of those muscles to demonstrate their full extensibility. I want you to think of those two as being mobility strategies. And we're going to apply those to the muscles that are short on one side of the joint. On the other side of the joint, we have to activate or we have to re-excite or upregulate the muscles that aren't really doing their job. And this is where we see the activate. And this is going to be isolated strengthening. One of the things with these activated exercise is, or isolated strengthening. We know that the body works in functional force couples, not in isolation. However, we can put somebody in a position. We can use a specific technique or strategy to emphasize one particular part of a muscle. And it's basically just trying to wake it up. We're just trying to get it to wake up. So we've lengthened one side of the joint. We've activated the other side of the joint. And that last step, number four, this is going to be entering. Think of this re-teaching a pattern, motor control, motor learning. So what we're trying to do here is teach the nervous system what to do with that new found mobility and that new found strength. So that's a few points on the corrective exercise. Continue, I could keep going. But maybe I'll save some stuff for the other webinar. And I know that we're going to get into this today. But this is where the link is and Kyle brought up at good point. You have to follow the process into end to get the benefits of it. And you'll see, you'll learn later from Rodney, some integration techniques that are taken from Olympic weightlifting that fit nicely into the corrective exercise model. When we're reeducating athletes, movement patterns, it's going to be there maybe general skills. But if we're working with athletes, it's going to be specific to that skill. In this case, Olympic weightlifting. So now Rodney can tell us a little more about a Laco. How does company can be? And it's contribution to sport. You see, this is a phenomenal story. So when I got to Raleigh, I went on a herd about this. This is great. So first off, the company of Laco has been around for a long time. Almost a century now, but from an athletic standpoint, the world-by-lead earned weightlifting powerlifting, traditionally. We've been doing that for about 60 years now. So the company way back in the early 1900s started originally as a legural appliance company. So the name of Laco was really electrical installation company. That's the L-A, the I, the Co. So that's where it came from. And they did all kinds of appliances and one of them was happened to be a wall-hawler, which makes great profits. By the way, so an unobritishy-love waffle. So that's how it was a good thing. So yes. In 1957, one of the workers was a weightlifter. And when we say weightlifting, we're talking about Olympic lifting, weightlifting, Olympic lifting, or kind of salons. And when this person was involved in competitions, the bars were always great. So he went to the company and said, hey, what if we make a bar out of Swedish, the company is a Swedish company that our headquarters is in Sweden, home studs Sweden, which is absolutely beautiful. And so they made a bar. And an interesting side note is the neuraly pattern for the little patterns that you see on the bar for grip. That actually was came from the design of the waffle. So they took that waffle iron pattern and they turned that into the actual neuraly, which is called the, the one which is the gripping on the bar. So we created this Swedish steel bar and Swedish steel is a extremely strong steel. And in 1963, this bar was in one of the competitions. And it was the first bar that ever utilized in a competition without breaking. So all of a sudden, we became a well-known commodity in a very sought-after commodity. Then in 1969, in the company, somebody decided that, what if we took a bicycle tire and wrapped it around the weight itself so we could drop it. And it wouldn't make lots of noise and or break and or create any type of destruction. So that was the first, in the beginning of the bumper plate in 1969. Since then, we've gone on to do many things. We're certified in the IWF, which is in a natural weight of the Federation, the IAPF, which is in a natural power lifting. And also very important to WPPO, which is the world-parer. Powerlifting organizations. So that's for the pair of athletes and pair of lipids. We've had more than a thousand world records on our label barbos. You'll see them predominantly, lots of world championships and most of the world championships, as well as maybe Olympic games and pair Olympic games. So that's kind of the background just real simplistically of it was as been sought after and utilized in the world of weightlifting powerlifting and strength conditioning. Yeah. And this, this thank you for mentioning that Rodney and this actually ties together. My love of bars, Nike shoes and and Waffles. They all came from the waffle iron. So I mean, good company. So Rodney, can you, can you continue on and tell us about the history of Olympic weightlifting? Yeah. So weightlifting and lifting of weights has been around for a long time for centuries. The weightlifting first appeared in the Olympic sport in the Olympics in 1896, but it was kind of just a hot pod because it really organized and bounced back in in 1904 and then it took some time off. We had more of one and then it was formally in Olympics for in 1920. And at the time it used both one hand as you can see in that top left-hand corner picture, it used one handed as well as two handed lifts. So they had a one-handed clean-user, they had one hand snatched and then they had the two handed versions as well. They had a clean and press back and from 1928, when they started, we actually dropped one handed lifts in 1928. A totally specific reason why they were dropped, it only speculated. I don't have that specific information. But in from 1928 to 1972, they had three primary lifts. There was a clean and press which if you've ever seen people been really far backward, I've seen that's the clean so they would pick the bar up, they did it to their shoulders and then they would push it over head and then they had the snatched and then the clean and jerk. The clean and jerk's more explosively if to get the bar over head. In 1972, they dropped the clean and press and so we were left with a two primary lifts that we now hear about a lot, that's the clean and jerk in the snatch. So the two primary and lipid lifts, clean and jerk in snatch are typically what we say are the weight lifting, the weight lifting, the lift of the Olympics. Okay, that's great and then can you tell us especially those those of us who are novices or just completely new to these types of lifts, what are the differences between the snatch and the clean and jerk? Yeah, so on the next slide we'll show you a couple of pictures and you'll see the top one is the snatch. So the snatch is basically both the snatch and the clean and jerk are way to get the bar delph on the ground to overhead. In the snatch we do one particular motion. So in the snatch there's a there's a typically a wider grip, slightly different starting position when you're coming from the floor and then you'll go from the ground and you'll come all the way up overhead in one one movement. The clean and jerk, you'll see in the bottom picture they'll rack it to the shoulder and then they'll stand up with that weight depending on how you do it and then from there they'll do a jerk which is more of an explosive district fires a knee-bain and then it's a dipping under the bar and and pressing it overhead and that's the difference. Two movements versus one movement and that's the the Olympic versions of that that's the full version. Now the caveat I want to bring into that is that for the health and fitness world are for you know a lot of strength conditioning if you look at a lot of universities high schools a lot of people won't do the full still do a power snatch or a power or they'll do a hang version whether it's a hang power snatch or a hang clean or a so they'll break in a lot of people will just do the clean they won't do the jerk. So there's a whole body and the way is that we use those and we don't have to use in this case these are Olympic lifts and Olympic lifters we don't have to use max loads and we don't have to use the full the full lift itself if we don't need to and if the person can't actually do that we'll just how that's what's relating into the corrective exercise. So yeah on the next slide what we want to do is take a look at those positions that you were talking about and just just a little story I when I started Olympic weight lifting a while ago in my coach who was from honestly from the former Soviet Union told me that I was going to be worthless as an Olympic weight lifters so he only allowed me to hang and do power exercises so can you go over these movements and wear it and which type of lifted they all benefit yeah so first off the Olympic lifts or the these Olympic stylus have benefit for any and everybody when you get the person to do it at their level they teach coordination they teach balance they provide strength and they provide power all of those are attributes that everyone needs so when when we're talking about this and those are your little listening if you're a weight lifter or if you're an Olympic lifter you're a competition person you know the value of those you don't have to partner if you're not don't want you to be afraid of them one of the things that a label that we want people to do is it's not be afraid or intimidated by the Olympic lifts or but realize that there's a continuum that you can learn on and if you decide that you want to get into competition then there's obviously a lot more learn but if you just want to learn the basics and learn some very powerful unintended exercises then these are excellent so here we have essentially three different starting positions or places that you can begin the movement from so when you do an Olympic lift or you're doing competition you have to start from the floor so the floor is taking you take that bar from there and either rockets you shoulder for a clean and then go from there above for the dirt or you go from one motion up overhead for the snatch but you can also start at the knee and a lot of times just a call kind of a hang position so just above the knee you can do the same thing so it just takes out one component of that and then you're going to also start and do stuff from the hip and so at each and each things are each starting position there are different actions that will break these down into so you can see and then we'll do that on the next slide so realize that you don't have to start from the floor if you don't want to you can start from the knee or the hip and then the way we teach it a lego is we'll teach it top down so people go bottom up there's nothing wrong with that we teach it top down so we'll teach everything from the hip so we have a a very simple system of stance, grip and position. Looking at the stance is going to be your feet about hip width and your toes may or may not be slightly turned out to pin on who you are usually if you're going to go into a twin explosive jump a lot of times your toes will turn out and that's going to help the hips get into the position that they need the grip is going to be a wider grip as you mentioned about because the snatch is going to go up overhead in one position it's going to be hard to take the bar from here and bring it up when the hands are really close to the hand position is a lot wider and you want to make sure that the knuckles are down a lot of times people keep in psychotrull if your throttle is back it's going to be hard to get control of the bar and it's hard for for the pulling aspect of it and then the position like I said floor knee or hip is where you can start so that's to be getting so they're with each of these there are different actions that occur so the snatch and the clean and the lardies and actions it's just how we finish that looks slightly different so that first picture either and by the way that's Patrick normal he's our military education person and that's that's given to props to him and also get props to Lauren Hizer shoes on our education team education manager and she's actually done competitive weightlifting so she's stronger than than uh he and I put together but in the snatch and then we'll get to the clean in a second but in that when we have our stance position once you get set up and you have your stance grip and position where you're going to start from now there's different phases of the lift that you can you can start working on so you don't have to do the whole thing at one time one of the smartest ways is to learn which phase and kind of master the phase is so you can sequentially build into it that first when we call it a dry shrub a lot of people will just call it a pull sometimes that's called the second pull and so that's just a pull and basically just they give it is going into triplet extension and just popping shoulders up like a shrub it's like a shrub you know with triplet extension you can see that he goes on that was toes there and then from that you go into a high pull and that's where the elbows come out so we're getting the bar set in a position and then we pull under and that's where you're going to start to actually pull yourself onto the bar not necessarily pull the bar up and then the last one is bit the catch and so the clean and then you'll stand up the bar that's the snatch so it's just coming all the way up and then you stand the clean and the jerk be very very similar so you still have the hip width you have this slightly the grip is just going to be close so it's going to be just outside your thighs or shins depending on where you're starting and then you're going to happen not goes down and again you can start from that now you also go to see if you have the shoulders packed or engaged and they're over the bar and we say the shoulders are packed and gauges means that when you're holding the bar you're actually engaging your let's just keep it simple you're engaging your latch you're keeping the shoulder back and down so you're not shrugging up or you're not hunch forward and that's just an indication to keep people or a way to help them understand that I need to be actively involved with the bar that's one of the things that people do is I'll just grab the bar and start to move instead of getting set we call it respecting the bar or respecting the lift same right drive you have the drive there the first one which is just kind of rubbing and then you have the high pull and then you're going to get into the pull under then the catch remember the cleaning you're going to catch here the snatch you catch overhead and then from there you have the jerk which is going to go overhead it's that's simplistically the actions that you'll see based upon your stance grip position of the real quick comment if you don't mind the and I may be I may be butchering this this quote here but I heard Dr. Stu McGill one time talking about if you don't know who he is I would say he's one of the for those of you listening I know Rodney knows but the he's arguably one of the leading lowback researchers of our time and incredibly dynamic speaker so I would encourage it to read his information and and look up anything you can of his but anyway he talks about lifting and he says I believe he was talking specifically about the snatch and he says one of the things that separates the elite is their ability to in how quickly they can relax to drop underneath the bar but then also the confidence they have to be able to relax and drop underneath the bar so it kind of goes to what you're saying about kind of that that that that hangs were almost pulling yourself under the bar but I just thought that was a unique perspective so we're talking about this next slide the so those lifts require a lot of strength a lot of flexibility a lot of balance and stability and they're a lot of areas for this to potentially break down for the athlete so Rodney and then Kyle follow up let's talk about this needs analysis of what what an athlete would need to successfully perform perform these two lifts yes to to that point I mean that's a webinar itself so there is a lot that goes into that but in essence you need to have the ability from from the angle up I mean you can think of this that it's never changed checkpoints so any time when you you understand the checkpoints just go from angle all the way up to to sort of find and you know that you you need to have doors to flex in any time we're going to be bending or sliding in a position you need to have a certain amount of doors of production there also needs to be planar flexing a lot of people forget about that part because you have to be able to get into a planar flex position to set up the the other phases to because you're exploding you're basically doing almost like a vertical jump that type of chip extension because you want to chip like skin and not position so you need hit flexion and extension and a lot of times we always think now I need to have hit six and hip extension but you gotta be able to have hit flexion to get into the right positions so you can grab it and so we saw earlier when we were in the floor position you gotta have pretty good hit flexion to be able to get down to that to match where the doors is watching it. The brass expine extension because both of them if you do the jerk after the clean they're going to be overhead at least but even if you don't to do a front squat and you get the elbows through and to be able to rest there you need to have brass expine mobility and stability you have to have the ability to extend to the grass expine that takes the pressure off the shoulder hurdles and then through the shoulder you gotta be able to elevate and then you have to abduct and extra will rotate whether it's abduct and extra will rotate here or abduct and extra will rotate here so that's really important and oftentimes any one of those can be a limiting factor and that's the perfect that's the whole reason for how to see ES process to find out where are you in the starting position and what looking the best things for you to begin working on to gain the strength of balance of coordination and the power to progress up and become better and even stronger and most capabilities particularly lifts. So that thank you for that Rodney and my Spyder sense is telling me that we are going to get a question later during Q&A about foot position. Can you talk about that? You mentioned it. Can you talk about that just a little bit more about how your foot position influences the different lifts and also different segments different derivatives of each lift? Yes so in simplicity a lot of times in the snatch because of the difference of the snatch for most people. Sometimes the feet will end up being wider because you're in a squat position with your hands overhead so those of you that do an overhead squat that's not always the easiest but if you have weight that's overhead and you're squatting down a lot of times the stance is going to need to be wider than having a narrow hip width stance so you can start hip width but once you get up and you come usually there's kind of that hop that pull under where the bars from here you're actually pulling but it's going from you're dropping you're basically dropping down from an extended trip-lix-ended position down and a lot of times the feet will sit in this position and allow you to sit down. When you turn the feet out the object is just to keep the knees tracking over the feet because that will help the hips open up and allow you to get into a lower position so you can have a safer squat that'll take pressure off of the thoracic spine all the way up and the shoulder girdle because if the hips can't move properly you guys know from any Sam's standpoint through all the kinetic chain if I can't get my hips to move I'm going to have to have compensations somewhere else and so that's where people will do that especially as you get into heavier lifts so you keep the body in a safe and a sound of the position to ensure that you have proper stability and mobility and you're not putting too much pressure on the one specific area a lot of times I'm going to be in the shoulder girdles with us from the blunt to the so by the position is kind of an assessor in the clean a lot of times depending on who you are the key to stay a little bit straighter because when you go into that front squat position you don't have to get super wide depending on your strength and depending on your levers and the lengths and everything of that nature so that's the the general basis for why the foot position may change and that's about as simple as you can keep it okay now I'm sure there there may be people listening who's a portal of entry into fitness started strictly within ASM and I've always told people I've worked with that having that having that turn out necessary to achieve the skill in a lift is okay provided that your other training your other training allows you to or you have some programming in there with your foot pointing straight ahead Kyle what are your thoughts what are your thoughts about that yeah absolutely agree and that's one of the one of the reasons the the both there says necessity of variants you know it's really important don't understand like we talked about earlier and I mentioned as well the where in adaptable organism we're designed to move in a lot of different positions we're designed to a lot of different things and we need to or there's nothing wrong with training a little bit in all those different positions however whenever we well one of those positions includes the feet straight so oftentimes think it's funny whenever people will listen to me say that and agree however whenever we try to ask them to squat with your feet straight then they have an argument or excuse us to why they don't need to do that we should be able to do all of that and maybe even some toe turned in or type type position so it really just just depends on what it is you need to do however you have to be able to do them all you can't really dominate one so whatever we look at our assessment process well this part of the reason but yes the process we will encourage people to keep their feet straight that is for a couple reasons aid that mimics a lot of the functional movements that we look at so whenever you're walking when you're running whenever you're climbing stairs going downstairs ideally we want our feet to be straight the other thing whenever we look at ankle mechanics so in order to assess saginal playing motion through that taller pro joint we need to squat with the feet relative straight there may be a small amount of turnout up to about five to seven degrees but relatively speaking that's very little turnout and the other thing is as a corrective exercise specialist or coach or anybody designing a program I have to have a standardized process and I can allow people to put their feet on these different positions for the assessment process so if you start with the feet straight and you reassess with the feet straight each time then you have that you have that system you have that standardization standardization and the other thing I wanted to highlight is Rodney specifically said you gave a few options but you started off talking about how whenever you catch it the feet go out so that's one of those it makes perfect sense you increase your base of support you want to keep the alignment of the spine in that position especially if it's a lot of weight you may vary your foot position and that's perfectly acceptable okay thank you for that and let's stay with you doctor doctor stall the man who wrote the book on foam rollies now we want to start to draw the conclude or make the connection why why corrective exercise what is going on we talked about a lot of a lift with a lot of different timing and complexity why corrective exercise why do we need this so this slide right here what we're really trying to do is get the body to coordinate everything together if we want to have optimal function working through this backwards if we want to have that optimal movement we have to have proper coordination proper control that's going to be the neural muscular control so the nervous system speaking with the muscular system in order to have that we have to have the optimal or close to ideal skeletal alignment and those break up into the three different divisions so we have the muscular system the nervous system and the skeletal system whatever we look at that muscular system the the length tension relationships in order for a muscle to produce produce force reduce force with these intricate contractions and stabilize joints we have to have this ideal length tension relationship and it's really going to be looking at posture and that's where we'll start to get into our assessments with that that ideal length tension relationship then the nervous system can recruit the muscle it needs to recruit for that optimal performance the where master master compensators and the body will find a way to get from point A to point B whether or not it is it is leading to some sort of joint deterioration or something in the long run and whenever we look at force couple relationships that's the the nervous system knowing winter recruit which muscle to produce that that nice clean optimal optimal movement in our particular system that's going to be the skeletal system that's going to be your joint position and there's a slide that comes up in a little bit where we'll go over this again but if the joint's not in the optimal position that it's going to influence the proprioception of the joint which is going to influence the ability of all those muscles around the joint to do their job so that's what corrective is going to do we're going to try to to bring somebody back into it as close to a normal alignment as we can we're not seeking perfection but we are seeking progress we're going to try to bring them back into that normal alignment so that way we can fire the muscles we can stabilize the joints and we can keep that coordination balance. All right thank you for that thank you for that explanation and this is this is where it makes the connection we want to we want to have a great range of motion through the joints stability we want to have those force couple relationships so all the muscles know what they're doing in their firing sequence and we want to be able to do this throughout the kinetic chain with a nice coordinated movement so let's continue with you Kyle and let's talk about the this is something new to the CES and this is our assessment flow can you take us through this and now this is going to fit the lifter. Yeah so a new it's newly presented with an infographic but it's really not new it's been in the text for a few months the beginning of time but we did put some some nice little little graphics in there the what are we looking at the assessment flow so we thought of this as you know thinking of assessments as an if then if we see if and if then that goes all the way back to you know our computers communicate no that type of fun stuff too if we see this then we're going to do this if we don't see this then we don't do that maybe we go do something over here and what we're trying to do is stream our process of the assessments because we see especially in newer fitness professionals this this just becomes a whole lot of information that they gather from their athletes yet they don't know what to do about it so then it's that paralysis analysis and essentially becomes a waste of the client's time because they perform these assessments yet there's no strategies for execution so client intake as the name implies there we have to interview our clients and athletes we have to figure out their goals and all that stuff getting more to the next step there static postural assessment so the first thing we're going to do is take a look at how they stay and what's their static posture this more often than not is going to be representation of their habits and it will give us a lot of information but what they do throughout the day however static posture doesn't always mean that they're going to have poor movement or movement faults so after we take that inventory of that static posture we then have to look at the movement so we have our transitional assessments overhead squat and the the modifications of the overhead squat I'm not going to go through this in a ton of detail unless we have questions but we use our modifications to try to narrow the we want to try to figure out what is going to be or what is a potential primary cause of the compensation and our two modifications are going to be elevated hills which does a couple things it takes the calves out the equation and shifts center of gravity which can improve the squat and the other modification is going to be hands on the hips so what we would do is take a look at that overhead squat go through the modifications and we would use that to pick our next step next step being maybe we go down to those mobility assessments because they demonstrated movement compensations or if they didn't demonstrate any movement compensations then we can go to a single leg squat or the split squat split squat can be used if somebody's not comfortable on a single leg or if we look at some of these some of these movements here they could be applicable to your you're trading for for lifting if they do well in those assessments then we have two options there we have dynamic assessments and these are going to be things like the the the less test tuck jump things of those nature the day these tests for upper extremity stability and control and then we also can take them to loaded assessments and that can be this can be another great opportunity to fit in some of these Olympic lifts but because we're going to look to see if the athlete can maintain that stability and support while under load and then we're going to use that information to design our program and hopefully the goal is we spin the time up up front here to really do the investigation and then we can design very effective and efficient corrective exercise programs that ideally don't take up that much time we're looking at 10 to 15 minutes as long as we do this up front information the way we're supposed to okay and as we go forward I'm going to brought up a point and I want to tie that into our needs analysis with earlier we talked about where technique may break down and where athletes are going to need a little more help to help us dial down and really make this corrective exercise program unique for them can you explain what's going on here in some of these mobility assessments and what we want to what information we want to get out of there yeah so you can kind of think of these as being the primary primary three if you will so in the text we have several but on that first picture on the top left that's a real quick door selection test so we're using the weight bearing lunge test there all these tests as well you just use your eyeball the eyeballs a great pattern recognizer so we just look at the quality of the motion would look for symmetry we want to make sure that you know both sides are moving the same or as great cooks as if one side is tight and the other side isn't or both sides are tight I'm sorry then you're just slow and if one side is not tight then you may rip yourself in half I think it's a little exaggeration but she gets the point so the top left there we're looking at ankle door selection weight bearing lunge test that one below so that's a modified Thomas test and here we're actually looking at it's primarily hip extension so what we would be doing is that leg that's coming up to the gentleman's chest there you grab the knee and pull that all the way in and that induces a posterior pelvic tilt and then that down leg we're looking to see if that can stay in a nice neutral extended position and if we see compensations in these so that weight bearing lunge test the athlete can't reach the knee all the way to the wall while maintaining it in proper alignment in a neutral position of the foot or while in that supine position we see that that down leg extend up then that's going to tell us that we need to implement some mobility strategy so that's going to be our step one and step two where we would inhibit those mouth-hashed tissues and then we would try to to perform some lengthening techniques there as well moving on the one for the body so the gentleman there is doing standing shoulder flexion so this is looking at gleno-cumeral flexion but we're also looking at thoracic extension to be able to get into that motion the one next to that we're looking at the we're looking at internal external rotation from an ab ducted position so there we're looking at a couple things we're looking at those internal rotators ability to lengthen but one of the things I think a lot of people miss with an external rotation test too is we're also assessing the ability of that scapular to demonstrate some posterior which is going to be a nice stable scapular position like Ronny said that's going to help us with our that shoulder packed position also looking for internal rotation there and that's going to be important through that lift going through that that that upper type of emotion here if we can't demonstrate internal rotation then we're probably pulling into a into a position here we're doing something to the the subocomial tissues or some other things in the gleno-cumeral joint and apprentice to that a couple things I'd like to point out relative to the the weightlips is when you're doing that modified Thomas test you can have that person bring their knee up without hands to start and you can see which knee or if there's symmetry in both knees may they'll come up in the flexion before they grab it they once they grab it does it's still have the ability to come to the same level in his flexion so you can actually do hip flexion and extension using that same test if that may sense so I can have someone without grabbing it just bring their knee towards their chest how far does that go on both sides because it equalers a is a has a symmetry in it you know not trying to say that and then when they grab it and pull it can it's still do they both still come up and have the same amount of motion because you'll find that sometimes that will be a limiting factor as well and then when you're doing the shoulder flexion test have them keep their elbows locked because a lot of people will come up but they'll like start to bend their elbows and they'll come up and they can come up there but as soon as you straighten that arm it's all a whole different world so use use those two little variances as ways as you can make it a little bit more specific to what you'd be doing in the lifts and it's real quick if you don't mind me asking a question here kind of selfishly whenever we do these the shoulder flexion test we would generally say about shoulder width with our hands because we want to check that sagible plain motion and then go that over here we're enjoying would you do the same for a lift or would you have them go a bit wider if it relates more to their the the points oh because typically in the jerk if you're coming from here you're usually about shoulder width with your hands and you're going to bounce that up when you're in a snap you're going to be in a wider bit so you can have them come up in a wider grip and you can have them come up in a narrow grip and just just to be a little bit more specific I would have palms facing because that's how they're going to be if they're holding the bar a lot of people go neutral and that takes just a little less tension out of the system so you achieve a little bit okay that is all great stuff so what I want to let everyone know out there is we're going to take you through a couple of case studies on our next webinar which is coming up Friday at the same time but if we look at the next slide can you take just taking the the shoulder rotation case can you take us a Kyle through the first three the first three steps in the corrective process and then Rodney could you share with us some integration techniques that you may use from the Olympic weight lifting toolbox yeah so on the on the first three they're one thing to understand a lot of times corrective exercise whenever people think about it they picture you know a lot of a lot of a lot of things maybe maybe a lot of balance exercises both suit and all those implement some tools have there had their place but corrective exercise can be incredibly specific to what it is you need your your plight or athlete to do so put these down here as examples but it's really important to find a handful of exercises that work well so the first one there in that inhibits so we're doing a little thoracic spine rolling one of the interesting things about the rolling the thoracic spine we are actually trying to get movement in the thoracic spine so that roller as you're going across there we're just encouraged a little bit of movement into those joints to try to get us a little bit of extension and more often than not this could be the client that that demonstrated a arms fall forward and they weren't able to get their hands back to the wall after we go through that the young lady there she's doing a little thoracic mobilization that's going to be our link-thending technique so with this we typically would do static stretching where you hold the end range for specified period of time but here I would encourage maybe six eight to ten reps holding the end range about one to two seconds and again there we're trying to get some motion in the thoracic spine we've identified the inability to move work stand here so we're using those four those two steps to reintroduce that that third step activation here we're going to try to bring some stability to the area now and these are primarily going to focus on those scapular stabilizers so she's doing a combo type of a motion you probably can't see but she's holding a little dow rod in between her hand and what she's going to do here is go into a press motion and then pull motion back towards her head really trying to work on getting the movement there in the in the shoulder blades in the scapula all while stabilizing the rest of the body so neutral alignment the knees ankles contraption loops core getting the movement there and the in the scapula to activate those scapular stabilizers and those are great and it's if you want to follow that up and keep it in the same kind of plane you can now simply do and go back and do an overhead squat so if you want to do a real simple thing because when we went from the ball when we thrown just kind of going over now put the hands above head whether you want to go sliding wider or slightly closer and then now go into a squat but go to where they can keep your your ideal motion because remember we want to try to reengrain or ingrain a proper neuromotor pattern not just do something to to try to do it so see what the difference is and it's also way to get kind of a reassessment what happened before I did all this now I'm going back now can I do and what does that what does it help do is remember there's a lot of overhead training and this is a great the very simple and great process to get strengthening but an integrated motion with that striking of your shoulder girdle so that's that's one thing that you can work on that would be extremely simple now all of the actions that we talked about whether it's your dry shrug or whether it's the high full all of those could be part of your integrated techniques that you could use whether you went from the hip or the power position we talked about but these some things that you can add into that that can be extremely beneficial is going to a balanced position so let's just say we started it that power of the bar okay and we just had just had a kind of a cleat a cleat grip so I'm basically outside of my hips just outside of my hips have a slight hip flex position and all I'm going to do is go into triple extension and hold my shoulders up so I'm talking shoulders up hold that what I'm balancing there so I'm making sure that the glutes are tight I'm in a triple extended position holding that up and do that for 10 reps so if you can hold that for a couple seconds and what sounds easy becomes very very difficult can I also do a high full and hold that so can I come up and do a high full and hold that same position in triple extension so you're teaching the body how to get in position so your warm up is actually becoming part of your movement progression but you're using it in an organized systematic process with this integration you can even do things from standing on your toes holding whether it's a dowel rod or a light bar here and then dropping under the bar so you can get up and hold and drop under the bar so there's a lot of things you can do because that's also working on that thoracic extension and shoulder mobility as well so just a few simple examples just to keep very basic that you start with your mouth facial and work all the way from integration and when you go through that you're now either warmed up to do your training session or you're better prepared to do some more lifting and that point should be emphasized this is the the warm up or is it is a piece of your warm up I don't think I did a very good job of about really explaining that but this is your new movement prep or whatever you want to call it right it's and I've discussed that on Friday how this is going to start being more of your your your movement and then on on Monday next Monday what has specific programs that we can show you here's some of the exercises for some examples of what that would look like and I wanted to keep back key in on again something you said you said rock Rodney this isn't organized systematized this is targeted to the athlete in front of you this isn't just like a caned run of the mill exercise that you would get in in a publication so you are using this process to flesh out the best technique for your athletes to to get them to perform better with the Olympic lifts and with that we I know we ran a little bit over today but this was this was very good information I hope all of you hung on I didn't have the hard cut these gentlemen off they were just dropping dropping a lot of knowledge today and I hope that you appreciated that right now you can start to submit your questions and while we're waiting for those questions to come in uh day you can say 35% on the new CES you can use the code webinar 20 that is a phone only code and you will call 88-773-187-2 redeem your course again that number is 88-773-182-7 to redeem your course and that code is webinar 20 also you can say 10% on a lake or a peril and equipment you will use the code n af sm that n af sm web 15 and you can redeem that www.fware.us now all right me is this is this code case sensitive yes let me repeat this the code is cap a sm lowercase web that's w e b 15 and you can go ahead and redeem your uh redeem coupon for 15 percent off of the lake over here and while we're waiting for questions Rodney let's start with you do you have any takeaways for our listeners for this webinar just a great one thank you for being part of this and now that we've set the stage Friday and next Monday we'll give more specifics on how this will work you can transition it so thank you all for this love and and thank you for sharing your uh your knowledge with us uh I'm glad we're able to do this and and Kyle do you have any uh takeaways for those who are still on with us um just just a little bit so you're going back to that O PT model just remember that it is it's very dynamic the the the the the mouth that goes into it the the science the research so it's one of those where you're skeptical because I have students that's cool just follow it for six weeks and see what uh promise you'll go you'll become addicted to it and then with the corrective exercise again just understand that it is specific to the athlete that's in front of you just like friend has said so you don't need to don't think of it as being some odd form of training it it's going to be applicable to what it is they need to do it's going to be your your flexibility it's going to be some some activation work it's your new your new warm up and I know you'll catch on that a bit more whenever we go through our next two webinars but that and thank you okay and thank you Kyle we did get a few questions uh that came in uh this one is from veto uh and I think this one may be uh for you Rocky uh he's curious uh he's curious about the thoughts behind teaching from the hip first I'm guessing uh I can only speculate that he's talking about teaching uh uh teaching the lift from the top down I hope I'm not representing you veto but uh can you go into that a little bit uh rising you know first and foremost whether you teach it top down or bottom up that's relative to you and the context of your end I know a lot of people that will go from bottom up on a different strength conditioning programs will go bottom up and either way it's okay from the top down or teaching it from the hip down we're just keeping the motion simple so they don't have to happen the full complexity that's all we're trying to do uh so it doesn't there's there's no difference there's no pre-surf it says we do one way versus the other way there's any anything that's going to be better we just want to get people used to a simple extension with the actions involved and then we progress that into more selection extension and then we get that down to the floor um so that's the only reason there there is no there is no specific it's just trying to teach them from simple tool a little bit more complex based upon the amount of movement could you debate it either way absolutely so there is there is no right or wrong amount okay thank you for that Rodney and now we have actually have a couple of questions from Joseph but I want to ask this one to you Kyle on Joseph wants to know shouldn't hip depth or angle of insertion of the for moral head into into the socket determine foot orientation it should definitely be considered the question I would have is how are you going to floor that if we if we really want to try to figure out the angle of of orientation of the female head it takes more than just a few range of motion assessments and trying to eyeball some things and that is also one of those whenever we look at the studies that have reviewed the differences in hip anatomy yes there are some people that have structural differences but it's not as spread as a lot of times we do to think of this one particular study I can't remember the author so forgive me but their conclusion was unlawful client or athlete has some sort of a pre-existing type of condition then we must assume which I know a lot of people don't like that word assume things all the time we must assume that they fall into a normal category or a normal range so it's worth considering but just just keep in mind the the way you tested is not as easy as some position it okay thank you for that and now we have a question from Justin and Justin wants to I think this is for you Rodney what advice do you have for a dinner without Olympic weightlifting experience and uh and you get a client that needs you to train them why would say go get in a course and learn and practice with yourself but and you have you here we have one of your Rodney go ahead and get some information that's that's the easiest way to do so we're we're in the process of getting our our education online so pretty soon in the next few months we'll have all of our courses online depending on where you are you can always ask to have your course have a lake of course but that's specifically what we do is we teach the trainers how to systematically and simplistically learn how to put them so you're confident but then you coach and cues on how to specific teach them and train other people to do them and and realize it kind of differences you what you're taking away message messages do not feel like you have to perform a fully lift to have any benefit or affect people who are starting if if people would just do simple components of the list and there's countless derivatives ways to train certain things whether it's coming it whether it's getting under the whether it's lifting the bar lock the floor whether it's getting through the poles if we would just start practicing those things down can I start what's the best easiest for me to start doing is it the floor or should I start at the hip and work my way down floor up it down and then just go through the actions can I first do this my first get up what's tension in the balance can I get up a triple it's so much tension in a high pool can I get up when people and then can I get under or can I get up on a high pool and catch the bar just doing that not way specifically worried about technique and form and that's the best process to build confidence in it whether it's yourself or a client and that gives them the desire to move on what happens is people will try to load it on weight because they see the Olympics can see competitors doing that and these are skill movements and so if you just keep them simple and light we can practice the skill of it that will give you the confidence to want to continue and that's what you want you want to be able to because they're great lists they're great lists for kinds of aspects the body like we said so that would be my suggestion okay great and we have time for more we ran way over but this question comes from Brian and in terms of programming in a prospective case before injury or in balances how would you program these into a weekly routine and like we talked about now this is open for both of you gentlemen what we talked about earlier this is we're taking this information and putting these exercises into the 10 or 15 minutes that you would do regular movement prep just keep in mind that these are going to be more targeted and focused and unique to the person in front of you so having said that I will let Rodney and Kyle take this away I'll start if you don't mind because I'll touch on one of the things from a corrective perspective should hopefully ideally this would be correct be a preventative process so we would still perform the assessments the the same way we would still go through that same process try to see if we can notate any sort of limitations and then we would still design a corrective strategy to try to prevent anything from happening in the future and then like Pernis just said it's going to be a short amount of time so 10 to 15 minutes we're going to do some roll-ins from stretch and some activation and then we'll be prepped and ready ready to move as far as the Olympic lifts themselves I got nothing yeah and I'll just tag on to that so that's the first of four most is the one of the easiest ways is to build some of that into the actual one of which the corrective exercise is essentially your your warm up or movement prep whatever term you use for that and that can be the integration component that works really easy which we just talked about you could do two or three integration exercises and that could be the the the beginning and that might be all you're working and then you go into a regular training session whatever so it it's going to be dependent upon one your ability level two what are you programming are you programming specifically for weight 15 are you programming for strength and conditioning or you programming for general fitness so that's that's a whole other realm then once you've done the work one up then you can specifically break it down into what are you going to be doing or are you going to be working on snatch today and is it going to be snatch with something else is it going to be snatch and then you going to do dead you're going to do something else so that's where you you can program in what's your ability level how much you're going to do how specific are you going to be doing with it and then what kind of roughest you need where where are you from a corrective standpoint so you may have great ability and doesn't but you have some correction that you need so that's there's a lot of variables that go into that particular question and then what's your ability and what's the environment or the focus of the program and some of our follow-up webinars too especially whenever we we present the templates I think the way our our little teaser the way our templates are laid out it we can really help to answer answer that question yes so thank you and again sorry for apologize for running over today this was a rea again thank you gentlemen for your knowledge and expertise this really set the table for the two upcoming webinars in which we'll dive a little bit deeper into the corrective process so that and give you some cases so that you can start thinking about how you would implement this for your client and as a co-team on the full day a week from today you will leave with templates that will show you show you how to program Olympic weightlifting corrective exercise in a way that's consistent with the OBT model so thanks again everybody for those of you who stayed on for for this hour plus and we'll see you on Friday have a great day thank you guys

=== FILE: Corrective Exercise and Olympic Weightlifting Case Studies [Hxqbf07YEtM].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to NASM Optima Online. My name is Prentice Rhodes and I'm here with Dr. Kyle Stull and Rodney Corn from Alego. We're going to continue our discussion regarding corrective exercise and limbic weightlifting. In the first webinar, hopefully we were able to make the point that what corrective exercise is is really just coming up with a targeted flexibility and strength training program for your clients so that you can help them to their goals. Help them get to their goals more efficiently, which in this case is performance in Olympic weightlifting. Now what we're going to do today is go a little bit deeper and really show you how to come up with that corrective exercise program through a couple of case studies. So let's talk a little bit more about the agenda and then we'll dive right in. We go to next slide. What we're going to do is today talk about the CES assessment flow and talk about how you kind of walk through that with your client depending on what they're showing you at each level of assessment. We're going to give you two case studies and stay until the end we'll have another giveaway so you want to hang on to get those promotion codes and I am absolutely certain these two gentlemen will be willing to answer all of your questions about corrective exercise and Olympic weightlifting. So fire away. Now gentlemen, let's start with you Robby, how are you doing today and are you doing today? All is well. Okay. And Dr. Stull, the man who actually wrote the book on self-myofacial techniques, how are you today sir? I'm doing all right and I wrote a book based a lot on the chapter that Rodney wrote back in 2001. I just looked it up today at a publication date of that in a SM, Optimal Performance Training text. Correct. Awesome and just as a reminder you can save 15% today on a lake or a parallel and equipment and you'll also be able to save 35% on the the new CES. So let's end just hang on to the end so that you can get that promotion code. And let's go let's start off with the assessment flow. Kyle, can you review for us what we did in the last webinar? What this assessment flow is and how we use this to the benefit of our clients? Absolutely. So in the assessment flow or any time we're doing assessments we need to have some sort of a process, some sort of a systematic process we call it here an assessment flow and just the word there. I want you to think of this as we're going from A to B to C or 1 to 2 to 3 and we're always using the information from one assessment or one test to inform the next assessment and the next and what we're really trying to do here is we want to value the clients time. They're paying by the hour. We can break that down and by the minute and by the second. They're paying for every minute so we don't want to take them through a barrage of test or assessments is not actually going to inform our program. So that's the reason we have the flow here. So the first thing we're going to do is intake. We need to know about their medical history. We need to know their goals. I think a lot of times whenever we're thinking about corrective exercise we get we get lost thinking that well our goal is to improve movement quality but that's usually a secondary or in some cases it's even a tertiary goal in the eyes of the client. They have something else they want to accomplish. They need to take that information in so we can we can integrate it into our program if they want to lose weight. We're going to design our programs in a manner that's going to help enhance calorie-bearing potential. So we take the client intake and after that we're just going to take a quick look at it. Like the other day their posture is typically a representation of their habits. So we're just going to take a look at their static posture. However if they have core posture when they present statically it doesn't always mean that they're going to move poorly. So then we're going to take them into the transitional assessments or the the overhead squat assessment. And here's where we start to get a little bit more picky or a little bit more detailed if you will. If we see compensations in the overhead squat assessment we're then going to move to our two modifications which we'll discuss in here a little bit today. One modification is going to be elevating the heels the other modifications is going to be placing the hands on the hips and we're going to use that to direct our guide our focus so that will help us identify what a root cause may be to their movement impairment. If we get from that overhead squat assessment if we see the compensations and we get valuable information we can design a program that could be as far as we go with the assessment process. Some clients from there we could go right into designing a program or we could skip down to those mobility assessment which is going to help us confirm what we see in the movement and also give us a more subjective data. So we can take a look at how they're moving the range of motion and then we can come back and retest that. However if they do well in the overhead squat assessment then we're going to reduce the base of support and change some things up by taking them to a single x squat assessment or a split squat assessment. Again if we see the compensations here that may be all we need to design a wonderful program or if they do well then we can take them a step further we can get to the dynamic assessments. These are going to be a bit more complex. A lot of times we're looking at more eccentric control or reduced base of support with these or and we can do a loaded assessment which we'll talk a little bit about today as well. Then again there we use an information to come back to mobility assessments if we need it and then we're going to take all the information and design our corrective program. So thank you thank you for that and if I may I want to ask you a really quick question before we dive into our first case study oftentimes our I've heard feedback that our students have the challenge with getting everything or going through these assessments and then throw in the kitchen sink at their clients. How do we just go back and touch on it? I know you had done it just touch on how we use this flow to actually take things away from their programming their warm up and actually we're using this to make their program more targeted. Can you touch on that a little more please? Okay and so as far as taking stuff away or going back to the flow of the assessment here whenever we identify what we need to identify then we can move on to the program. We don't have to keep assessing we don't have to keep testing we don't have to keep taking them through that. Sometimes athletes need specific testing and maybe there's another level but whenever we're talking about whatever the general population is that movement could inform their program and then we move on. Whenever we talk about trying to streamline their actual program we'll use these to also look at or really what we're looking at as movement quality. So if somebody does really really well at a squat or at squat then we can probably know that we could program squats and they're going to succeed in that in their program. However if we see some big compensations in the squat then we may want to try to take some of that squatting pattern out of their program just temporarily until we improve that movement quality but there we could still work on a hinge pattern we could still work on things for the lower extremity. So that's one way we could use this to try to streamline the actual program. Again if we have a client or an athlete they can't get their arms overhead we probably wouldn't program a lot of stuff with arms overhead or if they have great shoulder mobility then we could get away with doing a little bit more upper body focused stuff perhaps. Not exactly sure if that was your question. That answers that question perfectly. Thank you for that explanation and before we move on to the next slide just so that we give every one and review Rodney we have all of those kinetic chain checkpoints listed on the other half of the slide. Can you tell us just go over really quickly why are we looking at this for the purposes of Olympic weightlifting what do people need to be what do people need to perform these techniques to perform these techniques? Well in essence when we're looking at from an in a sense standpoint when you look back and having a part of the onset of this hundred years ago this is all about no muscular efficiency is Cal talk to you looking at movements to see how well is this person going and when we look at we realize that we needed to have a quick and easy process to scan the body and people when we first started we didn't have to check points when this first came out in 2000 there weren't these checkpoints so these these are all because we realized that we needed to have a flow for people to actually look at the person so let's start a foot and work our way up was the easiest way I know people who go from top down so but from this particular standpoint what we want to do is want to make sure that we're looking at joints and looking at the movement up the joint relative to its its limbs or the you the bonus structure so that goes this is what we call arthur kinematics versus osteok kinematics and people have heard that term osteo's bone arthritis joints so we're looking at how things move so basically from that we're able to see what the alignment of that is relative to where it could or should be and what's the control so what's the normal circuit and trococability of the body when we're going through these particular movements so the body especially in total motions when you scan this you're able to quickly see hey this looks like it's in uh go to alignment it's maintaining its control while we go through the motion or there's a deviation that's occurring and when we get deviation oftentimes that's an indication that perhaps there's a dysfunction why that dysfunction is coming is what we want to investigate so this just lets us know here's where things are going to be working more optimal and this goes back to the length tension relationships that we talked about because we want to make sure that there's length tension relationships and there's the proper arthur kinematics of joint motions that are going to be sending from that. As I said simple process to specifically scan whether you're doing a squat whether you're doing a full clean whether you're doing a jerk whether you're doing a snatch or whether you're doing any particular motion you can still watch these patterns because it's going to indicate where there may be a breakdown in the the kinetic link in the Well okay and without further ado we're going to talk about James now and we have James here who is 38 years old he's had right children surgery two years ago but he's fully rehab so he's a candidate for a trainer fitness professional to work with him he doesn't have specific athletic goals but he's looking for strength and he's interested in Olympic weightlifting I've met a few people like James in my time so Kyle why don't you take us through how you would work with James as your client definitely sorry my computer is is bringing stuff up on the screen to where I can no longer see what's happening there we go so so here we are we have James and just like Brennan said he had right shoulder surgery he's fully rehab one of the reasons we put that in here is we're going to use that to kind of expand on a few of his assessments that he goes through in this process but just like we looked at with the assessment flow we're going to use this as our client intake all be it it is it is a bit brief and then if we can go to the next slide so the first thing we're going to do looking at the left and this is just following that flow we're going to take a look at his static posture if we look at the the static posture and I'm sure we could get we couldn't really pick you with some things that we see we're just looking at a lateral view here but if we were to look at his foot his ankle his knee his hips up into the shoulder all the way up into his cervical spine he looks relatively well aligned he looks like he may be a bit immediately rotated in in the hands in turn the rotate there with the in the glenofium role joint perhaps but I often tell people if you ever ever heard a half to write a letter home to his family is there anything that jumps out at you here that you really need to let them know about and looking at that static posture I think he actually looks pretty good some different views may may give us some different information about his feet and such forward to look at shift in the hip or shift in the shoulder or anything there but lateral view from that static posture with the exception of immediately rotate your hands I think it looks pretty good there we are going to take that into a movement pattern so we're going to look at that look at the squat and I don't think we've talked about it but I think I guess to me I feel like people maybe assume or know why we use the squat we use the squat because it's a total body movement we're looking at range motion of the ankle that knee the hip we're looking at the the neuromusketer's efficiency, the neuromusketer efficiency or the stability of the Wimbledon hip complex holding the arms overhead looks at several things we're looking at the the sacral plane motion of the glenofium role joint but also let's scap little thoracic joint and beyond that whenever we make somebody do this for few reps we're also looking at the scapular stability because we have a lot of muscles that have to maintain that that position of the scapula during the movement now looking at this here one of the things with the overhead squat assessment we use a dichotomous scoring system so it's a yes or a no and I often tell my students that I was a great note back at her I was working with more clients so I would usually use a little plus or minus or something to indicate whether something it was maybe a slight compensation or a peer to be a bit more severe so we could possibly use that here but really what we're looking at is does he compensate or does he not and it's one of those where we we can't really get lost in the details if you're sitting there having to figure out what I can't really tell exactly these lines of how everything looks then perhaps you're over thinking it and we just need to go back with these he's not compensating and keep in mind we have additional assessments that will come up and we will catch those compensations later if it is indeed an actual compensation so anyway looking at that overhead squat assessment what we could identify here would be a little bit of an excess afford lean but thinking back to kind of following a shoulder approach with this look at that great flexion he has there of the of an advantage you're real joint the it looks like he's getting the extension he needs for that movement and is thoracic spine so upper body there looks pretty good maybe just slight excessive forward lean which we we could test a little bit further forward to see what we identify moving on to that next one there really what we would say here is since he you can go back to the other slide actually since he's able to get his arms overhead and his squat looks pretty good we could potentially move forward with our programming there unless we were going to explore that excessive afford lean a little bit but he's he's demonstrating the the capacity to hold his arms in that flex position overhead for a series of a few reps so we wouldn't have to move to that additional shoulder those shoulder tests that we have up there if in this picture James if his arms were to fall forward into that that arms fall forward motion or if he was demonstrating an arch and his low back to get up there or if we were looking at this from an interior view if we saw a bend in the in the arm or perhaps some elevation of the shoulders then that would be our information to move forward with those additional shoulder mobility test so we see their shoulder flexion he's testing up against the just checking that range of motion we're looking for limitations compensation we're also looking for symmetry on his right left side that middle picture there of the shoulder test we're doing internal rotation internal rotation is incredibly important which Roni can probably touch on especially for weight lifting we need a good bit of internal rotation and a lot of times what we're testing here is really the the back part of the the capsule so we're looking at that capsule mobility there in that posterior aspect and then that other picture there we're looking at that little tumour roll external rotation looking for about 90 degrees there or getting close to touch on the back of the arm or the hand to the wall and again if we look at this from a weight lifting perspective those are very applicable to the movement he's going to have to perform so that would be a great series of tests to tell us a lot about how James upper body here is is functioning overall okay so let's take a look at let's take a look at the next slide so we're assuming now that everything you identified that everything looks pretty good with him there's nothing really to speak of regardless of shoulder mobility instability so now we want to move forward into the loaded assessment so what are we doing what are we doing here why did we choose these movements and how do we how do we take our client through this test let's ask you Rodney since well such an a look at the loaded we just want to see as Kyle went through when he's unloaded and when it's just his body weight and and open space he looks fairly good it looks like he's moving fairly good without giving forward in the piggy so now if that's okay if that's the case then let's see what happens when we just put a little bit of love because we wanted to do it's fine out under force whether to speed or load what's actually going to happen with that particular person is something going to change or something going up here and so here we obviously have a a fairly light load it's not real heavy but we just want to take a few a couple of motions now the high pull goes back to your internal rotation we talked about so when I do that and especially looking at shoulder can I see anything happen differently and we know that the error right shoulder situation can I say anything different between is right and left shoulder yes or no is there anything that's changing you know to see able to move that do I see a trap dominance so it was there be a difference in right trap dominance versus left trap dominance which may indicate that potentially the trap is overactive and there may be other components in this shoulder girdle that may not be working as effectively as need to be and just see if if they're not one from a range of motion standpoint what's the height and then also from compensation are there any compensations that are occurring and then we want to see is there fatigue factor going on so if we're going to do 10 to 12 repetitions does one side start with fatigue versus the other side because those will be indications at yes that directional or is good to go or know that directional or maybe a little bit more work so we want to be careful what we do going into kids program and so that would then specifically lead to what we want to be effective standpoint overhead press is just the same thing so we want to look at exactly what we were doing with the overhead squat only now he's he's loaded so as he goes up is there a symmetry between both sides yes you know is there any compensation again is there a type of trap compensation is our both arms fairly equal and relative to the head or we get into deviation ones moving outside and and or is not able to lock out on one side as you have to stay down or kind of been the elbow because that could be an indication that there is some type of neuromuscular inefficiency going on so that's the reason to put those on the load and the reason why we do that because a lot of weight that you will include overhead lifts and will include that high promotion in order to get into catch position. Okay great thank you for that and just one quick question can you explain to us again what what the rationale is for using a 5% body weight as the testing weight for these two just a lower percentage and just so it's relative to the person's body weight. Okay great thank you so let's take a look now at what we're doing from a from a corrective exercise perspective. Kyle can you please talk us through the continuum again and just let's review what we want to what we want accomplish at each phase of this corrective exercise process. Definitely and what we have to ask ourselves here with James is if he is actually a candidate for a corrective exercise approach. If he's done well and all the assessments all the mobility tests or the the transitional assessments to the mobility test to the loaded test if we put him in any anymore dynamic position to do some dynamic testing if he's done well and all of those then that is demonstrating that he he has the movement capacity and the ability to go right into a training program. Now whenever I say training program from from my perspective that means we go right into the the O.P. team model and then where he starts in the O.P. team model is going to be determined by you know his experience his his ability his goals all of that type of fun stuff and one of the things we'll look at Monday is the O.P. team model is not going to be quite as strategic or specific as the as the corrective as a corrective exercise approach but it still follows the same principles. We see that these same principles are pitted and both the the corrective model and the the regular O.P. team model but again it just may be I hate to use the term general but it may be slightly more general than what we're going to do here so if we see a compensation or an impairment or something with James then we would take him through the the more specific corrective model here. The first thing we're going to do is inhibit so that's going to be using a foam roller or whatever we have available there to do self-modal facial rolling techniques. A couple different things we're trying to do here but we want to identify the overactive muscles and reduce that that activity or down regulate so to speak but we're also going to use this to mobilize some stuff. So this is something that could be used whether there's a compensation or not really because we're going to use the roller to improve some blood flow mobile ice some tissues of being up or body stuff we're trying to get us some thoracic extensions we're going to start there identify a few muscles then we're going to take the muscles that we identified as being short and lengthen them so this is going to be static stretching or neuromuscular stretching then we typically look at the other side of the joint and then we're going to try to upregulate or activate certain muscles that's going to provide us more stability to the joint and then the last thing is integrating that in to a total bonding motor pattern or something that's more specific to James goal so that's going to be our four phase approach. Okay perfect so now let's go into specific techniques of why did we just talk us through these phone rolling techniques and why did we select the exercises that we did in these two images so the thoracic you want me to do that one? Yes please. Okay thank you. The thoracic spine that's one of those that it comes up a lot of you if you look at all the things we list out in our solutions table and our charts and most of our we're always talking about muscles specific muscles but here we're actually talking about the spine and what that means is we're trying to get movement to the thoracic spine so the muscles that lay over it the the spinal directors the rhomboids the you know parts of the traps or the traps they're not only short and overactive so a lot of times it's just there's people are just stuck in that chyphotic position so we're going to try to get motion to the thoracic spine this is great for a weight lifter this is great for somebody that sits at their desk all day this is great for a lot of different people so this would be one of those things if you're working with the client you don't know what to do have them rolled their thoracic spine they'll probably love you for it and they'll feel better afterwards so that's what we're choosing that thoracic spine rolling there getting some mobility get some movement we need thoracic extension to get our arms overhead we could do some different things with the position of our hands you can put on your head here so you can actually relax back into it and I relax the muscles on the anterior aspect of the thoracic or if you want to separate the shoulder blade you can also do like James is doing and you can give yourself a big hug it's the shoulder blades out of the way and you can get into some of the tissues there that next one he's rolling the the lats or at least a portion of the lats this would be something that we would want to roll if we see the arms fall forward or if somebody is unable to get their arms all the way over their head or if some of those overhead movements if they're demonstrating an arch can they're low back all of that could type that could be tied back to a mechanically short the tissimus and dorsai another thing we could roll here James could just roll over a little bit more and start to get into the anterior aspect of the shoulders specifically the pet minor which plays a big role in the position of the scapula as we try to do overhead movements okay right why don't you continue Kyle and let's talk about the the lengthening techniques that we've chosen here for this lifter so just a couple of simple techniques here to try to integrate into a program and going back to some stuff we've talked about we won't get into a lot of details but whenever we when we perform lengthening or whenever we perform stretching but he remember that we're not literally stretching out that muscle fiber we're just trying to influence the stretch tolerance so we want to take to the first point of tension hold that for a period of time rope peat that our regular basis and eventually your body will demonstrate increased extensibility of the muscles whatever we look at the picture of James and the chair there we're just trying to get the rassic extension one of the things we may want to watch here if you you if you see kind of mid torso it looks like his rib cage is popping out a little bit that little rib cage flare may mean that there's some lumbar extension so you may want to cue James here to just contract the abdominal complex to pull the ribs down and then I would do this going through reps to six to eight reps of extent holding for one to two seconds and then relaxing just trying to get that thoracic extension the picture on the right it's going to be just a basic latismist door size stretch there's a lot of different ways to do this I generally lean towards doing it in a kneeling position here if you're client can because that will help us get a little bit of a posterior pelvic tilt which will help increase the the lengthening or the the attempt of the lengthening the lat and in general we take to that first point of tension or when you first start to feel the tissue the tissue stretch and then we would just hold that one of the last things here this is an active process we want our clients engage maintaining neutral posture we want them thinking about what they're doing mindful in this approach not just hanging out laying there just hoping that the the tissues will lengthen over time so now let's as we're moving down the continuum we're going to get into some activation exercises and we have a couple of of different ones here Rodney can you talk to us about these activation exercises and what we're trying to accomplish with each of these movements you're activation exercises really just to start to rate a neurological connection and reconnecting so you just want to start to increase some activity and that's why they're performed for some holds oftentimes you'll be able to hold or there's more of a static one to make it in an in-range so to speak and in this one on the left hand side maybe a little bit more exaggerated than you people really what we would want to do with this is activate the straight center here because the straight center is a huge component of shoulder mobility is a part of you have a trap and little trap wrong points and lower to pieces if they have to be staring well that turns out shoulder girdle for us so what we could do is in the topic here probably could be a little bit more neutral but you're going into a pressing motion so it's really just pressing the shoulders forward and then letting the retract and that's just to get good scap and thoracic mobility just allow the slide but as you're pressing up you're actually pushing and creating a little bit of straight and center activation so your works in working specifically on that and then the other one is just here we're just kind of going into whatever you want to call it as almost like a Superman and your with your arms coming up like that obviously that's going to work del toy nor to pieces is going to be a huge component of that and those are all talking and it's really important stabilizing muscles in any timing to you your hands above pen and as we talk in the in the in a little bit weight lifts those are going to be important components and you need to have stability and activation and then coming back into the with cobra position which is obviously good for lower to pcs as well as even the wrong way complex especially when he's in this position we're able to come back lift his shoulders off like this doing so that's just the reason it's just really working around the shoulder girl as we do know that there was some type of shoulder you and again even though we didn't necessarily see something specific happening we have to remember that one he's new to weight lifting he's interested in doing it so we want to make sure that with that shoulder injury he's probably never done some of the things that we're doing so we want to make sure that we can have that stability going into the post sentence. Okay so we've gone through the first couple steps did you have something to add cop I do I do so remember too we talked about James being a little bit immediately rotated and notice who on his cobra how he's going through external glino humoral rotation whenever he does that so that's one of those oftentimes people perform this immediately rotated but definitely with James here we want to be sure we're getting an external rotation the thumbs rotated away from the body and maybe up to the sky to help offset some of that medial rotation we saw on me get us a little bit more rotator cuff activation out of this movement as well. Perfect and so now we've gone through the first couple of steps not just want to remind everyone that this this is important to do because when you're when you're clients are coming to you from off and before they they're bringing with them the stuff from there their their vibes which may be some stress maybe some car rides it may be doing the little cattle roping but you want to for a doctor stall there so you want to to help them take some of that that stress off and help them to create that range of motion to prepare them for work. Now we've worked through the first two steps of the process now or first three steps and we're going to do some new integration exercise well they're not new but in the context of correct exercise rotting can you take us through our integration exercises and tell us why you pick these and what's happening here. Yeah so this this has a couple of reasons so this is a modified kind of muscle clean and so mostly a lot of times it's almost when you're taking the legs out of so speaking you're just pulling the bar through the motion it can be done faster it can be done in this particular case can be done just a little bit slower so one is to create a more of a total body motion that's integrating all of the inhibitory and the lengthening and the activation factor sizes that we've just gone it's now applying it into an actual sequence so he's going to be going through that high pull the inter rotation to kind of an external rotation catch. So that's part of the part is that it's actually teaching him the movement that's going to be involved in a clean so he starts he's basically starting at the hip which is oftentimes called the power position he's going to go into a shrug and then he's going to go into a high pull and then he's going to bring me elbows through when he's going to get into that position so that's the position that he's going to go when he is going to do a plane and so we're it's a teaching exercise as well as it is a range of motion integrated movement exercise to actually put everything together for all right perfect so let's take a look at the second the second integration movement and we have the squat press to thruster why did we pick this one and what we want to accomplish with this particular integrated movement same thing this one now we're just bringing into the lower body so the first one was more of a more of a technique this one is more of a total body integration so where we're going overhead now so we're just going to simply use a squat so getting him used to doing a front squat which will be part of the clean and then getting him to go overhead with the bar so just putting the two together and again it's just in a nice control pace it's actually a great core exercise and so it'd be something that we're just prepared him for what's going to come down the road but getting him activated through his and it is correct to exercise program that we established so it's a way that we're just bringing in some of the movements that they're going to do but breaking them down to where they become integrated components of the correct direction size and how you can leave it to you together okay perfect and yes we're just being through these performed that would you these more of a moderate speed yeah that's a great question of how some more of a moderate speed so these aren't these aren't to be done at full speed because one remember where where he was interested in learning so he probably doesn't know how to do them or doesn't isn't super familiar with the clean in this particular case so just going through a moderate pace so we get the feel for what that's going to happen so a moderate tempo okay great now I just and I have another follow up question to that and then we will get to Lauren for parts of the lift that require I know we had talked back and forth as we were working through these webinars and you mentioned the the drive shrug as as one movement that we could use so for parts of the lift that require some type of some type of explosiveness that triple extension for example do we want to honor that part of the exercise and keep that I don't know how I'm asking this but close to how they would perform that and move slowly possibly through some of the other movements in the lift yes you know and I think at the end of the drive shrug is where they pop up and they're exploding right up into that shrug with elbows locked still so the answer is if the person has done that before then yeah have them pop that up if they're not get them used to go when into a shrug in triple extension at the same time remember when we say triple extension for her ability to get up onto the toes sure so one of the things that works really well is if you can get up onto the toes into triple extension you got your toes knees and hips locked out you basically in that triple extension period or a position and you're activated in that so you're active and engaged like kind of talk about it's not just going through the motion to hoping everything does what you want it to do and call it a day it's getting to that and then getting them used to shrug in at the same time that they're going through that position so it can be a little bit slower so it depends on the person's ability and where they're at okay perfect question yes thank you so now let's let's get to Lauren on our next slide now Lauren's 28 she doesn't have any she doesn't have a adverse medical history but she wants to set a new PR and I've read through this we've talked about this of Rodney this is someone you've worked with can you take us through take us through the process yes so I want to be Lauren Lauren is our education manager at the manager at a lake ocean she is she's personally a former competitive weight after and just an awesome all-around person now as we go through this I want to make it very clear that this is not specific to Lauren's Lauren is going to represent actual case studies that I've seen over the last couple of decades on multiple occasions so I've seen some that are almost identical to what you're going to see in more than than one or two cases it's probably close to half a dozen over the last 20 years so what I'm doing is I had Lauren take some pictures for me that replicated the case studies so we could use this process to specifically show you guys so I want to set that up right off the bat this is not Lauren she's not this jacked up by any means yes and I apologize for even insinuating that Lauren please forgive me but let's go let's go into the case let's say she's got plenty of issues she can run but this is not one of them okay let's take a look at her static posture and what's going on in her transitional assessments let's go Rocky folks you guys can see this static posture and we don't have to pick it apart I mean we can we can touch it with for all of all Lauren is a very good athlete so and and I'm going out from people that I work with I work with people who are very much like Lauren and they've been in the various same situation that's why she was kind of a perfect fit for this particular case study so when we do the overhead spot because she's used to doing the snack and what she wants to do remember her goal is she wants to increase her PR or personal best that she can do for this so what we want to do is I had her I had a lot of people a lot of times when they do it over it's got I'll have him use a dowel rod not that she has to and it's not not an necessity but it gets in something to hold on to so a lot of times you can see there's any discrepancy in the upper arm but when she went through this when might might people that I've seen have gone through this this is something that fold out so when you look it from behind you notice that there's a little bit of asymmetry in the legs so that left knee looks like it's coming in more so than the right knee and then when you look at the hip I brought up a close up because this is something that it almost looks like one of the glutes is dropped down or there's a shifting it's like it's almost like an inferior superior inferior change in the hip height and so it was really interesting so now with the CES flow the assessment flow would be have this is where it becomes very valuable for us so when you see something like this my immediate thought was okay well let's go and start with the first modification so on the next slide we look at the first modification the first modification on the next slide is let's lift the heels now we lifted on a little bit you can obviously lift the more you can lift them in your soul and and Kyle is there a standard that you you guys prefer to have no standard usually inch to an inch and a half is pretty good you know having like a two before something laying around the the gym is great because it's easy access but I don't get confused by the two by four because two by four it's not really two inches by four inches but it's just what goes so on this we just had them on basically a five pound plate so when you look at the left picture you can see that the knee's straightened out and the hips cleaned up a little bit so they're not quite as dramatic still has the hands over head so it looks fairly good so we can think and those of you that are way ahead of this may say and oh maybe this is what's happening well hold on to that because then we took her arms down you can see their hips went back to the way they were the knees stay okay but the hips went back to the way they were so this got really interesting and now again I've seen this happen at least three or four times maybe close to a half it doesn't in this is the same case it wasn't necessarily the left tip in this case but so now we're like okay wow we've got a straight a straighter stance but we still have this hip issue going on and we've modified both things so now I went to the next slide and now I'm just following the floor and I said well let me see what happens on a single leg so single leg or right legs basically muddy and now yes you can put your hands on your hips and there's all those things but when we look at using the same with both legs even though for hands around front the right leg is money that's what you want to see you want to see someone that the pelvis is basically parallel to the floor and their ankle hip and knee are pretty much stacked up the left side is jacked up so we've got an issue with that knee and even though it's not so much that the knee deviates it's actually a little bit of a hip shift and she started to pivot rotate and if you would look from the sighting but what we would see is there was all sitting around you know the low back so that there was basically she was going into a post-serier public tilt as she was going into this position and there's other thing guys have done the same thing but the two females that I had in mind when I'm talking about this so we can see okay there's really something going on with that left side so we noticed there was a little bit of cleanup when we left the heels and then when we took the hands down even with the heels lifted the hips got worse we see that there's something more specific to the left side so then we went one step further and this is what we went into the range of motion assessment so now if we go to the next slide going into the range of motion all I did was used what we would say is a lot of phytometrist test but instead of looking at the hip extension what I wanted to do or what I noticed first is what I should say because originally in the first person I was going through the modified Thomas test but what I noticed before they actually grabbed onto their legs to go onto the modified Thomas test as I noticed this that left hip couldn't come up past 90 degrees but the right hip could so I had them do that a few times and I realized that that left hip can't get up high enough but the right hip can so that led me to and then through goony metric measurements that I had that I had done on the first previous that led me to think there may be something going on with that left hip and it may not necessarily be an ankle situation that refotted in fact it wasn't because the ankle range of motion was great so there's something going on in that hip so I realized that okay there's a left hip situation and what was happening is there was a lack of hip flexion and we always look at and this is what I wanted to really bring up and while I use this particular case study a lot of times you guys and I know that people have made comments that there can be the similar issues with tight and weak muscles in everybody but in many cases that's not the case and that's why you need to have an assessment flow char that leaves you to specific things where you can start looking that left hip did not have the ability to flex as well as the right hip and that was what was happening is because when she would squat down your hip has to go into flexion which means there is an anterior tilt relative to the the femur and that's what's creating the hip flexion when she got the point where she could no longer flex on that left hip she would go into a post anterior tilt and so that means that that left hip would basically stop flexing and the right hip would continue to flex can have the ability to so left hip stops right hip keep going and that's why we saw the overhead squat but where it was and that's why we saw this this hip flexion assessment which is what it turned into this hip flexion range of motion the way it was so going to the next slide what to do the Davies test as a dynamic assessment didn't want to do dynamic with her because obviously that left side had some stuff going on and so there was a great dynamic assessment that you could do for someone who's a little bit looked at could be a squat jump so a squat jump is just going down into a like a quarter squat position and from there they have to jump up and see how high they can go that's giving you basically a concentric explosion how explosive can they get because going from that squat that quarter squat position upward is extremely important you could do a vertical jump you could want to but a lot of times vertical or counter movement using the each centric above before the the constant weight and that means more concentric explosion but because she still wants to do some she's going to be doing a lot of snatching each and one to increase her PR and snatching is taking the bar overhead in one motion just wanted to see how her shoulders stability and how her dynamic movement through the shoulder brutal was so we used a Davies test as well those just don't go with Davies test is it's in a push-up position like you see hands are about 36 inches apart and then your time going back and forth to see how many times you can touch the hands or how many times you can touch your hands in 15 seconds so based upon all that now we have to and you can go to the next slide very best one based upon all that we're going to run through the same process so taking all of this information which which we want to do is to make this corrective exercise very specific when when I've seen these took straight to the left tip so we're not going to go just the whole body and just kind of do everything we're going to go right to that hip and see if we can help clean things up so on the next slide what we did from the inhibitory using the self-bomb bachelor lease Greg on the next slide is went to their glutes and the ad drconplex and people saying well why would you do both sides because the hip wasn't moving and so without getting into all of the the groiny metric stuff what I wanted to do is get to the hip and and see if we could loosen up the the feiner and the ability for that feiner to move in that acetaline and be able to rotate and turn and go into flexion and extension and internal external rotation which you need to have for flexion and extension so we went to that glute and we worked on the backside and we went to the the ad dr. we were staying a little bit higher on the ad drs because don't forget all of your ad drs insert up into that pubis and that pubis is where that anterior capsule also sits for your your hip and all of that tissue to what Kyle was talking about earlier is just because something's not necessarily mechanically short or not necessarily overactive that you may or may not think it is it still could have an influence and that tissue can still have it still be a little bit brungy and so that can still affect how that joint will move besides just the muscular components to that so we rolled the ad drs rolled the hip and in the next slide what we did from a stretch is we just wanted to open up that hip a little bit so we just did kind of a kneeling out of just just opened up that hip a little bit and just had kind of a real subtle motion and and Kyle said it perfectly take it to the point of first tension and and let it do its thing and then we'd come back and we did that and that's all we did on that particular hip and then the next slide from the activation went back to the what you saw on the slide with the activation remember there's position why some metrics and then there's kind of the the isometric exercises so we did a position why symmetric on this particular tip and so on this one and how quickly if I'm wrong but is a so I symmetric is basically four repetitions the first one 25 and then the following 50 75 100 is that still the the process and process to understand it yet yeah so we use something very similar to that but what we wanted to do is hold that for about five seconds five to six seconds is what we held that for each one and then release and then have her bring it up as high as it can go and as you can see and and Lauren actually did a great job representing that that hip dramatically increased its ability to to go into flexion just by going through that position why symmetric process so we use this to help activate the tissue that wasn't able to actively pull her into that position so remember we weren't doing it and I successfully like a hamstring and says what does he can she actually get that hip up and she couldn't provide the one was and it was fatigue and it was almost like it was fatigue and on her so we just wanted to activate that then we used a side plank and we just integrated a hip flexion motion with the side plank and very simply with now this one's on the on the right hip but we were we did it on both sides because on the right hip she's getting that left hip flexion but remember when I'm in that that side plank position and I'm moving that left hip through flexion and then back down into a straight position extension then I drop down come back up and do repetitions of that I still have to hold that hip up and abduction as I'm going through flexion so I'm still getting the abductor's group media's TFL to still work because they're both flexures so you're you're anterior opponent I started a glutinous and then horses of beauty also flex to hip as well as the TFL so we're getting some abduction strength and the reason we're looking at that is because when she was on a single leg stance doing her single leg squat she was having a lot of trouble with that left side and the overhead squat we noticed that left leg cave in a little bit but left knee when she was on a single leg there was the knee looking like it was abducting and the hip was actually shifting out so therefore potentially could have been some weakness in that so that's why we chose those two particular exercises try to increase the activation of the hip flexion component and then be able to work on the abduction as well as some deflection in this particular pace refer and then it's going to integrate it exercise we did just a very simple movement that has to do for a snatch and that was just an open-heat squat so it's a great exercise just in and of itself and if you were to take that exercise that in the corrective exercise program that we just went through and did it on yourself you would immediately notice and if you just did it on one side not the other side you would immediately notice a difference in that side that you worked on and so that would be my challenge to is go through that as you'll see what she experienced and the people that I work with because what then happened is she was able to move much better in her overhead squat and so in this particular overhead squat all we did is we would go down and when she would get to the point where she could be comfortable and we'd have hold her hold it there for a couple of seconds just to get the tissues accramated to holding in that position and then have her stand up tall and then come back down and do that so that was the corrective exercise that we did in this particular case and that's how it was it was able to help this particular set of people I worked with regained proper movement and it was fairly quick and in two of the people's cases it was almost immediate where they had a pretty dramatic change in your ability to squat and get back to where they go needed to go that's it all right outstanding so when you're doing the overhead squat as an integration exercise you're still using the same volume 12 round 12 repetitions of that exercise yes so again that'll go back to what you want to do so if if the person can't do the 12 you either do a dowel rod or do a variety of things you can do a in between every repetition you could take one or two seconds of rest and then do it again or you could do three three repetitions rest for a second or two three repetitions rest for a second or two so if you're looking to get to that 12 rep then you would have to potentially break it up depending on how strong a person is and how much load you're using hopefully you're not using too much of a load to where they can't get to 12 so that's where the dowel rod can be extremely important because it's not about being under load as much as it is about performing the actual integrated motion but having the dowel rod keeps the hands and the position that you want to which will put tension to the whole system which is going to look before and it makes them have to squat in the position that they're going to need to when they're doing a snatch in one yeah and just wanted to pick up on that really quickly hand positions obviously different because we're training this in the context of Olympic weight lifting just tell us real quickly about how one would set up for a snatch grip yes so in a snatch grip one of the easiest ways is you just hold the bar and you're going to bring your hands out on that bar and tell the bar gets to about the crease of your hip and so all you have to do is if you're holding that bar if you were to lift one leg in flexure leg up you should be able to flex the leg without the bar being moved and that's one of the easiest ways to do it so you can lift up your legs and make sure that the grip is wide enough and so that's the easiest way to get the width that would be proper for you and your body position by the size relative to the bar okay thank you and that program that program that you laid out there just goes to show you that the you know the possibilities are endless and you really have to put your detective hat on and don't don't yourself in and thinking everything is a type hip flexor and we don't we never want to do anything activate those hip flexors because as you all can see there that was that was the solution to to getting this athlete to move optimally for the the snatch so we are at the end of the webinar today and yes doctor still you had a point one of the things I wanted to say is whenever we were talking about that assessment flow I had talked about how with you if you see a compensation here you can move on to your programming but I think what Ronny just went through there was a beautiful example of how you use the next test instead of jumping to the programming prematurely perhaps use that next test to get more information and it's important to see that Lauren had the physical ability to perform the test safely and it matched her goals so if that's your client continue and you have the time and everybody's on the same page you can continue using those assessments to dig deeper in or for on your wooden app you probably wouldn't have identified that specific specific cause if you will and also led to him being able to to put together a program to correct it very quickly so nice shot yes so thank you both that was that was very informative and I hope everyone out there listening at least took away several nuggets that you can implement immediately when you're training yourselves because you're your first client and also when you're out there working with your clients again right now it's time for a little bit of Q&A so if you have questions please type them in and before I ask these gentlemen to give us their main takeaways for you today you can say 35% on the new CES course using the code webinar 21 that is a phone only code and you'll have to call 88877318272 redeemed that discount and you can also say 50% on a lake or a parallel and equipment using the code capital N8SM lower code web 15 and go to strengthware.us to redeem that discount and while we're waiting for questions gentlemen do you have any takeaways what's up start with you yeah they printed you touched on one of the biggest takeaways is number one there is an assessment flow to allow you and all your methods all go through and gather information on someone's movement in a capability or you know the more you can do with that and I think that's really important and the need for continued to continue growth but don't ever think because most things look a certain way I hit flexor is the one that's everyone wants to stretch it and poke it and prod it and do it it sometimes it's not a set of what's actually going on so just have an open mind and don't be stuck in that because you can have you can make some great gains with people by exploring options using a process to allow you to go to two different areas and continue to get more education around how the body works and how and what the assessments are actually showing you. All right great thank you and before I get to you Kyle we have a question from Joel thank you for attending today Joel he wants to know with Lawrence case did you notice any specific trigger points that were active or troublesome so it's a great question so remember I've seen this a few times one of the areas that had the the most probably trigger point activity was in the boot area there was boot needus and that's an area that many people kind of your posterior boot medius and between the issue and the the greater trail canter there's usually a really hot spot there was that and there was also some in the pure formus region those were two really big hot spot so no so was in the ad dr complex while there wasn't a lot of trigger point activity after the full roll so personally what I'll do is I'll have someone do a full and do some type of boot again and do the fun walkers I want to see if one is helping more than the other because what we want to do is we want to go down to what exactly do I have to do what's the most important thing to do not just do everything out of and hope some work and while the trigger point activity was more helpful from the backs are more more apparent back it was actually rolling that front of the hip of the ad dr complex and loosen that up that actually freed that hip up to move and that's a whole other webinar in the self is to something in that area would do that but that's what it was from a trigger point standpoint posterior hip and tear forms and on the trigger points too you know and need to keep in mind that the body's very intelligent a lot of times it puts those trigger points there for a reason so we can't just just always think well if there's a trigger point we we got a release so we got a release it so I think like you know what Rodney saying they're going after the anterior aspect of the hip you do that enough and improve that that that illegal firm remote motion the trigger points may actually just go away the body doesn't need them anymore. You're on mute. You're on mute. No longer on mute can everyone hear me. Yes sir. All right perfect and we have a question from Arash and he wants to know and thank you for attending today Arash for otherwise healthy person who reps and steps for these correct effects or sizes if used for technique building prior to lifting I think this one's going to be for you Rodney and when lifting or when doing the Olympic weight lifting how many reps and sets should you go for? I'll defer to Kyle for the an SM kind of corrected exercise set and reps scheme for the perfect healthy person if that was the question from a corrected exercise standpoint and then I can talk to the Olympic weight. Sure. Yeah so we need to think of this from a a little bit of a endurance perspective but as well as a for lack of a better term a perfection perspective so in the text we we often encourage or suggest between 12 I'm sorry between 10 to 15 reps and then on some of the integrated exercises we may get into the phase one endurance where we talk about 12 to 20 reps but one of the most important things to keep in mind from a corrective standpoint is we need perfection in the movements so don't set a goal of your client of 12 reps and then they do whatever they need to do compensator not to get to 12 reps if they can only do six reps with great form and then they then they compensator sheet stop them at six reps and in the next set they try to get seven and they try to get a so we have them laid out in the text but but work with your client and make sure they're going through the movement for an emotion without cheating doing as many reps as they can. And I just want to tag on about that's a huge point that so many people they look at the set reps came sometime and they're oh I've got to get that if the client can't get it it doesn't matter. So what can they do and what can they do effectively? Frances, what was the question relative to the Olympic look? Yes you wanted to know when you're Olympic weight lifting how many reps and sets should you go for? Well that's going to be dependent obviously on the person's ability to level and what they have so it could be anywhere from two sets to six sets it could be eight sets it depends on how much other stuff they're doing and what specifically you're working on. Rep stand point usually because the skill component of the Olympic list the usually the reps are going to be a little bit lower more than not you don't need to really go over six repetitions because again it's going to go back to because it's a a more skilled movement you want to make sure that it's done correctly and not just done to or to 1,000 just talked about. So in relation to the two to six sets and up to six reps anywhere from one to six reps depending on what you're working on is a pretty safe ballpark. All right thank you and Kyle do you have any takeaways for our listeners today? I do so what I said earlier about the the assessments so so work with the individual that's in front of you and sometimes even though we provide the assessment flow to be some flistic and efficient and effective sometimes you need to dig a little bit deeper and then also to Rodney's point about and don't think of as only coming from a book or a course a lot of this education is the experience of working with clients the only way you'll be able to recognize some of these little nuances of movement that require additional testing is if you just start working with people it's not going to be perfect at first and that's okay you may miss a few people up hopefully not but it's not going to be perfect but you'll just reassess and redesign but just just start working with people. Yes practice you have practice experiences of really good teacher because you have to have a way to synthesize everything that you get from your mentors your books and the additional courses. That's all the time we have and I almost finished on time today so thank both I want to thank both of you for for hopping on and educating us and helping us learn how to implement the corrective exercise into Olympic weight lifting and we have I have one more one more daily gentleman and we're going to put it all together into a program. We're going to do a little program design on Monday taking you through all three levels of the OTT model and that should be fun that's one that you don't want to miss thank you rotting thank you Kyle and again course and thank you for everyone who hung up with us this afternoon everyone have a good afternoon and a safe weekend.

=== FILE: Corrective Exercise and Olympic Weightlifting Programming [I6amdWskMhc].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NASM Live. My name is Prentis Rhodes and I am here with Rodney Corn, the director of Education for Laco and Dr. Kyle Stahl, a man of many talents, one of which is being an NASM Master instructor for many, many years. And today we are going to continue our discussion, our actual finish-up, our discussion on corrective exercise and Olympic weightlifting. And we're going to finish up that discussion of teaching you how to use the CES 4-step corrective process and Olympic weightlifting to enhance the function in your clients. So let's get started with that. Let's talk about go over the agenda and talk about what we've hold to get through in the next hour. So we can go to the next slide. What we want to do is talk about the CES assessment flow. We want to review that. We want to review the four-step corrective process and hit it lengthen activate, integrate. And then what we're going to do is learn how you integrate corrective exercise into the new training template. This is a never before seen training template and this will be available for you in CPT 7. But the reason why we wanted this is that we understand how to use corrective exercise as a solo program. But as I've talked to some trainers out there, feel when I get to meet you, sometimes we are a little unsure about how to integrate this into the given template for regular clients at every level of the OPPT model. Then what we are going to do is design programs for you at all three levels of the OPPT model and at the end of the webinar you will have a special gift of Greg chime in if I'm going to say it in the correctly. But you'll be able to download some point the three templates, three training templates at the end of the webinar. We have promotion code and a giveaway. So what of you will be enrolled into the CES course free of charge? So to redeem that, what I want all of you to do, we're listening right now. I want you to fire your name and email to our loser and he, sitting so quietly in the non-making everything smoothly, he is going to pick one of you lucky participants to be enrolled in the CES course at the end of the webinar. So hang on to check whether or not you're a winner. And as usual, we will also give a promotion code for discounts for NAS and courses and also a lake or a parallel. We want this webinar to be a little more active. Please start. Ask questions early and often. We want to make sure that you leave this webinar with an understanding of how to take CES, bring that to life into your regular training templates and we want to show you how to integrate Olympic weightlifting or derivatives of Olympic weightlifting techniques at all three levels of the OBT model. That was pretty long-winded. So let's check in on our panel and Rodney, how are you doing today? Do you throw them up? Two thumbs up. Dr. Stahl, how are you? I'm doing well. Thank you very excited about this webinar today. So why don't we go ahead and go to the next slide and review the assessment flow? Just so they understand where we're going to take our clients and talk about the information that you're going to want to get from this assessment flow. So Dr. Stahl, can you take that away? I think that's through this process. I will. I'll try to do it a little bit more than on the seminar. I think I got out of control over. But whenever we with the assessment flow are really just the assessments that are presented in the in the corrective exercise material, we're going to make this process both effective and efficient. You should have or you should follow a logical sense of events to down to designing an effective program. And one of the things we saw on the last webinar, Rodney presented a great case study of how you can do a bit deeper whenever you see something that's unusual and be whenever you have that experience education to be able to do a little bit deeper. So you can always do that for sure. But we also want to do this quickly. If we need quickly and effectively and efficiently. So that's remember we let you assessment flow. If you do client intake, you have to know who your work, you have to know what their goals are. Often times get lost in this corrective exercise to a circle or a cycle and we forget that we're actually working with somebody that more than likely has a more important goal in their head than simply moving. They want to lose weight. They want to be quicker. They want to be more powerful. They want to be able to play with it. It's longer. From there, we're going to go to the static posture. As I've said before, your static posture is a pretty good representation of your habits. So that's going to give us a snap of it is you and your client does most of the day. Or just if somebody or just because somebody may exhibit less than optimal postural positioning, it doesn't mean that that's going to translate over into their movement. So we all have to take them or we should take them through a movement assessment. Our transitional assessments are going to be the overhead squad assessment. That's where they are transitional. There's no change in base of support. This squad assessment, bilateral, we're looking at total body motion, total body strength, core control, all of that fun stuff. If we see a compensation there, then we're going to move to our modifications. Two modifications. First, we're going to elevate the heels to take the calves out of the equation and change a center of the body. We're going to go in different so that makes on the movement. Then we're going to put hands on the hips. That's going to take the upper extremity out of the equation. We're going to see how that changes the assessment. If you think about those steps there, what we're doing is we're trying to identify is it a foot-nacle problem? Is it a low-public hip complex problem or is it an upper extremity shoulder-girdled thoracic spine problem? And assessments are never 100% perfect. But they give us a really good idea of what's going on. See those compensations there. We could go right from that over on assessment, skip all the way down to the mobility test, and this is going to give us more and more joint specific information. So it's kind of a confirmatory test to back up what it is we saw that also gives us stronger subjective information. So we can measure and improve over time. If we don't see compensations in the overhead squad assessment, then we can put them under a little bit, take them to a more advanced test to do a single-leg squad assessment. Then we could do the split squad if single-leg is a little too advanced. Split squad is also very applicable to some of the weight lifting moves. If somebody is interested in weight lifting, if they do well there, then we do other options. Dynamic assessments, these are the things that are more appeals, which is going to take that out of the equation. And then look to see how the squad looks. If the movement proves, then my assumption is, and I know a lot of times we say we don't want to assume that we make assumption all the time. My assumption is going to be that there's a few ankle issues, so then I'm going to move forward with foot and ankle mobility test. Now here's the thing is, just because I identified a foot and ankle issue, that doesn't mean, or I'm not completely ruling out that there's something else up the chain. I'm going to design a corrective program initially to input and ankle mobility. And like we said before, a corrective program should work immediately. It's not going to be perfect, but we should start to see smoothness, smoothness, and movement. We should see some sort of improvement. And it, my first session, maybe the second session, I retest my look to see is my foot and ankle corrective program improving their squat quality. And if it is, then I'm going to keep going down that pattern or that path. If it's not, then maybe I go back and I do another test with a different range of motion test and then just see what the fucking identified, something else that may be driving that. Does that make sense? That makes, you know, what that makes perfect sense. That makes perfect sense. And if you have any questions about that, just please ask as we're going along just so that if we need to clarify anything. So we're going to move to the next, the next, talks about the corrective exercise process. And we want to look at those four steps. And this is going to be related to the next slide. The next slide actually, let's move on to the next slide. We can talk through the template there. Okay. So we have our corrective exercise process. So outlet Kyle, can you start with inhibit and lengthen? And now, as we're taking a client from purely corrective exercise into level one phase one training, how does this fit? How does the template on the left fit into our OPT template? Great question. That's one of the reasons that I'm excited about this is I think a lot of times people just just like already said coming get lost in this corrective exercise cycle. But what we're going to talk about here is how you're corrective approach, your corrective strategy directly relates or directly feeds into your regular programming. And this is the, like you said earlier, this is a new template we're releasing with the CPT 7. I think this is the first time it's ever been seen, probably not, but maybe. And what we can see here in habit and lengthen. So those are going to be your mobility strategies. We're going to use self-mile, facial rolling or foam rolling, what self-mile facial techniques on the short and overactive tissues. And then we're going to perform some sort of a lengthening technique. We could do static stretching. We could do neural muscle restratching or we can, we're going to look at the flexibility continuum a little bit today, how that progresses into active stretching and then to dynamic. We see step one and two that fits right into on the template on the right, right into your warm up. This is going to be your warm up process. You're client comes in, they grab a foam roller, they're going to start rolling these, these muscles and then move into the stretching technique. So it could be warm up, it could be mobility. It could fit into a couple of different names, but in our template we're going to just call it warm up. Okay, perfect. Now, as we move down as we move down the corrective continuum, Rodney, can you take us through how activate and integrate fits into the template on the right for our client, Jane Doe or, I guess, her name could be Remi. But can you tell us how that fits in there? Yeah, absolutely. So this is really exciting because this is kind of how we taught it way back in the day in the early 2000s when probably half of people on this call were in grade school. And this is a very simple process. So any of the time is trying to keep it simply, you guys have done a great job bringing it back to kind of where we were. The active date and integrate, so your activation, as you know, is about a little bit more of a slower and potentially more isolated, in particular, exercise that we're looking to simply activate or reconnect. And so we can use that in place that specifically in where you see on the, on the tip of the right where you have activation in the corner balance. So, very simple ball bridge. A lot of times you'll see in a lot of eight days, some stuff there's a ball bridge or there's even a plank or there's a side plank. And when you're doing that, that is an activate activation technique. And so you can have that in there. Doing a single leg balance, single leg balance, whether it's just a static or whether there's some type of flip reach potentially, that's also an activate technique. So the activate in this CES template, it's right into activation and that's why it's called activation obviously. The integration can be everything from skill development down. So once you get into the integrate, your skill development can be some of your integration exercises. And we'll see that as we start going through some of the templates that we've built for you so you can see. So in essence, you've got the template, your warm up, your activation skill development, really can, and how is your incorporate all of your corrective exercise strategy? And it's a, it's a very simple process to do. And then it just, it'll change and look different depending on who you're with and what their goal is and where they're at in the, in the Ok team. Ok, perfect. Now, and I wanted to bring up a point that we've all, that we've all talked about. And that is, you have flexibility as to which exercises you can use in, in the activation portion and the skill skill development portion. It depends on your, again, your client's levels, your, their skill level, what their, what their assessments are telling you. And also what types of things you want to accomplish with the session, that skill training, that skill development can be anything from your traditional activation exercises, where I'm talking about to what we would call sport specific. So you, you're, you're really not limited by anything at all. Only, only at this point, your, your imagination. So, so let's now, Kyle, do you have anything to add to this discussion? I do. So thinking back, we, we'll go all the way back to webinar one. We talked about how back in the day phase one was corrective exercise training, CET, and then that kind of branched off to become the corrective exercise specialization. And from there, we oftentimes look at corrective as, as being this individual fan, it can be some clients need just focus on the four things that are here on the left and it, you know, be different things, maybe you're working with an older population, maybe you're working with, you know, somebody that is, is working, injury or they've worked through an injury, they've been rehabbed, they've been released by the physical therapist. And now your goal is to return them to performance. Maybe you just focus on those four things, but that could be two, three, four, maybe five weeks. And then we start working them in or working it into what we see there on the right. So it is okay to just work on these four phases if that's where your client is. But we soon need to start integrating it then into the LBT model, because that's going to be where we can really start to build and develop those progressions and still follow a similar approach. So I'm going to ask you another follow up question and then we want to really get into those those training templates. So when do we, when do we make the switch? When do we take a client who's strictly on the corrective exercise regimen and start to transition them into phase one? You know, I don't think there is an exact answer. That it depends. So what's going to depend on? Whenever we do our first series of assessments, we're taking, we're getting their baseline data, their baseline, you know, whatever we want to call it. And what we have to do is, it ends up being a bit of a subjective type of a measure. We have to to each their improvement in approach or the improving their, when we're going to say performance, think of movement, or something. One of the things I often think about or often try to stress is whenever we're looking at assessments and we, we're pulling out these compensations and impairments in these deviations. All of those have very negative terms. However, we don't need to think about it that way. One of the things you could be taking from that is, what is my client able to do? Once you've taken them through this four step approach long enough to where you feel comfortable with them doing a regular squat, comfortable with them doing a regular pushup. They've developed some of that foundational stability and improved that range of, that's when you have to make that switch. If you think it's dangerous, right? If there's squat looks like it's something that's dangerous if we're going to load it over here and phase one or if it's dangerous that we do this, then maybe we still over here in the Tim Flonb left here for a little bit longer until we start to improve that. Okay, great. Thank you. Thank you for that explanation. Now, let's start building some approach. So if we could go to the next slide, we're going to talk about level one stabilization endurance for our client, Jane Doe, Alice Kruger. We want to, Rodney, can you take us through what's happening in this program? Why we've chosen, why we've chosen the exercises we did. And if there's some explanation of some of these exercises that may seem unfamiliar, can you talk us through that as well, please? Yeah, absolutely. So we just started in the warm-up and we kind of had a quasi-built in a corrective strategy in this particular, we'll, even though you'll see that we have dynamic stretch that's been added into this particular component. We'll get to that in a second. But first off again, it's just starting off with your foam roll and going into the stretch here and have it in length in this particular area. This is fairly general, so we have a little bit of lower body, a little bit of upper body, because we want to make sure that the person's well-rounded. So in this particular case, there wasn't any major area that we really wanted to focus on and some of the other ones will talk a little bit more about different areas of the body. So we just chose some pretty basic foam rolling and stretching, and then we went into some dynamic stretching. Now we've talked about this and what we really want to bring to light here is that the thing that Kyle and Princess have talked about, I want to read her because this is something that we did when we started this whole process, is that this can be very valuable. You're not locked into that specific format. You can take the dynamic if you didn't want to do dynamic and you could be moved the dynamic. You could also put dynamic down on your skill that the unnecessary skill section. So it can be there, it doesn't have to be there because your foam rolling or static stretch or core balance, that will create an activation that will help you get into your skill development. So I just want to give you that little precursor. So we have a dynamic kind of stretch routine there, then we get into, in the core we use a ball combo to with a dowel rod. So remember, we're going to be doing a little bit of a lip lip lift up in here, just getting someone used to some of the basic derivatives. And before I get into that real quick, just remember when we talk about doing a lip lip lip thing stuff or components of a lip it doesn't mean that we're going to be starting with weight from the floor and bringing the ball all the way over ahead. There are components or phases that every one of those lifts. We can train those phases to get people acclinated to that, work on technique, work on the skill of that, and then slowly grow and add another phase and add another phase. So we can get someone to go from just one of the phases or two motions involved into the whole chain of events. So just want to iterate, reiterate that to make sure that we don't have to be intimidated by a lipic lift, just because you're here to work on weight lifting. It's just we break it down and they're pretty simple because it's some common exercises that are done, but you're just sequencing up. So we use a ball combo to with a dowel rod and the ball combo to is essentially where you're laying over the ball and you're going to go into essentially like a row. So you're just going to pull the dowel rod to you, then you're going to externally rotate the press, but you're in more of a horizontal position. So you're working in a scrappy that's trying to figure you up. Great for shoulder stabilization. It's a great exercise. Obviously for core stabilization as well. So that's when we start that, just getting that and that's also one of the most important movement we can have is getting turnover and then going up over. So that we use that particular exercise. In this one we use the single leg windmill with a dowel rod. So that would be having the dowel rod on you like a squat bar and then you're going to be in a single leg position. You would be bent over the hip to the degree that you can control and then it would be rotation. So which is new in this position, rotating. Great glute and add up to kind of activation because you're going into internal and external rotation and stabilization. So that can be very helpful. But also getting the arms out and you're getting a little bit of, I don't want to say so much activation as you are kind of some elongation and potentially lengthening through the body and range of motion. So to speak. So a little bit of mobility work in there as well. And then in the skill development we did as we took just one component from the snap. So snap should never have a wider grip and we can just use a dowel rod if someone doesn't have a lot of strength. It's just particular time and it work to be a barbell depending on the level of the person. And all they're going to do is they're going to be starting from the hip. So they're just going to be a little bit of the hip flex position and that dowel rod is going to be right there. And as you see in that picture they're going to start from the hip position and they're going to just write up into the dry strokes. So all of it is as shrug as you go and up on your toes. But what they're going to do is they're going to balance in that position. So it's kind of a balance that you're size but it's acquiring that skill of how do I shrug and extend in the triple extension at the same time and then can I hold that because it's going to be imperative to have little linements as you start adding weight. Okay great. Let's go back to the template and start working down. Let's go back to the exercise template and work into I think we've made it now to resistance training. Yeah. And after we've done the clean pull unders that we just showed on the last slide where we're just going to get used to pulling the bar under which is another technique that I skilled driven. And then we'll just go into the resistance. For the squat pattern we're just going to do a front squat. It's going to be really important especially for doing the clean. So getting that we used to that front squat and we can use a kettlebell. So instead of having to worry about a bar belt to start with we can have a kettlebell. What we can do is put two kettlebells. One on each hand and a front rack position. Hold in a kettlebell and get it used to a front squat. And then you'll see that a larger exercise is a similar push-up rotation. As a push-up pattern that we can do just have to be that. You can do a ball push-up. Do anything that you wanted to. But that's just what we've done. So there's some common exercise that you guys can see. The hinge pattern we did a bar belt. Snatch good deadlift. So just all snatch good good. Remember it's a wide grip. And we're going to do a regular deadlift with a wide grip. Just to get used to that if the person ever wants to do a pull from the floor and do some type of snatch. Then we're just getting them used to that particular. And it's also a fantastic exercise. Four stabilization and strength. And then the press pattern just a single leg dumbbell, arm dumbbell press. And the arm press, the reason why we chose an arm dumbbell press where they're going to come out is just for shoulder mobility and getting a range of motion to get them out. Why are we on a single leg? One because we're in the stabilization endurance phase. And we have that luxury and that ability. And that's what we're trying to do. We're really trying to focus on the arm ulcerative control. And we get someone to control the hip complex. And with the foot on the floor because we need to have symmetrical, lower body control in order to do the lifts properly. So that's why we chose it in the single leg. And then we just ended up with a scape pull up, which is if you're doing a pull up, it's just using the downward movement up into the elbows and you can do the same thing with a pull down. So if you don't have a pull up bar and don't have access to it, you're just doing this is like a scape pull down. And that shows on there just to start getting some scape stabilization. Okay, let's and I want to ask you a question about the acute variables. So we have two sets, two sets of 15. That type of volume is appropriate for this level. Macing daunting, depending on the lifts and the athlete you have in front of you. Can you elaborate a little more? We've the three of us have talked about volume and how you can load it and manipulate rest periods and still be and still meet the requirements for stabilization. But can you talk to us a little bit more about different ways you can load this and have it still be stability training? Okay. So first and foremost, stability training will come a lot from the temple. So remember these are slower temples and there's a purpose for slower temples. And people oftentimes have no clue where they completely overlook. When I slow that tempo down, I'm fortunate and nervous system to have your constantly fire and getting that constant fire is a great way to create stabilization. You're also using a lower weight because of the higher repetition scheme. And so with a lower weight, the higher repetitions scheme, you're able to sustain a longer motion, a longer time under tension. And that's important to build up the nervous system and it's nerve-rusted or connection, which is what we need for stability. We need those and even the type one and lower types to be able to consistently fire without fatiguing. And so that's the purpose of having the different two variables. If you have people and this happens a lot and this happens and stuff we had to address when we first came out with the model is sometimes people can only get six to eight repetitions at a slow tempo. And a slow tempo should really be fairly slow. It shouldn't be like 1,000 won. That's not really slow. That's a little bit faster. So you should have a couple of seconds of each centric and a second or two of pausing somewhere in a second that's coming up. So there should be a slower tempo if you really want to maximize this particular phase. And so if the person can only get maybe six to eight repetitions of good form, then give them a second or two to have a rest. There's no problem having a few seconds of rest and then do a few repetitions because remember it's about doing, it's not about doing the number of repetitions. It's about following the acute purables and following the mechanical path that you want the body to follow. That's what we're really talking about here. So whether you do a repetition and rest for a second and a repetition and rest for a second, there's many ways that you can go and have the amount of volume that you want. You want a little bit of volume in this particular phase of training because that's going to build up the endurance capacity and the ability for the tissue to recover so you can build strength and build power upon that. So whether it's a rest in between every repetition for people or whether you do three to four to five repetitions and rest, that's dependent upon the person and door yourself. Do not be afraid to use that to maximize the person's ability to safely control and do the performed exercise the way that it needs to be done. And Kyle, do you have anything to add to that discussion? I do. So one on the talking about the tempo, the speed and it's very important, especially in corrective exercise too, but also here, especially in phase one. We need to remember that we're trying to relearn a movement pattern. So it's going to take mindfulness. They need to pay attention and in Daniel Coil and the talent code talks about deep practice really well. And it's one of those things where if you make a mistake, you stop, you go back and you redo it. So it's not necessarily about that total volume per se. It's about making sure that each movement is a high quality movement, moving slower is going to make them have to concentrate on that movement more and they're going to learn it better. They're going to build those patterns. They're going to build those connections quicker if they focus on it that way. So there's a lot of good reasons for those acute variables there. One of the other things I wanted to touch on are actually two other things. Going back to foam rolling up there, we have the glutes and we touched on this a little bit. I think it was the second webinar. Maybe it was the first. Just because we're foam rolling something doesn't mean we're trying to inhibit it. Using the roller that compression is going to increase fluid flow and blood flow. And a lot of times our tissues just get stuck. So whenever you're rolling back and forth on something you're kind of mechanically moving those tissues around. So notice here how we're rolling the glutes, but then we're going to get into some a squat pattern, hinge pattern. So those things are deadlift where we're going to actually work the glutes. Rolling the glutes in this case is going to make them a fire and function much better. Once you get down to some of those other exercises. That's one of those things. It's not always black and white. There's a couple different reasons where we were roll things. Last thing I'll touch on dynamic stretching. We have to keep in mind here that if those clients, if you're clients to do that, they must be able to control. So if they're not able to control the motion, if they're moving too quickly, if they don't have good form, then they're not quite ready for dynamic stretching here. We could put it a little bit later or maybe we just wait a little bit to put it in there. So it's excellent. To excellent pattern or a progression to go from foam rolling, stretching to the dynamic as long as they can control it. And if not, then there before we'll add in a little bit. It's going out standard. Yeah. And I want to go down to the last cut. Well, let's start at the end first. So if you're going to cool down, you're going to address, address some of the things that you did in your warm up with, finishing up with a static stretch. And also any self-modifaxial technique, you'd be the on the foam roller vibration. Whatever it is, you have available. But we have a new section in there called Client's Choice. And Kyle said in the beginning, and very true, your customers are paying for a service. So if Mr. Jones wants big guns, you better give him big guns. And I'll get him to do some bicep curls. So it is, and that's completely okay if we talk about the fit process, the fit acronym that you see in your textbook, that last part is in joining. We want to get the clients through our clients through some of the things they need. But also, you want to give them a heavy dose of things that they want to do, because that's going to keep them motivated and keep them coming back to you. Sorry to that rapport. I'm just about to write a non-session. Yeah. Sure. Great, maybe if I'm wrong, but that doesn't have to be F. After they're worked out. Yeah. You can go to that point. You're right. Besides, they do, it's just so you prepare them. So again, the template is a structure for you, but in that case, that doesn't mean that you have to follow that otherwise, you blow up or something. Yeah, and in some cases, in some cases, we do, right? So we want to foam roll before we get into some things there. But I mean, that is. Yeah. So first thing in the morning, with Bicep Curls. So I'm a Chuck Norris Total Jam. Before we move on to the next template, Haley Haley, and forgive me, if I'm not saying your name properly, but welcome. Thank you for jumping on today and listening to us. Her question is, and this is both of you can answer this. Want to client tends to lean too far forward, and also has issues with ankle mobility, which denies full range of motion. How would you approach this for warm up and activation? So you touched on this in the very beginning Kyle. So let's start with you. So is it, is it, is the question more regarding ankle mobility or the forward lean R, the two associated? Or maybe? And the way I'm reading it, I'm making the assumption that I think that that connection is there, yes. So the first thing I would do is take point back to the assessment process, elevate the heels, and see if they still have that forward lean. If they still have the forward lean, even with the heels elevated, then I would want to do some mobility testing around the hips to see like a modified Thomas test before familiar with that, or you could just Google it to see if or looking at this second webinar. Rodney talked about it to see if we have something anterior aspect of the hip that is is wanting to pull the torso forward. So I would do that. If you elevate the heels in the movement is better, there's no more forward lean. Then we have a pretty good idea that it's something at the foot ankle complex. So then our rolling and active mobility and activation would be a foam rolling of the calf complex. So solely as open to the gastrointemium, we would then go into a static cap stretch. I prefer the standing stretch up against a wall or with an ankle board, but there's other ways you can do it. For our activation, we would want to activate some of the tilly allys anterior on the front part of the foot that would be kind of our main thing. The idea there is we're freeing up that motion the posterior aspect of the leg and then we're going to try to add some stability or some of that activation to the anterior aspect of the leg and then an integration could be something like what we're doing here. Something like a squat pattern would be perfect as long as they can maintain a good form with that or a ball wall squat. So they're pushing up against the wall a little bit to get some erect spine activation. It would be one approach. Great. Thanks for that explanation, Anne Haley. I hope that answers your question and before we move on, a preptist real quick. On that just to add to exactly what I was saying, if that person, the activation wants to continue to move or you have a client that wants to move, you can always have them do something to activate the anterior tip like I was saying, exactly right. They could be in a bridge position or they could be even doing a ball bridge. They could be on their heels and just have the toes lift it up. Just make sure that the feet are straight and they're not turned out to just keep them up and have them turned in. Or sometimes you can even have their toes together and lifted so they're actually kind of touching each other to that way they'll keep them from going into an external rotated position and that way you can get some movement for your client as well as get that anterior tip activation. So they could have their feet elevated. The toes elevated on their heels, going to a bridge and then come back down, drop the feet, relax back up, up, down, so they could do that. And that's just one way that I've used with Kyle was talking about for people who want to move. They don't want to just do like this simple little timing exercise that you can do as well. Okay. Thank you. Thank you for that. And our next question is from, I don't know if I'll be out of say this with an accent. I don't know where he's coming from but Gerardo, Gerardo, he wants to know how long do you recommend this warm up should take place on average. How long, what's the time limit on this? Let's go with you, Kyle. Yes. So what are we, what are we saying warm up there? The foam rolling stretching, dynamic stretching, that's going to be 8 to 10 minutes. If we look at rolling 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 areas, and then moving through the static stretch, so maybe 12 minutes for that. Definitely wouldn't take very long to work through it. And that's kind of the point, whenever we look at a warm up, you know, that a general warm up client hops on the treadmill for 5 to 10 minutes. Well, let's do something more individualized, more specific, and have them go through those three steps. It's going to take them again 10 to 12 minutes. And then we're ready to get to the activation and the skilled development after that. Okay, great. So let me follow up, Rodney. Now we know that some clubs, when we all get back to business, we have sessions that are 30 minutes, some 30 minutes and 45 minute sessions. How can we maximize this warm up, be efficient with it so that we can get to the meat of the training. What people are paying for? Yes, so there's two things. One, what are you going to be working on that day? What's kind of your main crux? And then you pick the various of the body that are more specific to that, or what we call the biggest bang for your buck. What are the things that are going to be the most overall value? So you're going to eliminate. So maybe it's depending on, and this is where the assessment becomes so vital, because if you know exactly what's going on, maybe the person didn't have any, any caps, after you. So you can eliminate that one. There wasn't something that was in there. You have LATS and PECS, which one gives you the best bang for buck? A lot of times people will go with LATS because it's a biarticular muscle, but that doesn't mean that necessarily has the biggest bang for the buck. So it could be either the PECS or the LATS. Depending on what is, or you do a T-spawn and you do the T-spawn with your elbows out and you're rolling over it. So you're actually getting some of that elongation all part of that. So there's different ways that you can pick and choose and give you the things that are the biggest bang for the buck. And that goes with going back to what we talked about in the very first one is the more you know, the more you can ascertain from your assessment process and from working with your client, which ones do I need to have and how can I best use those to get through that in five or six minutes instead of 10 to 12 minutes? Yeah. And if we take that back to Haley's question, let's say we identify it's a foot n ankle, then we're going to end of end of we're limited in time. We're going to roll and stretch the calves. We're going to do just like Rodney was talking about an integrated exercise where we're getting some glutes and anterior tibialis at the same time. And if that's your warm up, we're done in eight minutes and eight minutes. You've you've added movement where we need to add movement. We've got the blood to flow and we've activated some muscles and now we're ready to get down into the rest of the program. Last thing is teaching how to do it and then they do it before you meet. Just make sure they can do it the right way. All right. Thank you, gentlemen, for that explanation. I hope that does answer the question. So now we're going to up against the hours. So let's go to level two strength endurance training. And let's start. We understand why we want to do inhibition and lengthening and we're doing more active stretching in this phase. Let's go to activation and Rodney talked us through why you picked the exercise that we did here and walk us through the next three segments of the template please. Yeah, so the activation very simply is we're looking at posterior anterior chains. So we just want to see how how we can start to increase and activate those, giving a little bit of core stabilization. So that core strengthens that particular area. And then we just went into the barbell high pill, high pull. So now we're just going into the high pill with balance. So we turned this into the balance exercise, which was what we did with the dowrod and the first one. So remember from from these three templates, there's been weeks in between them. So we've increased the person's ability to actually do what's supposed to do. So all we're doing in this activation is basically now a simulated warmup continuation from just getting the circulation flowing to actually starting to get the nervous system prepared for what we're going to do in the skill development because now I'm a skill development skill development. We're going to go through almost like a tricep. So we're going to do barbell drive shrugs. So three of those boom boom boom boom and then we're going to go right into three high pulls and then actually getting in right into the clean. So three little power planes boom boom boom and then we're going to do three sets of three, three on that and then we're going to go into the same thing with the snatch grip. So all of those activations are just preparing us. So remember the string leg deadlift is kind of doing just a hip extension. Well, we're going to need hip extension when we start doing the drive shrug high pull and the cleanest snatch. And so that the rationale behind us. Okay, great, great. Now I had a question in one of our other outlets regarding how we organize exercise. And I just want to talk about the similarities a little bit. You used the term tricep in some of my education back in the middle ages. I was I used the term complexes. So can you talk about the difference the difference in similarities, differences in similarities between those two? Well, complex just means that there's a few different exercises or more than one exercise you're going to be doing in the back to back and that's the same thing tricep was just there's three and it's the same position you're just doing a drive shrug high pull power clean. That's a B1. That three revolutions of each one. So you have three different ones. So I just said try you call it. Yeah, no. I mean, there's so many names work pick one. Yeah, I know. And I just wanted to bring that point out. So it's all the same thing. We're saying the same thing because we have to sometimes educate from a textbook. We can't use every term or it will completely blow the text. So I just wanted to let everyone know that there's some similarities there. And it's just how will you work? Okay. I don't know if that's not B. I got you all B. Yeah, absolutely. So let's talk about what we're doing. Now we picked. We're working on level two, but this is specifically a phase two stabilization endurance workout. Can you take us through that particular block? Tell us what we what we're doing in phase two, superset training and what we want to accomplish with these the techniques that you chose here. We're just getting some of the components of an Olympic lift kind of thrown in here. So we have overhead squat. So overhead squat. So we start talking about a push-hanging press. Overhand squat is as you have a bar overhead depending on what you're doing. We're hoping that by the time we get into phase two, the person's able to have a bar. Now whether it's a 45 combo or a 35 combo or a 35 combo or because there's different weighted bars. That's dependent upon the person's ability. Just getting them to start squatting in an overhead position, fantastic exercise. Then getting into a single leg, dumbbell squat to overhead press, just to get that total body aspect because it's a great combination, superset. And then just some basic exercise, strength exercise, bench press, suspension, just to work on because we're working on strength. This person wants to put a little bit more force through the system. They want to increase their strength. And in this particular phase we're doing that. We have a deadlift. So now we're doing some more deadlift with a snatch grip. And we also have that parted with a straight leg deadlift or a Romanian deadlift. And then we have the kettlebell. So we're just trying to strengthen the areas of the body that are going to need to be strengthened. That will help the person in their Olympic lifting. The press is a kettlebell warm arm push press. So we're just getting a little bit of dip and then ball combo one again. Okay, great. So let me ask you a couple of questions or I want you to clarify something. Can you explain the difference again? We've talked about this in multiple webinars and even a little bit earlier. But tell us the difference again between the clean grip and the snatch grip. So clean grip is going to be about just thinking if you put your thumbs on the other side. That's about the width that you're going to have with a clean. And a snatch grip is going to be wide enough to work. If you had the bar and you were holding the bar as the hands will be as wide and take a loud bar to sit right in the crease of the hip. So if you were to bend forward, that's where the bar would be or if you were to lift your legs up. It would sit in that crease without being pushed and moved around. So snatch grip usually wide relative to the crease of your hip. Loss the bar is there and the snatch grip is closer just outside by way. Okay. And my final question this may come up later. When we do that bio mechanical match superset, you have the single leg RDL there. We do in that same side or a contract lateral as the next side. That's a great question. That depends on the person obviously. Sure. I always like doing the lateral side. Okay. I'm just having added hip influence, but that's going to depend upon the particular person. And or sometimes if you're holding a kettlebell, you may use both hands to go down. So just to show who they are, what a limit you're going to use and what their capable doing. Okay. That is thank you for that. Kyle, do you have anything to add to this template? So real quick on just talking about it over at press use that doesn't progress. So you can start off if you're doing you know same side, hips a lot of aerosoling leg deadlift to single leg press of your first progression may be to go to contract lateral because just like Rodney said, that's going to load the hip a bit more. So your same side's less loader on the hip may actually assist the motion and then on the other side there it'll be a bit more challenging. The only thing I want to touch on here is whenever we look at activation, the cool and balance and this is going to be more for our our our our try to do in ASM group that are going to look at that and think we're in the strength level yet here we're talking about core and we're not doing an exercise that encourages full range motion that you center can concentrate dynamic control the way the text looks as for the spine. One of the things to understand here is a whenever we look at a barbell deadlift, any variation of a deadlift that's going to work the glute to which is technically a core muscle but be we're using that or you could use that to sort of serve this role of helping to stiffen the spine or help to activate those core stabilizers. So then whenever you move down to the more progressive parts those more challenging parts of the of the template your your core is fired up and ready to go so we can think of that. Those some of the score movements there is a core activation type of movement which is very much necessary for the rest of this program. Or an advantage as I should say for the rest of this program. All right. Thank you. Thank you for that and let's move on. We're really backing up to the to the hour. So let's go to that level three down to a slide. I think that's 13. There we go. Okay. James been with us a few months. She wants to become a machine. She needs she wants to hyper alloy endoscelatin covered with human skin. She's driven by micro processor talk about what we're doing in an activation now of Rodney activation and skill development please. We're just we're going to be increasing the load and you can increase the speed of the motion as well in this particular one just to get them used to what they're basically again. We're going to use the activation as a sequence to get the the skill development going which is going to be much more specific to the Olympic list. So we can do a Paul press and you can also instead of just going straight out the pinnick of a table or if it's a mini band if you're going to go out you can also go up overhead. So you can have that just to get that particular warmed up we're going to go right into barbell deadless just to get the deadlift and the pulling aspect going and then we're going to have some overhead squat. So you'll see if you look at the progression a lot of the exercises that were used in the resistance to start to migrate up into the warm up because the person's progressing in their capabilities and so some of the things that will start seeing that we were using an overhead squat as one of the exercises and now we're actually using it as one of the core exercises because it has the core exercise and it also is great for the strength and the shoulder group as well and then we're going to get right into doing some snatch balance. Now snatch balance is is a pretty skilled exercise so you're actually holding bar you go to the next actually the next picture of the show. The snatch balance is where you how you start with the bar in a squat position, wide grip because it's snatch. You're going to dip down the number two slide you're going to dip it in knees just give you a little dip and then you're going to drive it up so you actually can see here, Lawrence feet are off the ground, you're going to drive it up as you drive it up the bar is going up and you land and you catch it there. So it's a skilled activity, great kind of nervous system activation component involved in there but that's part of a skill that you're going to need so we can go back to 13 now if you want great. And then from there we're going to go into the drive shrub high pool from the floor this time. So this is why we did dead lifts in the core because we're going to start pulling from the floor for our drive shrub. So let's start into the knee or the hip now we're going to bring the more from the floor and go right into that drive shrub. So we're actually going to go from floor straight up and then we'll do the same thing with the high pool. So we were doing the dowel rod in the beginning from the hip drive shrub high pool and now we're doing a barbell from the floor. So we're starting to get much more load and much more sequencing of motion and so that's why the activation looks the way that it does versus potentially what you would normally do. And it's not that you couldn't take medicine ball exercises and do that but this is to get a little bit more specific to what you're doing. Could you do a medicine ball from the floor and do like an overhead throw or something? Yeah, you absolutely could do something like that as well. So we're just trying to be a little bit more specific to what we're doing here. And then we just finished the skill development with power snatch which is going to be from the knee. So now we're going to boom all the way up into the snatch and the power clean going right into the power clean from the knee position. Yes. And you brought up a good point and I want Kyle to talk about this as well. That activation component can what you're really trying to do specifically in this case and you mentioned it Rodney is you're trying to get the movement patterns, get your nervous system to key in on the movement patterns that you're going to use for the more complex lifts. So as a marsh working with martial artists and boxers while you can't really mimic what's happening exactly in a punch you can mimic that rotational pattern driving off of the driving off of the foot, get in a little rotation through the trunk. So Kyle, can you explain why we're talking about activation in this way, pull at the power level. We're not talking about fast explosive movements, but now we're using different we have some anti rotation movements here. We're using dead lifts. Yes. Watch on. Well, touch on it a little bit and then Rodney may be able to correct what I said wrong. But one of the things to think about here again if we look at this in terms of that corrected or blending that correct event, we're still going to try to activate. However, if we look at the in Ronney touched on it to the traditional model word, look at rate of force production through the core of some of those explosive movements, what I would encourage people to look down into that resistance training. We're going to start to do a barbell squat, dumbbell shoulder press and these are in the power level. These are going to be a higher intensity. So we have to remember we're super setting that max strength and power. So barbell squat, that's going to be 85 to 100% estimated one right max or loading the spine there. So it would really be who of us up on this activation to get again some of that activation. So that's stiffening up the spine, exciting those muscles, getting them ready to provide that stability in that support that they're going to need once we get down there into resistance training. So that would be a key reason to look at that anti rotation and something like a deadlift where you're going to be activating those muscles with whether you're using drawing in or you're using or a combination of both. So you're activating those muscles there and then whenever we work down they'll be primed and ready to fire whenever they're underloat. Okay. That's what a perfectly said tile, you're you're you're smaller. The only thing I'd add to that is there's what we did is we wanted to put, wanted to put a corrective exercise and an Olympic lifting twist into a program that you have already accustomed to seeing in the days five in the power training days. So we have a lot of medicine ball throws and things in that. We didn't necessarily want to put them in the activation because you don't want to have that up there and then do it again down there for all these reasons. So think of the activation in skills skill development is kind of like one block of your training session and the resistance training is a second one. In the activation skill development we're preparing the body and really trying to focus in and doing some some some Olympic lifting. We want to get that involved in, get the body, I committed that, get it used to doing that. Now we're starting to do some power cleans and power snatches you're going to do up to five repetitions and so you're going to be using some weight that you can get five times and we want that explosive. So that mostly says explosive not fast. So that's part of explosive and then they're going to rest and now you're going to get right into your normal phase five training which is the super set of a strength and power exercise. So that's going to have more motion that's involved in it and slightly different motions that's all. So something kind of that is already known and you guys most of you have seen before part of it with something you don't know and we also want to just show that there's there's variance in what you can do still within the parameters of what we're trying to accomplish in this phase of training. Remember, ultimately we're trying to get someone to do some Olympic lifting and the power clean and the power snatch are explosive lifts when they're done properly and you've learned how to do them. It's time to be explosive with them and that's part of what we're doing in this power training phase. I noticed the volume is it maximally high, we're only doing four total sets of that Olympic lift which matches the four sets that we're doing in the rest of the training. But we have to prepare the body in order to get those done and to get them done with proper technique and proper velocity. Yes, that is great. And then for those of you who want to graduate, there is another level where you can devote that you can devote specifically to a weightlifting or have your program focused around that in the PES content. It's not for the purposes of that webinar, but there's another level that you can take this for your clients. And I think now after going through level three, Jane Doe here is sufficiently strong and with that that brings us to the end of our webinar and we're closing. We have a few business items to take care of. First of all, I want to ask any of you if you have any questions. These are very smart gentlemen and while we have them online, we want to make sure that we get some, we want to get answers from them. I think they have answers for you. And while we're waiting for that, you can say 35% on the new CES course. You can use the code for this webinar, webinar 22. And that is a phone-only code and you can redeem that by calling 8887731827. That's 888773187 and that code is webinar 22. You can also save 15% on a Lego apparel and equipment and you can use the code Capital NASM Lowercase web, WEB15 and to redeem that, you can go to strengthware.us. We do have a winner for the free CES course. And this is our winner is Andrea Andrea Rackamelli. I will take your information. Yes, congratulations. You are going to, I think you're going to enjoy the CES course and I hope you're able to take that and start to really use that for training your training your community. And as we're closing, Rodney, what do you want to give our listeners as takeaways? Give us takeaways. I understand the flow, flow of the assessment process. I understand that the purpose behind it, the more you know the better it works for you or the more that you can do with that I should say. It'll work regardless of what you know. And don't be afraid to incorporate some of the Olympic lists. That's one of the reasons why you're on here. In a slow progressive third, there isn't really a right in wrong. You can put them in a variety of different places and put the derivatives in a variety of places. It just makes sure that you've matched it to the ability of wherever you're working with, whether it yourself or someone else. And to the purpose of the phase of training, remember the viewing view of the OQT model is that the phases of training, map two specific adaptations that are necessary for the body to go through and order to achieve optimal performance. And if you can match your exercise and if you've variables to that, then you just increase the ability of it to work for you. And other than that, thank you so much for being part of this in these last three sessions. Yes, thank you. Thank you. I've learned a lot and spending time with both of you gentlemen in between these webinars has been education. I've had to go back and crack a few books so that so that I could keep up even a little bit during our webinars. Before we get to U-Kyle, we have a couple of questions. And this one, we'll let you take this one first Rodney. This is from Nicola. And what she wants to know is, with an experience lifter, do you start from level one or can you go to level two or three? Well, actually this will be for both of you, but let's start with you Rodney. Yeah, more than likely you can start in a higher level depending on what they're used to doing, what type of how much volume a training they're used to, they're training history, all of those different components. So if end opinion on where they're at and what they want to accomplish with that particular time, that will tell you what phase you want to start. And so it's easier to start in a level two or even four or five depending on where they're at phases, phase wise. So that would be what you what may change in that is the corrective component that we would add relative to that person depending on what they've shown us through the assessment process that we've done. So where are they currently? What have they been doing? And then what's the assessment show you? And that will let you know where you can start. And then what would you need to address from a corrective exercise standpoint to get them to that level? Yeah, and before I give that over hand that over to you, Kyle, I want to highlight that. Yeah, it really depends. It does depend on what that assessment shows you. If there are assessments pretty clean, you can you can start them at a higher at a slightly higher, at a slightly higher level because you also want to respect the fact that if they've had a lay off, if this is something new, you want to give their nervous system and their tissues time to adapt to the stress of the training as well. So I wouldn't take anyone off the street regardless of their experience and get them right into a phase five training. But yeah, you let your assessment drive, let your assessment and your clients ability drive where they start in their training. And Dr. Stoll, what do you say about that? I agree, it's we present the model in the text in a linear fashion, but it doesn't have to be followed literally linearly, the undulating periodization. You can move some stuff around. You can do this. You can do that. But back to what you guys said, it depends on their experience in their abilities. Whatever we say, whatever you say, their assessment is relatively clean. Well, we have to remember those stages of the assessment. That means they had pretty good static posture. They had nice control of the overhead squat. They could execute the single-lick squat or the split-leg squat. We put them under load and they still did relatively well under load. Or we took them to that dynamic assessment. They check all those boxes and let's say they're like you said, print us in there. Maybe they've been off for a little bit and they're just not getting back. If we start them at phase two, we're also getting those phase one adaptations. Because we're super-sitting, at least down in the other part, we're super-sitting some strength with some stabilization. So it's not like we're just neglecting stabilization in endurance. We're still getting those adaptations, but let that assessment in their experience. Guide your programming. That's what it's there for. Okay, and we'll give the next question to you, Kyle, and let you close us out. Kelly wants to know, what's the tempo? What's the tempo for strength endurance? Super-sets. The tempo for strength endurance, super-sets. So I would start off with the first one moving at a medium to moderate pace. So your strength exercise is typically going to be, if believe the text we provide some ranges, but usually two zero two. So two second E-centric, no pause, and the ice metric, two second concentric. However, don't necessarily have to count it out. We just want a medium inconsistent tempo moving through that. Whenever we look at strength, that's what we're trying to do is move and control load so we keep a consistent movement through there. Whenever you super-sut that, we want to go back to the stabilization tempo. Again, it doesn't have to be exactly four, two, one, but slow it down. Really try to slow down that E-centric in that stabilization at a bit of an ice metric, and then we can do whatever on the concentric. So think of a medium tempo through that first-born consistent movement, and that super-set lets slow it down and really try to work on that E-centric control primarily, but just control in general. Okay, thank you for that. And Kyle, what's your takeaway for everyone today? Take away back to the assessment. So like we've already talked about, use the assessments. The assessments are designed to make programs or to make your programming effective and efficient. So that means if you follow that flow like we've been talking about, it should not take you that long. You could, if you're brand new and you don't know, you don't necessarily know what to do, just follow what's in the text, follow step one, step two, step three, and I promise you're going to have enough information to design a safe and effective program. If you have more experience, you dig a little bit deeper, try to figure out a little bit more about what's going on with a joint mechanics or whatever. So it really just depends on your level, but stick to that logical sequence and logical flow. It's going to be advantageous for everyone. The other part is understanding the variability in how dynamic the OPPT model is. We don't tell you what to do, we just tell you how to do it. So it depends on your experience, depends on your education, the tools you have in your bucket, you can put them in there. There's a spot for anything in the model. You just have to figure out where to put it and how to execute. So that would be my two big takeaways from promise. Well, thank both, thank you for that. Those explanations, Kyle, and thank both of you for doing Rewebinar as I said before. It's been a really fun learning experience, and I hope that everyone out there listening has as much fun as I did. And I want to thank all of you who've been with us through all three of these webinars. And I hope that you, you got something, at least one thing that you can take back and start practicing today. Thank you all, and we will see you next time.

=== FILE: Creating a Legacy The Business of Womens Fitness with Shannon Dey [fSseGbLq2zY].txt ===

It's a company wide mantra you all have to believe in the same thing and and and you know my my core foundation of how I do business I actually take from Lamar Hunt who was the owner of the Kennedy Chiefs I cheered for them for five years and the first time I walked into a meeting When I became you know part of the team That then Lamar Hunt came and he spoke to us and he said I want everyone in the Chiefs organization There's one rule you don't treat the guy cutting the grass any differently than you treat the quarterback He said everybody's the same you're listening to the peak physique podcast with Andre Adams on the NASM podcast network Hey guys welcome back to another episode of the NASM peak physique podcast I'm your host Andre Adams NASM master trainer and I have BB physique Olympian today Our episode is going to be building an empire in fitness with Shannon Day of team bombshell AKA bombshell fitness from the dawn of the bikini division to building an empire CEO and founder of bombshell fitness Shannon Day It's going to join us to talk strategy Strength and evolution of women in fitness And you know just a little background before we bring her in Shannon has a master's degree in health education With an emphasis on sports management exercise science Shannon has dedicated her career to empowering women through fitness And I actually was just down in Shannon's current home town, which is Orlando Florida for the NPC women's workshop So she's always been there just supporting and empowering women welcoming to the show for the very first time Shannon Day Oh, thank you Andre I'm so excited to be here. I love it. Thank you All right. If you ever need a height person you let me know. I'll be your height man I will. I'm gonna take you everywhere Let's do it and you know I love Orlando. I got to say though, so I'm in Kenosha with Scott's in and I was a little disappointed when I came to Orlando and January Because I think I brought the snow with me. It was pretty cool. Yeah, you were there in the cold spell. It was freezing Everybody's got to put Sunny Orlando and not so much right I was disappointed. It was actually the same temperature. It was like 31 degrees Fahrenheit when I arrived there Same temperatures it was here in Kenosha. So hopefully it's a little bit better now So it's all your fault. It's definitely my fault. I'll take the blame on that one All right, well Shannon. I want to share your story and kind of like the origin and the vision of You know how team bombshell was even started because there's so much history here Especially at a time when bikini wasn't even a major division just yet So let's start there. What really sparked that initial vision for you know team bombshell and how did you get started? Well, here's what's crazy is there wasn't even a bikini vision at all yet when I started I I had earned my I'd be pro-card in fitness in 2003 and I was in the gym business So I bought and sold health clubs for several years and Lady that actually owned a health club across town from us contacted me and said hey I want you to train me to compete in a show and I said listen You know I only use clubs. I have tons of trainers that are amazing. They can train you whatever She goes, no, I want you so she asked me over and over and over and over and over and over and I finally said listen I'll do it, but I gave her this ridiculous huge amount for 45 minutes and she said yes And I said I'm a trainer now So I know how it started and she won over all in our figure division and people to start of coming to me and When the bikini division came around I went to the national meeting for all the states in the NBC because I'm also the Florida women's chairperson And they just said we're going to do this new division and it was funny Steve Wyberg was stood up there and said they're going to stand like this and like this and that that was it that's all they said So The guy that was the chairman of Florida at the time was having a seminar And he called me and said hey can you come up with some poses and show Sandy and see what you think so I had a Chris is party my house with some clients And we started playing around with bikini posing and that's where bikini posing was born. I took it down to Sandy She said yes, that looks great and which is now the football posing right so that came from And it was crazy I I'd cheered in NFL for several years and and the thing you learn when you cheer is that groups of women are seen as being hotter than they might really be. So when they're dressed alike right so I thought you know what I'm going to take these girls and I'm going to go to the first national that we took them to and I dressed him in matching a Valor Brown track suits and we showed up and no one had done that before. I mean it just hadn't been done and and at that time all the fitness magazines were there and all the photographers were nuts because my girls were all dressed alike And that's where team bombs show was born it was just it just went like this and and yeah here we are meeting Yeah, it's no ball effect from there. Yes, yeah, it's crazy how a lot of times I tell people this all the time You know like even right now right my initial goal was the retired from the corporate world by 30 actually by 40 and I did it at age 35 about five years ago And you don't always know how things are going to evolve or shake up what you've got this kind of big fuzzy vision that you can start to zoom in on and it sounds like that definitely happened with yours You're the well right you have a certain vision of direction and then it just starts happening right and you're in together so I love it. It's organic growth and you saw a demand in the industry and need in the industry something you're passionate about when you marry those two things up you can do some really amazing things One thing they're shanning let's let's go a little deeper right how did you are background in the say health education you know the gym business How did that help you when you first really recognize that demand and then decided all right we're a team let's scale this business let's do some crazy things how do you think you're background help support that oh my goodness you know I When I was in grad school I actually started a program called K you 15 years of University of Kansas that was Did you know personal training and group exercise for the student recreation center they didn't have it before and I started that called it K you 15 and put it together And when I graduated from my master's they actually create a position for me at the university to keep that going because I brought in so much revenue for the school So we I continued that for a couple years before moving to Florida and falling in the health of business is a whole another story But you know the I hate to say that you know you kind of you actually said it a moment ago things just kind of role You know when something is right you have to fight you know you have to fight and work and and I'm a silpra claimed work of hollock But you don't have to fight against it and that's one thing that with bombshell and forming it sure I had to fight you know When the kidney started everybody was complaining that you know all the old school people that it was ruining the sport and that it was like you know this terrible thing and and Believe it or not you know back then the internet wasn't what it was now But they were calling me a cold leader it was the dumbest thing ever and I had to fight against all that but I didn't have to fight the process You know it just kept going and and And you know my business background in the gems taught me how to deal with employees and do all of those type of things which you know That's a whole another ball game from just training on your own so my background in in the health club business surely You know help me with that aspect of things and Like I said just loving what you do and and putting everything you have into it every day Mm-hmm. Yeah, definitely that business acumen and those leadership skills that you develop and a lot of times we're developing like you said in areas that might not directly tie to what we end up doing But it builds the foundation those critical thinking skills relationships, you know the ability to network and and ultimately we got to be likable Right for for us to be in any kind of leadership position Whether it's in a corporate setting or it's running you know a team and a business people have to like you have to be able to motivate and inspire them to do their best if they're athletes or for our staff right when we're developing staff You know, let's take it back to so we're going to stick around in those early years. What were some of the biggest obstacles or challenges Launching that first all female bikini team you mentioned one of them Like you know people not right understanding thing and it's taken away We're hearing the whispers now with fit model Yeah So what other big challenges did you really have to overcome the first couple years you know I I went It was it was in 2007 and it's funny on things happen, you know, we had the big market crash in 2008 and I had been buying and selling health clubs Back then you know the big corporate gyms weren't really a thing so if you own to health club you worked it and then you sold it to someone else that worked it and they bought it on You know sweat equity and they paid you so I had this whole business going to buying and selling gyms and when the market crashed in Oh, eight I had people that I had sold gyms to saying yeah, I can't pay you anymore. So it was it was a terrible time And it was funny because bombshell are just started and I thought you know, but I'm going to put on my effort in the business and see what happens I had nothing. I mean, I'm telling you when I tell you I had nothing I had nothing and the biggest thing that I hope people can come away from From our store here at bombshell is you can build something from nothing, you know, I didn't have I don't have I've never had a bank loan I don't have investors I you know what didn't have some rich husband that funded everything everything we've done has been self funded so Learning that aspect of sacrifice for your business and you know there's times where you're like how am I going to do this If you just keep going and you push every day and you believe in what you're doing It may not turn out exactly as you wanted I don't know mine mine actually has but it it leads you in the right direction as long as you're pushing And and that was really a biggie, you know, I would go to shows and walk around with a notebook and ask girls for their email addresses You know, there because there wasn't really anybody doing what we did and the internet wasn't wasn't is now But I go home with my notebook and enter all my email addresses we got fatses with applications but one of our facts machine You know, things have changed a lot with technology but just pushing pushing pushing and that's what I hope I can inspire other people to do is Is believing what you want to do and push every day you've got to be myopic and your focus Yeah, and that's exactly right you've got to be relentless and one thing that you're hitting on there that resonates definitely with our audience is going to be the passion right passion is really that Thing that helps ultimately reach the highest expression of our talents to an even behind passion being relentless You're going to do some amazing things but you can't get off the gas and it's continuing right we can't like sit back and think oh we've made it Stop learning stop and prove because we'll get past just like anybody else so yeah, keep that motivation and keep that momentum going 100% So you know you mentioned something there and this this is actually good point for discussion Shannon when we talk about how things evolved a lot of times We we talk about how you know the look for bikini has evolved but we talk about that stuff all the time one thing we don't talk a lot about Is how from running a business and a competition prep team for example how has that process evolved you know you mentioned back in the day right I want to get back to his there's no like Google to Google prep coach, you know there's no NSM from BC course But like how how has that part of the business evolved for you guys let's say since 2007 Actually it's gotten easier and it's gotten harder, you know, I don't have to go to every show and collect email address as any more but you know Everybody in their brother is a prep coach now, right? So which is one of the so happy you guys are doing this sort of vacation So that people can really get educated and and those that want to really Thrive can rise to the top with this certification. I think it's amazing But it's it's gotten harder to because the field has gotten more crowded So you have to now, you know, I've turned into a content creator who to thunk it 18 years ago that I'd be you know on my phone making graphics, I mean, I you know, I've got a full-time web guy But in this day and age one person can't do all that right So we all have to learn how to be content creators and do all these things so that's changed dramatically In that sense and and people expect more, which I think is great, you know, I was left in the first probably five years of bombshell I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a no every single girl got the exact same diet and the exact same workout for about five years They all look amazing But it was a very different ball game that it is now Right, you know, we have thousands of different combinations of training programs every month that are you know available to our people so That changed dramatically as well Yeah, it's crazy to see the evolution you know I'm a lifelong fitness slash body building enthusiast myself and you know my dad actually he never competed, but he was he was that guy around here right now He's probably the best shape here where I'm from everyone knew who he was, the call them the beast I remember like being a kid and wanting to be like my dad, you know, at 20 in charms and I remember him drinking like this really nasty amino acid liquid and what I was like, who tasted like day quill or something that's disgusting And there's a one or two protein flavors that tastes like chalk and terror And you know now whether it's the nutrition whether it's the amount of information You know, it's actually scary how easy it is to get information because it might not be the right information Yeah, that's why I'm so happy you guys are doing this that's what's so amazing about this They'll get the right information and it's so important We contacted me that you guys are doing this I was thrilled just thrilled Yep, yeah, now I'm honestly we had an overwhelmingly positive response from the industry which I was so happy to see I know Tyler is very proud of that and like you said, it's really about elevating the entire league Whether it's for our athletes specifically producing better outcomes in a safer, more effective way But also for our coaches right these are tools that people that are maybe just starting out or they're transitioning from athlete to coach This will help give them the framework of actionable strategies to produce physics and help their clients right like you said Help them in the right way though, where we're not putting out bad information either I love it. Yeah, guys, if you guys are just joining us This is the NASM peak physique podcast. We've got a very special guest my friend Shannon Day the founder and CEO The very first bikini prep team team bombshell Shannon, let's keep going with this we got some great time And we love talking business. So Right That's not all when we get to do a deep dive on business and let's keep it going Let's go into maybe a little bit of mindset and lifestyle With prom shell, I know one of the core values that you guys represent is really emphasizing empowerment and community And everything that you guys do especially for the women How do you instill that mindset into whether it's your athletes or your staff? How do you guys instill that mindset and those core values? You know, it's a company wide Montreux. You all have to believe in the same thing and And you know, my core foundation of how I do business I actually take from Lamar Hunt who was the owner of the candidate chiefs I cheered for them for five years and the first time I walked into a meeting When I became part of the team, that then Lamar Hunt came and he spoke to us and he said I went everyone in the chiefs organization there's one rule You don't treat the guy cutting the grass any differently than you treat the quarterback He said everybody's the same And you know, I've always felt that way but it hit me the way he said that And made that part of his I've always felt that way and he said that's the way he said that And he said that the way he did that is what he wanted for his organization And I brought that with me over the years to all of my business and To bomb shell so we don't treat a girl that is competing for Mecellinvia any different than we do a girl to getting ready for a first show Everybody has value everyone is there to chew each other on And you know, it's funny over the years I've had athletes come through And they're the ones who maybe didn't have that attitude and they don't last with us They just don't last with us so it's very it's a community based on Women supporting women to be the best they can be no matter where you are in your journey And that has been really the core of who we are and what we do And I say to my staff every day we have five million text groups It's funny I turn my notifications off for this I'm sure it's going crazy somewhere You know, we say our motto is kicking ass and changing lives that's what our motto is so You know, it's it comes from all of us working together with that same goal And you have to you have to nurture that it doesn't just happen automatically You have to nurture that and I've found the most successful athletes on stage Or the ones that can celebrate the success of others and I know that sounds And I'm not going to I have I really bad mouth I'm being so good I'm not going to say one bad word on this But I call it it's not puppy dog rainbow BS it's true Women and men that can support other people's success and are truly happy for them are oftentimes the most successful just in general Absolutely I agree and that comes down to a bit of you know humility Right, that's mean that we're not confident in fact I think it speaks volumes You've got to be a more confident person to congratulate someone else Even if we lose to someone else right when you can be confident enough to congratulate them and respect that We're going to do better in everything and I think a company culture standpoint I love that we talked about that because it really starts from the top down And that's where like you know having those strong leadership skills can really help set the tone for the any organization Whether it's a contest prep team or business and again, I think that's beautiful that you guys share that mindset I say about our company Bomb show is a ship it's a big ship and all I do is I steer it that's all I do everybody else is the heart of it They run it they do everything I just hopefully decide to steer us in the right direction God willing But it's all of us together that really make this thing happen Yeah, it's got to be a team effort for sure and the collective knowledge on the team too Is definitely going to help drive better results and build that some artery so I love that All of our coaches are going to be and are they all know required to take your certification So yes, I can't stress it enough and you know I'll actually be curious to hear the feedback too And you'll see what I'm talking about once you get the dialogue going among the team like hey, how did you guys feel about this concept that you know I just learned about in Chapter three or the peaking strategies and it's cool because it gets that dialogue going And then you're going to come up with new ways to put those ideas together and build even new or better strategies So it's exciting to be in bodybuilding and Shannon you mentioned something on athlete attitudes too And I want to go deeper with that one of my questions for today was what role does mental toughness play in an athlete success on and off stage Right, so we'll just we'll go being mentally tough, but maybe even having a positive attitude how far does that play into an athlete success Oh my goodness, it's really everything and you know I have been accused of I'm old school I'm a little harsh, you know, but I I always tell people and I tell our athletes and I tell our coaches just just do it just do what you got to do you know don't complain about it don't This is a choice and I think that's a big thing that people need to remember you're not a martyr because you're doing your cardio and you ate your food You're not a martyr because of it. This is your choice. You're choosing to do it enjoy the ride or get off this ride. I mean, it's really that simple to me And you know the thing about this sport that I think is amazing and there's so many things about it that are But it teaches that mental toughness you can't rely on anybody else to do this and I think you know I one thing that we hear a lot of time from our transformation clients is I don't have any support. I don't have any support I don't have any support at home. We'll guess what in body building. Yes, we support each other. But at the end of the day you're going you're the one eating the food no one else is doing it You're the one that's going to jump you learn to be tough on your own and to push yourself and and that Not that self awareness and knowledge is invaluable. You know, we say there's no crying at bombshell. I lose it. You know I'm going to be like, I've been I've been accused of being a little too old school, but there's no crying a bomb show. You know, we you don't live and I've got to show you you if you're going to lose more than you're going to win. That's part of the deal For anyone even Olympia champions if you go over the record of their of their their time on stage. They've lost more than they want so you just got a Do it because you love it and you got to just keep going and and don't complain about it. Right. You know, we've got a hashtag that I actually trademarked and it's ain't done yet and that in that In fact mindset right, no matter how good we do we might when the Olympia we might place dead last the second that we step off stage. We have work to do right and that process is a continuum. So ain't done yet We live right highly encourage you guys to just you know, think that mantra on the wall if you need to And you just took the one more thing to before we move on, which is for you guys that are coaches out there. You don't have to be everything to everyone Right. The confident in where your niche is and your core values and if you have athletes that may be apply or you know, it's just starting out and you feel like it's just not a good fit for your coaching style Don't chase the money the money will come get really good at what you're doing and find the right athletes and the right staff and team and support That aligned with your vision and your core values because to Shannon's point if they don't it might be a month from now it might be a year from now you're going to have falling out So we've all been there. I've had staff that start out maybe good and then you realize they don't share the same core values or paradigms as you do and eventually end up Going separate ways, you know that's so true and I got to say what I anybody to ask me about getting into business. I tell them you don't realize You know Anybody can make money and we really anybody can make money, but the dealing with people if you're going to grow past just just yourself That is I think the most difficult and the most challenging thing that a business owner deals with. I'm I'm so you know, not going to let it bust and lucky right now I've gotten an amazing staff and amazing coaching team, but we've had rough time throughout the years and you know we've we've had some Anybody doesn't business, but you're so correct in that everybody has to have that same vision for where you're going in order for it to work They're doing sometimes you don't always know out of the gate, but that's one thing that you get more experience and you know you get further along in your business and you start to scale It's a little bit easier to recognize people that are maybe vibrating at the same frequency as yourself or your business So keep that in mind guys. I'll save you a big headache later 100% 100% All right another thing I want to dive into is women's specific coaching and this will be the hormone for us Shannon so one of the things that we can maybe chop it up on Bum shell emphasizes empowerment and community so we talked about you know instilling some of those other attributes into maybe your athletes or your staff How do you instill that empowerment mindset and a sense of we'll call it self worth in your clients because as you and I know there's a lot of people to get into the sport for the wrong reasons and they're validating their own self worth off of a placing So what things can we maybe what advice do you have for athletes? You know to instill that self worth mindset You know we we talk about this a lot and we have training camps with our clients we do we have a private social network where we do Lecture topics We have like 20 a week it's it's extensive and you know You don't get confidence from looking a certain way or from External factors or someone telling you you want or whatever that's not how it happens Confidence is born through action So if someone comes in and they're not confident the action of becoming Usually we'll bring that confidence out if they approach it with the right mindset if they come in and say you know I only want to win I remember I had a girl a couple years ago come to a camp and she raised her hand and she said How you know how often do people win their first show and I go you're not winning your first show so don't even think about it I don't know I was being I still happening If you do you can come for me wrong, but she looked at me and I said that's because if you go into this with I have to win in order to be happy with it It's not going to work You have to challenge yourself to see what you're capable of and that's where the confidence comes from the confidence doesn't come from I don't look for certain way so I can win and do whatever that's not what it is And we also make sure that we tell women I think this is so important for women It is not a contest of who the most the most prettiest girl in the world is If you don't win it doesn't mean you're unattractive. It doesn't mean you're bad person. It doesn't mean you're not sexy. It doesn't mean anything You know anyone on that stage that day would walk down the street and people lose their mind right so you you're working toward A standard it is who is closest to the criteria on that day you are in a beauty contest you're in a criteria contest And women need to understand that because they want to internalize oh I didn't win so I'm not attracted by look bad You know and I say I'll bring your neck because we don't talk like that, but it's a criteria contest And I think if you if we can get women to understand that they'll go into it with a much healthier attitude It's true to the I've seen the most I've seen girls that I'm like if I looked like her I would be the evil queen of the universe It would be done right I mean I've seen it for like man she's gorgeous and they get less place because they weren't in the criteria on that day They weren't the closest to the criteria so when they understand that and I think we all need to understand that You know athletes can come at it with a little bit different mindset and find the confidence and find the stealth esteem in the action of working toward that goal Yeah, and I love that you touched on redirecting some of the negative self-talk because we can all go through it Right, we don't place as well as we think we should have at that particular show and let's not forget as objective as we try to make our sport There's always a bit of subjectivity as well right these aren't it's not a power lifting contest where we lifted this way Or we didn't lift it it's you know the angles and the conditioning and the way that we present our physique the lighting The suit selection right the whole nine yards and then who else is on stage next to us that particular day So to Shannon's point it's really who meets the criteria the best on that specific day and then displays that in the best possible way But you know it's redirecting negative self-talk because we we all will get in our own head and like oh, you know Maybe I don't look as good as I thought or you know I'm not a good athlete or maybe I need to change coaches that For inexperienced athletes that's the first thing that pops in their head Yeah, that's a really But I mean I I that you know you don't have to throw everything away It's little tweaks it's a little tiny tweaks and and again you can't live and die by the show and that's that's a big advice for not only athletes But for coaches in the beginning I would live and die by the show I go to a show and if our girl didn't we and I'd be like oh my god It's over we're done, you know it was like this big dramatic thing and then you realize listen there's the show next weekend And we just keep pushing and they keep getting better and you know there's times where you think your athletes should have won and they don't there's times where you're like I looked at an athlete on stage that I had never liked me and she didn't look good and they won you know So you never know how it's going to go on that day I can't live and die by the show you got to you got to learn from it right learn from You know whatever your athletes didn't do well that day figure out why don't just say oh well I'm going to go next show you need to think that through but you can't live and die by it because you'll drive yourself insane 100% and it's an iterative process Right, so make sure that we're getting like the judges feedback we are doing our own feedback like we've seen enough physics and athletes We kind of know what things we need to work on But once we get to that certain level right when we're coaching pros and ultimately Olympians It does get hard even for us coaches to figure out well Shoot she looks amazing what are the few things that we can improve because I guarantee you you can be the reigning Mr. or Miss Olympia There's still some things that we can fix on that physique of course You know it's just a continuous improvement and like you said sometime it's just as simple as natural progression of staying in prep a little bit longer and tweaking a few things Maybe tweaking the peak strategy and then you know just really continuing to make those improvements over the long haul And what did you say your hashtag list? Ain't done yet Yeah, see you there you go So you know one of my good friends in the sport is actually called wasser and we kind of paired her mantra and my mantra I always say ain't done yet and then she'll chime in with just getting started and that's the mindset that you really got to have like like for her after 50 wins It's like just getting started right? I love it Alright guys if you're just joining us welcome back to the NASM Peak Physique podcast We have a special guest Jan and Dave from team bombshell in the house Jan let's go down a little deeper on some business and coaching Okay, one of the questions that I get often is you know about people that are maybe transitioning as we did from athletes to coach And I'd love to hear your advice to new coaches especially women who want to really break into the competition prep space Maybe they were previously athletes current athletes or maybe their personal trainers But they want to start working with athletes Well my my new number one recommendation is to get this certification. That's my number one recommendation. Yes, and Actually go to shows. I'm always shocked if people that are coaching and like oh, I've only been to two shows go to shows And take a clipboard and judge the show sit there like you're a judge and judge and they come back to finals and see how you did that's how you learn You don't learn by just you know going to a show and running around and chatting with people you really need to study what's happening on stage and what the judges are choosing That I think is so important so you know go to the show take a take a notebook take whatever and you know do your own judging and see if if you have the same eyes the judges because that's what matters You know it doesn't matter like I said I've seen the most beautiful mirror the world get last place. It doesn't matter what I like it doesn't matter what you like it's what the judges like So you have to be able to understand what the judges like in order to create the body that the judges like So that's a biggie take the time do your research go and and do that to really educate yourself as you know as you go Yeah, you're exactly right and I think to your point there's so many whether they're new athletes or you know new coaches that are just can start it That don't understand the value of really getting at the shows constantly talking to the judges Build relationships with other athletes coaches this is you like you got to be a sponge like you got to be a student of the game and I love just studying the sport right if there's a big show happening I'm gonna be watching you know if it's it's pro if it's the Arnold if it's a limpia. I'm watching the trends. I want to know what's going on and then regionally right when you when you have a series of regional shows you in your coaching athletes at those You certainly want to be at those to understand what things maybe are trending in my area because there can be subtle differences right it's a universal standard however There's going to be subtle differences when you go to a show in Tokyo and you go to a show here in Kenosha, Wisconsin Right, so you got to make sure that you're staying up on all of these trends especially for the newer divisions to write Something like fit model for example if you think about when wellness first started it was it was a nightmare But at the same time it was a huge opportunity for coaches to be up with what is being rewarded and where could the judges are also figuring out the new divisions as we go Right, so it's like the first few shows I think a lot of people with fit model this year I think muscle contests had the first fit model overall champion and I can't tell you how many times I bet you 15 to 20 times I got that video sent to me and they're like coach is this the so is this the standard we need it because I don't look like I'm like guys Go to the standard I'm going to say it's the standard but that's the best to your earlier point She had the best your closest mesh to the criteria that we think we want to see if we're model that day right on that stage And so you really do have to stay up on those trends So you guys have it there right there's some good advice for new coaches and definitely to Shannon's point make sure you check out the physique and bodybuilding coach course And the meal prep course because these are going to give you different tools to help build out some of that framework when you're just getting started And then also have consistency because in anything we do Shannon you know better than anyone When we're talking business and we're talking coaching we've got to be able to repeat those results right it's got to be sustainable over time So what I see often I think some mistakes maybe we will touch on that So common mistakes that we see with new coaches is they don't really have a system and it's kind of just flying by the seat of our pants And it's going into peak week and this show clients over fed this show the clients under fed But when you got a solid framework that you can just refine and tweak based on you know individual clients you're going to be able to repeat those results a lot more 100% 100% Yeah, the thing about being a coach in this business you got to be married to it you got to be ready to to be married to it You're not taking weekends off you're not stopping work at five o'clock and saying I'm done You have to really be dedicated to this and I've seen you know I've seen so many people come and go over the years that that or you know huge flashes in the pan and then they're gone But they they don't stick with it and have to allow yourself chance to grow It's not going to happen overnight. You're not going to have 500 clients tomorrow You've got to allow yourself a chance for things to grow and progress Right and make mistakes along the way right because we I think everyone just assumes because they see the the outcome right They see where team bombshell is that today right we just interviewed my friends over at fit body and it's like no it didn't start like that I wish it did but it's not an overnight thing. This is a journey that takes years of dedication and passion to build and the commitment to continuously improve our results are you know Quality relationships long-term relationships with clients and yeah, it just never stop so you know and speaking of that too We talked a little bit about building up our teams whether we're talking our prep clients or we're talking about staff What are some of the top things you look for when you are developing or hiring coaches for team bombshell What are those top attributes that really resonate with you Surprisingly enough it is not who has the best genetics and is one a bunch of shows because that's you know not always the case You know Honestly No complaining no rudeness no ego. I'm big on that. I'm really big on Just our coaches are all good people I want I want us to be surrounded and for our clients to be surrounded by people that want to coach because they really want to help someone do something amazing with their life They don't want to just be a coach so they can you know walk around being all cute and say I'm a fitness coach, you know I'm really big on people that truly want to make a difference and That's really where it all starts. It's really where it all starts And and just being you know being on top of it being someone who is going to go to the extra mile who isn't going to disappear because they want to do XYZ with our personal life But they're going to be dedicated to their athletes dedicated to our sport who love our sport and want to be a part of it In order to be a great Prep coach or anyone in this industry you have to want to spend time in this industry you can't say I want every weekend off and I never want to go to a show and do this you have to be better in what we do And those are are traits that are are not taught the you know those are things that either you're that are either you are that or you're not But those are big those are babies those are babies. Yeah, those are definitely some good and tangibles, right? And like you said some of it can be developed over time Some of it cannot some of that is just these are inherent traits that people are born with right the same drive and ambition that we have To grow scale and build our business Me that that drive actually started for me as an athlete first as a kid And I tell people this all the time like when we're talking about developing character body building is one of the best things you can do to weed out the good from the great right With bodybuilding we're building things like discipline self efficacy confidence All these good things that consistency right all these things that are going to mirror other facets of life and help us improve whether it's at work Relationship going to school whatever might be so you got a lot of bodybuilding Yes, yes You know Shannon we've got a couple more minutes here and I want to do something funnier. We're going to do some fun kind of rapid fire here I want to get your I want to let our audience know more about Shannon outside of business. Oh my goodness. Okay. Yeah, so Yeah, so the first one I've got on my list. What is your favorite cheap meal? Oh my goodness I'm a girl of dichotomy so if I want an experience I love going out for like a really good steak and wine I'm I'm down for that but I also love my own cooking. I cook southern like really fattening southern food So I can really throw down I make an amazing like smoked macaroni and cheese with beef ribs and collar greens and all that good stuff So I can cook some down home southern food and I love my cooking So all right, well you guys heard of Shannon can throw it on in the kitchen. So yeah, I'm when I know where I'm saving my cheap meal next time I'm going to be a little bit of a kind of a cake that's like to die for Yeah, all right, well next time I'm I'm down in Orlando, which You're going back to Orlando anytime soon. I can't remember. I don't know I'll fat me up a little bit. I'll fat me up a little bit. Yes, I'll save it for my off season for sure But I definitely got to get down there visit For the next question. This is actually given to All right, so let's think outside of this stage right or outside of the we'll call out the body building of Reena's The others sneakers He'll just listen I I'm going to make you laugh. I complain that that women don't know how to run in heels anymore and my favorite quote is women that run in heels should be fear So I can definitely run in heels I love you know I am seeing insistent heels. I love that But I also have a sneaker head my my sneakers always have to match my outfit when I train is a problem So both yeah, yeah, depending on the occasion Yes, yes, yes, well one day you'll have to post up a picture of your sneaker collection Or you'll be looking and we're going to see what one is bigger. Right right Last one I got for you today Shannon out of all your years of coaching this might be a hard one because I'm sure you have multiple Responsive of this one, but what is the most rewarding transformation story that you've witnessed and this we're talking specific to like your team bombshell athletes Do you have one or two that just really really stand out? Yeah, I do and you know one of them is actually I promote the NPC IPv girl power here in two weeks One of them is actually competing at that show. She and her husband both have you know we've coached them for years She's started out with Having never even been in the gym, you know very much overweight And she placed in women's physique I think third last year at team universe and is going for a pro court again this year And her she and her husband are just really good people that have completely changed their bodies and their lives through bodybuilding She's now a VIP coach for me. She tans I own Ice Taining company that does a lot of the shows the ice taining makeup And she works for that so we've had a lot of women come from non bodybuilding backgrounds at all We have big transformation so we don't always get you know we don't always get the girls that are already in change We get a lot of women who are never done this before and they end up being a part of the industry and love our industry And and that is really Amazing to me because it changes the entire course of their existence So that that that's what makes me go to bed at night and feel good about what I do Yeah and like I said a lot of times they didn't know what they were missing until they felt that energy maybe they came to one of our events They were right on you know some of the team and they can feel it and you inspire them A lot of times we inspire people we don't even know we inspire so I thought you're in no stories What had I've actually got a couple good ones too. I'll drop out maybe my two of my favorites One of them goes you know big shout out to good friend of mine Charles Hanson. We call him big Chuck We used to get down at all the quest nutrition boots. If you guys ever went to a quest nutrition boot that the LA FedEx bow or the Arnold or the Olympia Probably from 2015 through about 2019 I'm sure you met me and Chuck there at some point Chuck was actually let's see Chuck's got to be about six five He's a big boy and he was 430 pounds when he started his journey and he says coach I want to get on stage in classical busy and I told Chuck let's let's start chunking it out We're gonna have some you know a lot of work to do. I think his stage weight goal had to be 245 pounds So from 430 the 245. I love me a good challenge So this was one where I was able to set some milestone it took us about 18 months And we actually got Chuck all the way down to his 245 goal put him on stage in classical music and he placed top five got himself some hardware And then I think just the month or two later ended up getting married and now they have a beautiful sound together So it's it's amazing Helping or being a part of these journeys and like you said now whoever watched that journey I'm sure is gonna get inspired right so it's it's a snowball effect And we're gonna keep it going through bodybuilding. That's a big thing and and we at home show we have a transformation part of our company and a competitive part And those ladies they mesh right so you know last year when one our coaching director Jessica Lies went to the Olympia She has this signature post she does and before she went all the girls got together and on our private social network They all did the post we had ladies that were you know still two 300 pounds that were big life so clients that were coming down do the liest pose to in support in their bikini it was amazing Those are our community Doesn't just inspire other competitors, but it inspires people who you would never think To to strive to do more and as long as we treat them with kindness and we are open to them in the gym When people who are you know transformation we'll come up and ask us questions at the gym We don't brush them off and act like we can't be bothered when people in our community are kind and treat people with respect We're just gonna keep inspiring people and growing this thing And like I said that at night, that's how we go to bed night, that's what it's really all about Yeah, I love that that mindset Shannon and you guys have done some amazing things with team bombshell So it's a pleasure definitely for me to be able to hop on here and chop it up together Shannon before we wrap let's let the followers know where they can find you Maybe social media website all that good stuff. Yeah, if they go to bombshell ink dot com That has all of our companies listed under there. So everything from you know coaching to our clothing company to our events Our bombshell productions our shows so anything bombshell you can find it bombshell ink dot com My personal social media is Shannon Day with an E and I try to post you know inspirational things and quotes and and I would say any quotes Anything that I post that I write aren't because I'm so smart it's because I've observed so many amazing people over the years Find success and I've observed failure so I try to share that with all of you all so that so that we can all learn from what I've seen over the years Shannon you are a truly an inspiration I appreciate you definitely coming on and add some value. We'll definitely have to run it back again And of course I know where I'm going when I want that red belt on the cheap days. I know where to go. I'll back you up. Good. There we go. She's going to bulk me up. You guys heard it here. You know where to find me if you go on Instagram. It's on Dray Adams on the score officials. Same thing on YouTube. If you have ideas for upcoming episodes or you need you know maybe help pass in your NASM PPC course. You can email me at trainingbyjray at gmail.com and you can also visit me online at either on dray Adams official dot com or tmathemsprep.com Guys it's been a pleasure. I hope you enjoyed this episode. Be sure to check it out and follow along. We will see you guys on the next episode of the NASM PPC podcast. See you guys on the next episode.

=== FILE: Debunking Fitness Myths [v4Jrz0E8ZDk].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NASM Live. My name is Prentice and I'm here as always with Wendy Bats and Martin Miller and how are you all doing this afternoon? And pasting. Thanks so, thank you. Great and as always we have behind the scenes great. He's not the man in the iron mask but he's helping us keep this whole production together so thank you Greg for keeping it together today. So what we're going to do in this webinar is I have my brilliant colleagues here and we're going to talk about fitness myths. General fitness myths some of some things that you've heard going around that are pervasive in the industry been out there for for many years and we want to discuss and dispel some of these things so that you are better informed when you are working with your clients and if we do have time when these going to cover such topics our stars just pin holes in the night. Is the moon made out of cheese? People want to know about these things Wendy so hopefully we get through this and have time for you to answer those questions at the end. Fantastic. I'm ready. I'm ready. We can have Greg pull up our power point and we can walk you guys through some of our some of the topics that we want to cover. Again, Marty and I were excited because we put together a series and so today we keep it very general on just some of fitness myths that we hear throughout the industry in regards to everything from some cardio information as well as just you know just basic resistance and from it as well as you know different questions that we often hear or get regarding different populations. So with that being said we want to go ahead and go next slide and some of the basics. So let's talk a little bit about evidence-based science versus gym science. Marty and I were talking about this and again there is a big difference and we really wanted to come back to our NASM roots and what we mean by that is there's so much information that's out there on the internet you know you've got your fitness gurus you've got people that are providing you with a lot of information that is research based and then a lot of information from people based on experience and there is a very big difference when you're designing programs with your clients and just to be able to identify and talk about the differences and so what we mean by that is you know with NASM we really want you to think about your clients in individualization and so when a client comes in and you sit down with them obviously you're going to do the assessments that you feel is in their best interest to gather their information that you need. Based on that information you're going to design an individualized program and then of course you're going to put your clients through the program, per the phase and the recommendation based upon the results you gathered for the assessments and again if you're having a client go through and do an exercise they're not ready for that then you would regress them or if they excelled and they looked fantastic then you could definitely progress them as well which is stuff we've talked about in earlier webinars and so before we go any further Marty did you have any comments that you wanted to add regarding just NASM and in our roots? No just anytime we are training somebody whether it's you know a high-level athlete whether it's you know somebody that's brand new to fitness whether it's a group we're always you know in the back of our mind is the science the progressions the regressions we make it fun we make it exciting we bring in new tools and we use you know things like suspension training kettlebells and medicine balls and speed ladders but there's always a system into which we make our decisions and then we're always every single set of every single rep is in essence a movement assessment so we're always watching with their bodies are telling us so we can continue on in a logical progressive manner but the client thinks they're just having a fun time they they just know that they're working towards their goals but that's the process that we use we don't get caught up in some of the you know trends that are out there without kind of looking at them through the scientific approach and then we decide do those trends fit within the model where do they fit within the model can we modify it and or is it something that we view is too high risk and we can find a better benefit especially when we anchor to the scientific model that is an ASM and let me chime in there a little bit so that everyone who's listening to us understands what we mean when we say evidence based and if we can all picture a venn diagram we have we get an understanding from scientists of what's going on physiologically in the body like we're going to talk about cardio here pretty soon we understand what's going on physiologically so we that's the science that Marty's talking about that information that comes out in the labs the other part of evidence based is now that has to be applied in the field so we have practitioners like Marty and Wendy who take this and because not every you don't you don't necessarily see you don't necessarily see clients within the same test group that the study was conducted on so there's going to be a little variation in your results and that informs that informs some of the evidence out there and then the final part of that piece is actually what can people do actually what can clients do at the training level to sustain what they found out in the lab I would like to have someone cook my meals for me like 24 hours a day for seven days straight but it's just not going to happen so we have to figure out how to fit all of this in into our clients daily lives and you take little pieces from all of that and that informs our practices our practices as fitness professionals do you all have anything to add to that? No I think you did a great job I mean you know that's that's pretty much it and that you know kind of brings us into the to the next point that we have on there as well as like the non scientific information and you know the big question that we ask a lot of new trainers that are starting out in the field is you know when you're going through and you're learning how to design programs like where are you gathering your information and you know I actually had an experience working with a trainer who had been in the industry for a very long time but unfortunately he would get his information or his programs and we call it like the program of the day because he would get it from a magazine that just came out because it was the latest and greatest as Marty said quote trends but it really didn't mean that his clients could perform them at the at a level that they should have been doing it correctly and so you know you want to be very careful there because you know that's why we really want to take two steps back and say it needs to be individualized to what the client can perform and make sure that it makes sense for their goals as well as their assessment results. So when we say where are you gathering your information just make sure that you know if something comes out with a new tool and you really want to use that new tool is your client really prepared for that and then are you being a selfish trainer because you want to use that tool with them because it's something fun and exciting or is it something that really is beneficial and that your client can do in excel and do correctly to get the results that that tool was intended to help them with. So Marty do you want to? No I think you you really addressed it beautifully and what I've always said and if anyone's joined us on other webinars I'm sure you've heard me say this that reason I found that with any SM right away was I had heard about a lot of the different phases of training like I knew parts of it but to me any SM is our toolbox and then the tools that you see whether it's against suspension training kettlebells battling ropes pull out of your yoga I can take it through human movement standpoint say okay does it check in with the five kinetic chain checkpoints is it makes sense and now where do I slot these tools so that way is Wendy saying I don't just break out a medicine ball for a power phase if it's day one but I have other tools that I can use in the stability phase to make it interesting to progress towards those other tools or have I learned how to use a stability ball or a medicine ball for other phases so that's the exciting part of the NSM models it opens it up and just really then helps you evaluate all these other tools and then really get a mastery on when to use them in what type of workout. Yeah that's a really good point Marty and then I would I would also add to that that understanding the tools have the tools have multiple uses and as a trainer as a trainer fitness professional it's your job to first of all figure all of that out on your having a model as a framework like we do here within ASM and then figuring out how that tool works for all of your use cases like there's no you brought up kettlebells and then selfishly Wendy you're right I use kettlebells with people because I can transport them easily that's the only reason but you better believe that when I learned how to use them I deconstructed everything so that I you I learned how to use that for almost every client every client who could stand up and grip something there was a place for them there was something for them to do and then I want you to answer a philosophical question and you brought up I believe it was you when you brought up learning from gurus and there's this sentiment from that people who are put into that group that birds have been flying for millions of years I don't need someone in a lab to tell me how a bird flies the bird just flies out and the bird just goes out and just flies so therefore you should do my exercise because I know it works how do you respond how do you respond to that that that looks really attractive and then said forcefully you know some people are going to fall in line and follow that kind of mentality so how do you work if you were mentoring someone how do you work with that mentality I mean I think you know we have to go back to how personal training really started you know there was that one guy that was in the gym that had the rocking body the big arms the big chest or you know if you were the female they had like the the small body and you know arms and legs that that everybody wanted like you were finding that trainer that had the body that you wanted and then you wanted to do their exact workout and so so of course when you're starting you know when you think back on where we've we've come and you know where we started there's a big difference and I'm not saying that you know like some of the quote gurus are bad it's just again how do you get a client they're safely efficiently and effectively without causing harm you know because again we didn't want to do no harm we also want to make sure that it's realistic to the client and we want to get them there and a safe and an effective way and so you know I think if if somebody comes to me and says you know what I want to do you know this I do this exercise every time I go in or you know they always do the same workout my my question to them then is are you getting the results that you want and most of the time it's no because there's no progressions there's no regressions and the adaptation is you know is is just stagnant I mean meaning that they've always done like hypertrophy training and they've never challenged their core and stabilization or they've never gone up to power so I think you know that's kind of how I would handle it like let's just take a different approach let's look at it as as a model a stepping point which is what any SM is and let's kind of start from from the beginning and really get yourself to a level and we can kind of put yourself on a schedule every four to six weeks let's re-evaluate let's reassess let's make sure you're hitting your landmarks so you can progress and move forward versus just reading the big you know what was it the Arnold Bible that came out from day one you know I mean everybody was reading that because that's all that was out there so we've come a long way in the industry of putting research behind some of the stuff that we do and why we do it and I think that's extremely important yeah you brought up Arnold that steps to areas I did not have the Arnold Bible but my dog was Bill Pearl do who knows who remembers Bill Pearl I had that one. Bill Pearl is awesome all right so now now that we we've talked about the the overview let's get into some of the myths like if I do cardio during my phase four training and eat after midnight will I turn into a gremlin what do you say Marty? well you might enough but so there's a lot of cardio myths so Wendy and I just picked a couple that just for kind of you know top of mind and you know there's gonna be an opportunity for you guys ask questions and then you know maybe we can even circle back on some of these later today or at least maybe you know in the next weeks if we have the opportunity so one of the ones that when we were deciding this as like I've always heard this from day one is you know I need to do cardio before I warm up you know that's me the client talking to me and I would always ask okay why and you know they would pick well you need to warm up your muscles now some of these things that as we explain these we're going to say it kind of jokingly we're not always going to stick to the science but how I would speak to my client like okay so you're you're thinking if you go walk on a treadmill for five to six minutes you're magically going to just your muscles are going to be drastically warmer and they're like yes and I'm like well you know what's your temperature right now do you think and they're you know they like well maybe hopefully around 98.6 I'm like okay if you ever had a fever and they're like yeah I'm like how do you feel in the core of them like so do you think that magically by walking or running core temperatures are going to increase drastically and not talking about minor you know point one point two and they're like you know and I go through the science of it and I was like that's why you swear that's why we have homeostasis that our muscles are warm at all time now that does it mean that I should go immediately and do sprinting because now we're looking at a different type of warm-up from the central nervous system, inspiring rates and all that so when we look at doing a cardio before warm-up it's not necessary and that's why when you see the NSM model that's not first what's first is the things that are going to get people moving better the proper firm rolling techniques the proper stretching progressions then absolutely we can go do some traditional cardio but we want to ensure that the person's moving well because if they come in and let's say you know they're sitting at a desk all day or they had to drive to the gym and or males females depending on what type of footwear they're wearing you don't have tight calves and forward postures and all these things that are more than likely gonna happen what what happens when we put them right on cardio to begin with anyways we're just overloading that orthopedic structure now to quote unquote warm-up their muscles which are going to be 98.6 anyways and when you tear through the science of foam rolling we're increasing circulation we're going to get those muscles warmed up as well and a lot of my clients they start sweating during the foam rolling part of it so we're doing the same type of stuff using a different approach to get them really prepared for what's coming next in their workouts so I'm sure Wendy's got some things to jump in there as well with. No I mean I think you you were pretty spot on and in another thing too people also say you know I have to do cardio before I cool down and it's like okay what you also had the mindset that you need to do cardio before you warm up and it's they don't you know it's really just understanding the whole purpose of just doing again a light warm-up you know on a treadmill and stuff again like Marty said making sure that you've already foam rolled you've done your set of stretching and ideally some of the activation and again what we're trying to do is just kind of restore the body back at the end to work on again foam rolling and static stretching to re-align the tissues to restore the body back hopefully to ideal length and then they come back we can kind of repeat the cycle again but but yeah Marty I think that that hit it perfectly and that actually kind of brings us to the next one that I know you know that you really like jumping there really really quickly and I want to because you touched on something really important I want to make sure everyone gets this and when we talk about doing cardio very often we're talking in terms of the macro molecule currents if we're going to do that so that we can start the fat burn so we can start the fat burn use those macro molecules as energy but you brought up a really good point that I want everyone to understand in that the purpose of the so-called warm-up is to you are preparing the you are preparing the tissues but also think about what's happening neurologically now you can do warm-up on the treadmill but at best it's it's like a non-specific it's like a specific dynamic stretching and like you said there are better ways if you're following the protocol using the assessment there are better ways to to get there on the front end of your training and I will I'm sorry for interrupting Wendy oh no no no that's correct to you and again to you know another point before we moved on based on what you said Francis is also think about the type of of cardio we're not saying take the cardio away as a warm-up if if somebody really really feels like they have to but again doing the the rolling is and stretching before hand it really will be beneficial but again if somebody is sitting all day and they you know they sit in traffic and they're in their car a lot and then they sit at a desk all day and then you have them go through a proper warm-up and then you put them on a bike that might not be the best thing either so again really kind of think about what people are doing at all times throughout their daily activities and then try to balance it out when they come into the gym of doing something different so I just wanted to throw that in as well but but then again Marty I know you really were looking forward to this next topic so the low intensity cardio is the best choice to lower body fat yeah and I and I heard this for ever and I'm gonna age practice and I growing up in the late 80s you know the bodybuilding phase that was really your only way to aspire to you know as a fitness as a sport you know we didn't have any of these other things that are popular nowadays so it was basically bodybuilding and every guy in the gym would only do very low intensity cardio because one they thought it was better to burn just their body fat and they didn't want to burn muscle which is a whole other conversation but going back to my training days I'd have these conversations and again this is the way I talked to my clients and again you gotta you know decide what level of sarcasm you're gonna use but you know when people would argue all the time that no you got to do low intensity it's the only way to burn you know body fat is like well I've seen sprinters and last time I've seen sprinters and I've had the privilege of you know talking to Michael Johnson himself and you know Olympic champion those guys are jacked they don't do low intensity cardio so right there that should bust the myth right there but where the myth started from going back to the research that Brennan's was talking about guys in a lab they were doing research and they studied people at night time where they were sleeping and I go back to what I call my caveman theory the body has not changed much since the caveman days well first thing in the morning as a caveman or woman would have to go do you had to go search for your breakfast so you needed some carbohydrate stores saved so that way you could go use them to then go hunt and chase and gather your food for the day so that's just the way the body's been designed so yes at rest during sleep you are going to burn more calories from fat but you don't burn many calories overall so that's where this low intensity really came from is that's where the research started is at a lower intensity you are going to start to burn calories from fat however at the end of the day we all know from the research now that if I want to get leaner it's about how many calories did I end up burning overall compared to how many I consumed so would you rather burn a hundred calories over an hour or would you rather burn 300 calories and a half hour if appropriate so now Brennan's I know you like to do the movie drops but I view this is you know the million it was at Brewster's Millions back in the day where he had to spend as much money as he could in 30 days that's that's calories right there is how many calories can I burn efficiently in the shortest amount of time or the you know maximum amount of calories I can burn if appropriate by the phase of training of course we're not going to throw that out that's how you get to losing body weight and body fat so yes you can use higher intensities and you may not be burning it directly from your fat stores you're going to be burning it from your carbohydrate stores but after the whole process is done you've emptied the tank you burn the most amount of calories you will get leaner quicker that way now there's a a point time where there are days that yes do lower intensity cardio as a recovery day as an off day for someone this train or you're going to start with lower intensity cardio for someone that's brand new why they're joints in their body and their cardiovascular system acclimates not saying not to do it just like anything else low intensity cardio is a tool so is intermittent and you know moderate as well as high intensity cardio use the missed tools progressively in the right way you'll get a lot of benefit from it but just understand why you're doing it and also where the research and science came from is because people at rest or sleeping burn the least amount of calories overall but they're burning them from fat. Well that's 90. That's a funny point and and also when we talk about that that fat burn remember it's it's an energy source not just for directly related to exercise but remember those total commercials again I'm dating myself have a birthday coming up so you probably are going to be able to backtrack and figure it out by all the popular media references that I use but to burn a pound of calories you'll have to be on the treadmill for five hours it's not that long but think about burning you burn what three or four hundred calories in a bow of running on the treadmill that get rid of that pound of fat's gonna cost you about 36, 3600 if my math is right but if you're following a well a well rounded training program you are going to use some of that fat as because it takes energy to repair the system and that's that's also something that's going to contribute to some of that that fat loss that we're year experiencing. And then that would then bring us to the last point and you should avoid cardiovascular work when working to build muscle. Yeah I like that little left there so I kind of touched on that in the last one if you look at world class sprinters or elite athletes they're sprinting all the time and now it's easier to explain now and I'm happy that this is occurred that you know back in the 80s and 90s males really didn't want to do a lot of cardio vascular work unless they were an endurance athlete and females a lot of times didn't want to do resistive training right they each had their own fear this change over the last few years with high intensity training has really made males do more class work and females more do more weight training so each of us are now more well rounded which is fabulous and you can see the physics that you see in fitness but when you look at cardio vascular work again, practice talked about recovery you got to talk about nutrition so yes you can still build muscle while you're doing cardio vascular work you're just going to have to account for those calories as well as the recovery and again the nutrition pro course that and as I just came out with goes really well these topics so if you have a passion for that definitely check that out but you can absolutely build muscle and still do great amount of cardio vascular work if you know how to program and then know how to do your recovery as well as your nutrition and like I said look at sprinters they are jacked and they're doing a ton of cardio vascular work and they can still maintain and or build muscle mass yeah I think rugby players missed that day at school when this Smith was taught exactly both very big and muscular muscular athlete and have a high level of cardio vascular endurance so yeah you can do cardio and still and still be a relatively muscle-bound athlete yeah well and that actually leads us into myth number two and this one we go ahead and switch the slide here it's spin and it's trying it's trying oh no the computer is struggling so I guess we can pick it up right here so the myth is stretching oh yes and at first first remember clay was that if you do static stretching then like static stretching before you do any kind of intensity workout or training that you're going to have grease and that and and the reason being again there is research showing that if you do static stretching and then you go something high intensity and and and believe that there could be actual for injury so this that is true her there is research that's more current and actually very positive that states if you fall a continuum that you act to have better results and what we may buy that is you know static stretching obviously you want to stretch only the muscles that you have found to be overactive and you get that information from the assessments that hopefully you're doing with your hands and so if you found that they speed they rotated and you time stretching the lateral gap and then the short head of the bicep fem and muscles that are usually overactive when that occurs then then go into some type of active stretching which is working more on reciprocal inhibition to remember that the muscle nicely from each of the joints and then go into dynamic up which again remember the definition of dynamic warmup which is to go through the full available range of motion you're going to have a full available range of motion which is going to lead to a greater output and some of the things that we wanted we would discuss because a lot of times people think that you can't do static stretching at all when in all reality if you did stretching and then performed it in a continuum you would have a greater range in which would which would be very beneficial long term and Marty I don't know if you want to hit on that as well. Nope it's just again to file on the flow here it's all about a continuum and that's where again going back to an SM that's your toolbox that you're continuum and then you just sort of continue in this slot things in a progressive logical manner to get the best desired outcome. Exactly and then you know and again too think about if a client comes in and their feet are externally rotated and then you try to have them do a dynamic warmup following the five-connected chain check points they're probably not going to be able to do that because they don't have the range of motion so again if their feet are turned out their knees are okay and you didn't do any static stretching and you went right into dynamic the chances of actually increasing injury at a greater at a greater risk would be there and so just you know you want to kind of think about all the stuff that you've learned about you know the continuum and the process and follow the process and just be very very careful with that because if you don't it leads us to our next point which is if your hamstrings feel tight then you should stretch them. Marty do you want to talk about that? Yeah this gives me deja vu from about 13 years ago so working with high level athletes you know I had to convince them that the world wasn't because and what I mean by that is they would come up to me as an athlete or an say my hamstrings feel that I need to stretch them and I'd be like well let me watch how you move like well but my hamstrings feel tight so just because you feel something doesn't mean automatically just go right to what that seems to be always go back to the assessment because there can be a reason why something feels tight but does not need to be stretched so I think for all of us here that have been through an SM for a long time you're going to have a pretend a propensity to see far more people with excessive forward leans low back arches then you are going to see with a low background not saying that that's not going to happen and when we're talking about the hamstring here we're not talking about the short head the bicep for Morris because that muscle doesn't attach to the pelvis and it can cause that external rotation a lower leg and you may need to stretch that but we're talking about your traditional sitting reach type of hamstring stretch or when you laying your back and just bring your leg straight back so with this I always when I was talking to my clients you know they're like but my hamstrings always feel tight and I'm like okay how long have you been stretching for for years and again my sarcasm is well what's the definition of insanity doing the same thing over and over again expecting a different result so if you've always been stretching your hamstrings and they're not getting better maybe that's not the problem so when somebody has an anterior pelvic tilt or an excessive forward lean their hamstrings actually in a lengthen position so the central nervous system figures that out and is like okay you're going to pull me on this massive amount of stretch I'm just going to lock up in a lengthen position because if you go any further I'm likely to tear now we could go through all the other things that happen with that what's going on with the glutes and all that but that's why you see so many hamstring injuries from people who are runners or sprinters because they keep stretching them which it basically is pulling them apart and there's a lot of trauma to the to the muscle fiber in that as well then they don't ever focus on their hip flexors and the glutes and then they run hamstrings in a weak in position and it tears and then most people if you're watching professional sports on TV they're like oh they must not stretch their hamstrings enough and it's this crazy cycle continues so when something feels tight take that into account but don't make any judgments until you do an assessment because you're probably going to see that that muscle does not need to be stretched even though it feels what we would consider neurologically tight it's not short in tight it's long in tight it's still foam roll it but you want to hit the other side of that joint give that hamstring a chance to relax yeah and if you're a very visual learner or visual person which I am the easiest way to think about it as Marty said is as your pelvis goes in a forward position think about what has to happen that the hamstring gets into a length in position right so you're kind of like your butt goes up in the air which means your hamstrings have to lengthen and you can feel it's taught so it's like you could pluck it and that's why that's why it feels tight because when you feel it it's literally pulled from end to end and if you had a string and you did that and then you tried to stretch it I mean think about the stress that you're putting on to that muscle which is going to lead to the strains and the tears and those types of injuries so super important as Marty said you know stretch the hip flexors strengthen the glutes give the poor hamstrings a break and that usually will help kind of bring the pelvis back in a neutral position and one of the main reasons we stress so much about the assessments so you can actually you know take this myth and bust it very quickly um think that's super super important and then Marty why should she a senior's a boy dynamic stretching I don't think they should that's why it's a myth again dynamic stretching I'm going to keep using this term today is a continuum what might be dynamic for my mom and her mid 70s it might be very slow for me and then if you watch these elite athletes that we've you know seen I'm never going to move that dynamically because dynamic isn't how fast you can go it's how fast you can go with control so again a dynamic stretch could be for a senior could be just sitting up and out of a chair and then coming up on their tiptoes and it's moderately slow for most people but for them they're moving towards that dynamic over time I promised to even they will get more dynamic but it doesn't have to be that ballistic we don't use that term or excessive it's dynamic is the term we're using which is you're starting to move in a progressive manner with some speed but it's always going to be under control so this is really going to carry over to activities a daily living for these seniors right stepping up and on for curb or up and down a staircase or getting out of a chair in and out of you know a car so these are things that are going to be important for them that just helps their everyday life just again use the continuum don't pick a speed that you're going to use let's see how they move and then just progress them from what they can control and I want to talk about speed again and you brought up a really good point that I think it's all to common in the industry is that we have the we have this prototype of what speed and strength means that's not relative to the population that should work with and that's why people swear off doing plyometric exercises any so called phase four phase five training because they're they're rating that particular population against something that's completely unrelated and so just to get an idea of what speed is like if you if you ever have time just go into the USA track and feel look at the senior track track and field championships and look at the times and distances relative to age if you're going to make a judgment on what speed is you can you can judge it from those specific populations and by the way length for Christy still kills me in the 100 meters five out 15 seconds so what is very specific to the population yes absolutely and then our last myth that we're going to cover again we are going to do this as a series instead we're going to break up different types of exercises for upper body lower body core in the future so again we were just keeping it very general so when we said like myth number three on resistance we just picked some of the the ones that we commonly hear again and this is usually coming from a female unfortunately but if you lift heavy it's going to make you bulky and I can tell you that point number one as well as muscle ways more than fat they go together and so when you look at the difference again if you have one pound of muscle and you have one pound of fat then how how much do you have of each you have a pound so if you have a pound of one thing and a pound of another it's going to balance out but what the difference is the density of the two and as you can even see in the picture that we showed you and provided the fat obviously is going to it's going to take up a lot more space than muscle that's going to be obviously more dense so so Marty I mean you want to take that even deeper and go into some of the scientific fun stuff behind all this sure so first of all you know everyone's going to have their propensity to what their genetic code is right so bulky for each person you know for muscle hipperchrophy is on a on a scale of spectrum so yes there are some females out there that you see doing these you know these higher intensity workouts they have put on some muscle but by in large men who have a tremendous amount more testosterone in their body which is the key hormone you know in practice you know he and I can both the testes it's not always easy for us to add muscle mass and we have the advantage of having testosterone so what I would encourage females to do is if you can put on muscle we can monitor that you can always peel back in a sense of change your program up change your nutrition change your diet but if you have the blessing to put it on as a female take it because it's the healthiest tissue you can add it's going there's so many other benefits health wise and then add a certain age you're going to struggle anyways even if you had the propensity to put on muscle when you hit anywhere between 26 on there's going to be that slight decrease and then obviously in your 40s and 50s it escalates even more so it increases metabolism all these other factors so let's not be afraid of it let's just understand that for females it's going to be even harder than males and you can control it with adding cardio muscular work and or the nutrition as well so there's ways that you can balance that out but I would encourage you to add the muscle on first and then if you feel that you've added too much muscle on you can always change your program but a lot of people who assume they were going to get bulky they didn't have the genetic DNA or nor was there expectation realistic to what it would have happened and then also as Prennister talking about you know it's all going to be relative women should really be okay with getting a little bit stronger because of the bone density and going through these other phase of training again there's other benefits they're going to help them with their overall health so I would rather somebody show me that they're putting on too much muscle mass and then I can make the adjustment with nutrition and training then assume they're going to get too bulky and be afraid to even move into that phase of training when appropriate and then if you think about this too you know as you as you get lean you know so you're actually you know losing body fat and you're gaining muscle tissue then you actually are going to be smaller and I think that's the big key is that when people say it makes me bulky it's like what if you don't change your diet and then you start lifting like super super heavy then yeah you may get bigger but then why not lean yourself out so again I think that's when the programming is going to be very important as a trainer that you sit down with your client find out what is their body fat what do they want it to be and then also too think about the look you're looking at the OPPT model you know starting the stabilization phase if you're doing 12 to 20 repetitions you're not lifting a lot a lot of weight so you're probably not going to put on this huge amount of mass and the same thing even when you get to phase two it is a super set you are increasing the amount of weight you're lifting but it's still at a pretty high high rep count I mean you are maybe going to gain a little bit of size but I think you know it's just the mindset of understanding that that it's okay to to look lean and mean if you will versus you know trying to be and I hate to word it this way but like a skinny fat because you could be super super thin with no muscle mass but again there's a lot of health benefits if you do have muscle you know muscle on yeah and to your point when do a lot of people the only thing they judge for overall health is the scale so if somebody if you let's use female you know wants to get down to 120 but yet they're 124 they might they go oh my god I need to lose four pounds but if you look at that picture the 124 you may look so much thinner than you know to me because you've got muscle on the density is so compact because it's muscle that's where they get confused with the scale number and that's not always or generally not even a good indicator because that's not really telling the story it's what what is how do I feel how do I fit in certain clothes what looks good for me so if we can get sometimes people away from the scale only and get into body fat and all these other things then we can maybe pick a better target on the scale but the scale alone people can really get confusing get frustrated when they are actually looking lighter but yet they're caring four pounds more of muscle than what they thought and in another sorry keep going back to the suit Marti in our we can tag team this all day but as a trainer if you do have a client that this is a big fear I think it's super super important in the very beginning to include this a comfort measurements assessments so therefore you can see that they are getting smaller if they're saying that all of a sudden they feel like they're getting bulkier because they're actually you know gaining muscle so again as Marti said the scale shouldn't be the key factor to a client but if you can actually use the measurements to show them that they are getting leaner in certain areas and and all together they are looking hopefully the way that they want to look that that could just be a very big you know big numbers to have that could could really decrease the stress of a client that feels like they're gaining weight so Marti can you isolate a muscle what we're going to talk about it's more of the fitness myth of this not where we're going to start my corrective exercise in corrective exercise can we try to target a particular muscle yes but when we look at resistance training especially when we get into phases you know to and on people like oh I'm going to go do a bicep isolation exercise so you know back in the day apprentice and I how many concentration curls do every Friday apprentice that was like our finisher right you know because you got to isolate the bicep and do the peak so last time I checked something's holding the weight right so yes my forearms working you know we're focused on it being a concentrated bicep curl but also what's preventing me from falling forward there has to be something in my back you know keeping my shoulder in place whether it's good former bad form so there's always going to be other muscles working so really I always tend to say I I'm training movements that's an elbow flexion movement it's not just a bicep exercise doesn't mean I want to speak to my client that way because that's the terminology they understand but truly truly you know from a bodybuilding standpoint or a hypertrophy standpoint are you really ever isolating a muscle not as much as some people might think there could be unique situations but my and large there's always going to be other things that are in play there and there's another way to look at this too and it's something called the all-or-n-un law or all-or-n-un principle back in the day depending on on what book you're reading but I mean you want to think about this too like your motor units within your muscle fibers so you know your motor units are either going to contract maximally or they're not going to contract at all and so it is really looking at origin and insertion and on a different way of thinking about this is when people talk about the differences of of your peck for example there is some differences between like your upper peck and lower peck and if you do an incime press versus a regular press or even a decline there is going to be some some focus on different areas however the other portions are still going to be working just not maximally based on the direction of the pool if you will but you can't really train inner peck versus outer peck and that's why that all are non-comps because again origin and insertion if you're doing the actual exercise you can't just target the center part of the actual muscle it all either contracts or it doesn't contract at all so so again don't really think that if you you know go into a chess press and you supinate at the very end and you do all this and extra squeeze that you're going to focus more on your inner peck because that's not the case so I just wanted to also throw that in there too depending on when you're thinking about isolating a muscle it could go two different ways like how Marty said there are more muscles and synergists and and other key factors like core that's playing a part and positioning but then also when you're actually executing in the exercise you want to think of it a little bit differently as well and when you do mind going over just for clarity six I know what you're speaking about like upper peck lower peck inner peck that we have a peck major peck minor but if you can maybe expand on that all because we have that's another myth like oh there's an upper peck or lower peck well you can take it I mean it's it's a fan shape but I think that's what you're going with that I just want to make sure I'm going to answer your question correctly but go ahead so I mean you know people when they do incline back in the day they did it because they thought they were training their upper peck that's there is no muscle called the upper peck it's a peck major now as when he's explaining perfectly you might feel it more but the muscle fibers that are firing fire from origin to insertion and you will feel it differently but there's not a separate muscle there to target or like a lower peck to do decline variation is good and when you now cover some variations that are great when we get to body parts and some that might be higher risk from orthopedic standpoint but just from a clarity standpoint you have a peck major peck minor there isn't none of these other muscles that people in the gym will say oh I'm going to go do incline to train my upper peck it doesn't exist it's just you know the the muscle fibers are going to feel differently because of the body positioning and that's perfectly okay yeah absolutely and with with any exercise actually you can if that muscle inserts into one tendon well that's and like you said it's like you've been from yeah origin to insertion that's all you got but definitely you can get stronger you at different leverages so you may not feel as strong doing like a decline pushup but as you may not feel as strong as you would doing the pushup in the standard position but yeah you're you're not training different portions of muscle correct and then the last one spot training this one's also one of my favorites you got go for it so you know oftentimes you know you'll you'll hear people will come in and say you know what I really want to work on my my love handles or I want to work on my outer thighs because I've got thunder thighs and and stuff like that and unfortunately that's not how that works so you can do certain exercises all day long and yes you may be strengthening the muscles that are underneath that but what what you're seeing is actually fat and so um so you know again you can't just target fat tissue and and and and stuff in one particular area it's going to be you know something that's going to happen throughout your body and unfortunately the lot of that's on genetics and you know certain people will lose body fat and their arms faster than others or their mid-section faster than others or in their legs faster than others or of course the the glute area so unfortunately you can you can you can do exercises all you want and you can strengthen the muscles underneath the fat but you cannot specifically lose body fat in one centralized area it will happen throughout you got to pick the right parents basically exactly and Marty I don't know if you want to add any more to that but no like you know I would always join with the bot reduces you know that's out of my realm that's called plastic surgery and you know I will get you the best shape possible and the better shape we get in and you can go through all the different physiological benefits you're going to give your best chance at the best looking version of you but my goal is to get you the best physical shape from a conditioning standpoint and cosmetics take over from there and then we got the nutrition of course but you know I never tell a client I can promise them cosmetics I promise them improve performance throughout a you know a fitness model and that's what I guarantee I can do if they participate in work hard and do the homework that I ask them to do whether it's corrective whether it's focusing in on their nutrition whether it's extra cardio of ash to the work then they have the best chance but the models are going to work to get them in the best physical conditioning and then genetics and then a lot of work on the nutrition will give them their best chance at cosmetics okay so it looks like we have backed up to the hour I'm sorry Wendy you cannot you are not going to have the opportunity to explain Astro physics to us today I'm Princess I got that I don't worry I will save it for the next time but since I'm talking to you right now Wendy what are your what are you big takeaways for the day? I think the big takeaways is really think about you know just be very secure in using the model I mean you know gets know your clients do a proper assessment follow the model um utilizing the phases of training and they're going to see or get to specific adaptations based on the phase of training that you're putting them in just trust the science behind it again bring in tools bring in fun things that you want to as long as it makes sense the client can perform it safely and it's not about you it's about what's in the best interest of the client I think that's really kind of the big thing and just because something was printed or just because you read something really find out the research behind whatever was Princess to see if it really does make sense because there is some really good research out there and then there's some you know opinionated stuff that may not you know really kind of you know may cause some confusion so again you know if you have any questions or you want Marty and I to go into detail you can feel free to contact us my contact information is Wendy.bats at nasm.org or you can find me on instagram at Wendy.bats13 and of course I'm always happy to help the best way I can. Okay thank you and thank you as always for joining us today Wendy and Marty what are your big takeaways. Absolutely. Everything Wendy said absolutely spot on I grew you know that's why we've been doing this for so long and then the only thing I would say is you know I'm out there looking to see what people are doing on social media and all that when I see an exercise or whatever people are doing I whether I like it or not I just filter it through what what could I do to make that better I like where they're heading with that but I just filter it back through the model because sometimes I get like you know I had thought about doing a lunge that way but I'm going to tweak it here here and it goes into this phase of training I don't just randomly do it for every single person on Monday because I saw someone do another version of a lunge. Does it match up with the five kinetic chain checkpoints? Do I know where to put it in and do I have progressions and regressions from it then I'll absolutely hijack that idea but I just filter it right back through you know the process of the model so and then to get a hold of me you see my email there it's Morty.miller at nsm.org and then Instagram dr.marty.miller 72. Right thanks again Marty and thank both of you for putting this together thank you for your knowledge thanks to everyone who joined us today and thank you Greg for keeping us together not leaving us there in a black hole so we will see you I will see you the next time

=== FILE: Discussion on Regional Interdependence Model [l-LODNzzgaY].txt ===

Welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast and our Facebook Live webcast. My name is Rick Richie and I am happy to be here with a repeat guest. This is somebody who I've known for a little while now and I've had the opportunity of working with them because of the new corrective exercise specialist program and we're putting together that program. We tapped some researchers on the shoulder that were highly qualified and had a lot of experience doing research and working corrective exercise and so Dr. Scott Cheatum is back with us today. Welcome Scott, good to see you, my man. Oh, Rick, thank you so much. Again, I'm honored to be in your presence, the podcast man. No, I love it. Thank you. Great to be here with all the NASM family listeners. Thanks for being here and let's hopefully we can share some good information. I think we got a good plan today. So here's the thing and this is what's funny is that when we start doing these things, we don't know what we're going to talk about. I just go, hey, Scott, I'll be another great guest. Let's get Scott back on. So we throw out a few things and we landed on a particular topic to discuss today and I done an Instagram story about it and I probably had well over a dozen people who did their countdown timer to remind them that this was going on right now. So I hope you're all showing up. I can give you a shout out a little bit. But thank you for participating. And what we talked about and what the people who have signed up for, they kind of know what's going on is it is really designed around the corrective exercise specialist, but specifically around a model that you have done research on called the Regional Interdependence model. So tell us a little bit about that and then you sent over some research articles, one which I read before which is the article that you have written. And then the other one I don't think you have written that you are a contributor to, but it was a good article and I read through and it kind of opened my eyes up to more than just like a biomechanical model, but it started adding in the biosyco social components along with it as well. So let me try to take everybody through a little story. That's on good. Okay. Yeah, I can't well, so like, well, you know, as we know too, you know, when it comes to like rehabilitation, it can be from any, you know, healthcare practitioner. Well, in the 80s and 90s, we were very diagnostic and joint specific. And I'm going to kind of take everyone through the story so we can see where we've evolved to this model and also how it applies to the new and updated corrective exercise specialist material. So, so kind of going back to the story. So using the 80s and 90s, you know, the the orthopedic surgeon or the doctor would diagnose and they would give us a specific joint. So we would focus on the primary area of impairment. And then that's all we would do. We would not consider regional or remote areas and how they affected that one area. So for example, if I was seeing somebody with a knee injury and the other day as we would just focus on the knee, we wouldn't look at the interdependence of how the knee pain affects the hip or if we had decreased mobility at the hip, how would that feed into the impairment at the knee, okay? Or, just to lay it through the ankles. So back in 2007, there was a group of really good scholarly physical therapists who came out with this regional independent model. And they published a paper saying, hey, look, you know, we're so monocular looking at the primary source of impairment. We have to consider remote regions above and below as we are examining and as we are treating clients or patients. And so this model took fire back in 2007. And the article is typically called, you know, by Wainer. Rob Wainer is a really good, amazing physical therapist researcher. And his group put this out in a cot fire because we a lot of us practicing physical therapists and even fitness professionals, we've always looked at the whole body, right? And any SM really promotes that through the observational analysis of the kinetic chain, right? Okay? And we looked at it with the kinetic checkpoints. So we've always done that, but in 2007, it packaged nicely for us. And so then it kind of brought the language back and it started bringing a whole body of research started putting everything together. So then ever since 2007, we've had a good 15 years of research that have been looking at treating these remote areas and how it fixed the primary impairment. Okay? So for example, like if the fifth pro notices that, you know, someone is having some poor mobility or an impairment at the hip, we would want them to look at the knee and the ankle and see what is occurring from there. So the model as we progress and stuff has an, has an ableist to look at the whole body as one kinetic chain. And I thought, I thought it was interesting because even in, even in rehabilitation today, of course if someone comes in with like an injury or they've had surgery, we initially have to focus on that primary area of pain, but then we're also treating the rest of the body. Does that make sense? Right? Okay? Yeah. So this model has grown a lot because we've had some really good research that has shown this neurophysiological interdependence among our whole kinetic chain. Like for example, there's been many, many good quality studies that have shown that, you know, if you have like a, like, a chronic ankle instability, like from ankle sprains and stuff, that actually causes hip abductor weakness. Okay? Um, another example is we found out that if someone has like a tennis elbow, okay? Really simple, you know, that, that lateral upper condolitis. If we treat the neck, we can, we can, um, we can eliminate a lot of the symptoms in the elbow. Okay? So we're seeing that we're seeing that there's a lot of research coming out mainly in like the rehabilitation literature that's showing okay, you know, you first have to address the side of pain. Of course, we have to take care of the primary. But then you got to start treating the joints above and below with either mobility, neuroreeducation, you know, kind of getting that whole mobility stability concept going throughout the kinetic chain. And then, and that. And so, so we took, so when we created, um, you know, kind of started mapping out the new and updated corrective exercise specials material, we felt that this model has as grown over the years, was a perfect fit into that whole model approach. So that's kind of a brief history on the regional literature, penance model. Um, so let's talk about that for a little bit. I want to, I want to shout out somebody who has one of my favorite names of a company, and it's Dr. Perry Nicholston, and the name of his company is called Stop Chasing Pain. And it was all about this kind of whack-a-mold process of, there's pain here, there's pain here, there's pain here. And we could potentially looking at satellite sites and we're not really creating assessments necessarily to find what's causing it. So kind of like if I'm firing a projectile and I keep shooting into your elbow, and all you do is try to clean up the elbow. Um, you know, you really need to stop whatever is creating that projectile firing into it. And leading to that pain, you're absolutely right for physical therapist, vitally important. They came to you to address the pain, but we don't know where that starts, right? I mean, do we have an idea? I think one of the questions I have is you talked about the ankles and there's a correlation between the ankle sprains and, um, decreased activation in our glute media. Is her hip ab doctor pain or hip ab doctor weakness. And we see that through multiple different studies. So for instance, the lateral epicantholitis and then there's a neck issue. What's the chicken in the egg situation here? Is it the weakness in the ab doctor that potentially led to the role of the ankle? Or was it the role of the ankle that led to, or does it matter because we know that one feeds the other? Well, and I think I think that's a great question. I think it's actually bold. I think, you know, there's been a lot of times we've seen with our running athletes that we work with. There's a lot of those kinetic chain over use issues, right? You know, so I think, so I think, so I think the process goes both ways. I mean, someone can have an acute injury, but then also someone can have this repetitive, you know, this repetitive over use injuries that we see with a lot of our athletes and a lot of our runners. So the million dollar question is, is trying to see which one caused which. And so, you know, usually it's on a individual basis that once you start working with the client and you start getting more data and the more you work with them, you start figuring things out, you typically figure out trends, you know, which one came first and stuff. But I would say probably in general, you know, just in a general focus, there's usually some some type of kinetic chain issue that affected a joint that was actually kind of like the weak link. Does that make sense? And so, yeah, so unless it's a specific mechanism of injury, it's really hard to say which came about because, you know, a lot of times when we're doing our closed-channel activity, multiple joints are core, our whole body's working at one time. So that's kind of, that would be kind of the next future step on trying to figure out. You know, was it the remote area that affected the primary region of pain or was it a combination of both? And I think it's a combination of both at this point, you know. Yeah. Well, let me go through, let me go through this story with you because this is when I first moved to New York City, which is where I became a personal trainer back in 2002. And I was going through a course. And this person who is educating for the course, and I don't even remember what it was, she was talking about a shoulder issue that she had. And then just kind of dismissively goes, yeah, but that probably came from an ankle issue that I had a few years back. And here I am in my mind, new to training, new to everything. And I'm thinking, this person is crazy. Everybody wants to connect something to something else. There is no way that a shoulder is because the person hurt their ankle. And so anyway, fast forward to kind of a deeper understanding of education and knowing the human movement system, you can kind of create links that make that make sense. But that's a pretty far link there between a left ankle injury or an issue and a right shoulder issue and creating that link. Is that something that is even possible to happen? Yeah, I mean, yes. And I think that we're starting to see that when the whole human movement system moves as one unit, like for example, one of the prior studies we did is we went out to Arizona and we tested the Arizona Diamondbacks and we looked at pitching velocity. Okay, a pitchers. So we looked at hip mobility and the lead in the training leg of pitchers. And we found out that basically just plainly talking hip tightness or decrease mobility, decrease pitching velocity. They threw less speed when they were stiff. So I think that that was one. Yeah, so that was one of the first studies where I really started looking and appreciating this regional interdependence concept. If you think about the throwing motion in the different seven phases and depends on the author, that is a full kinetic chain, full integration type of a movement pattern in a transverse plane. So you're talking one of the most challenging planes to throw a ball. And we found just one of the biggest, you know, the biggest bone the femur and the the Cox of femoral joint, the hip is the most mobile. If that stiff, that basically jacks up the kind of chain up above and below. You know, and if you got a pro pitcher who's a basically an entertainer, right? We're pan and you know, we got our Mondo beer and the stands watch in this guy pitcher. Yeah. It's gall, you know, right? You know, we're watching him pitch. You know, something as simple as a stiff hip. If it decreases their pitching velocity by as similar as five miles an hour, that could be their starting position if you think about it. Yeah. So so it was interesting when we looked at the pros and we looked at as simple as, you know, because I don't know about you, but man, everyone, especially during the COVID right now, like 99% of my patients are stiff. You know, I mean, I mean, we're sitting all the time and, you know, I mean, trust me, I'm the on the poster boy right now for upper cross syndrome because I'm always like this. And you know, it's a crazy thing, right? So so, but I think it's an interesting concept to really start looking at as almost like a kinetic chain and expand it to that. So so yeah, so I think that there is a plausible to answer question. Sorry, it's a little bit long-winded, but I think that there was a plausible thing that, yeah, you know, you got to appreciate how the body so interconnected and we're seeing that. You know, hey, Liz, just real quick, was Randy Johnson. One of the people you got to do in assessment on? Well, you know, after me in RJ, we call him Randy, you know, hung out, you know, um, yeah, you know, no, no, he had, he was, he was a smidgeholder. We had some of the triple A boys in the double A and it was fun. It was, it was a good time. They're really good group of guys and for, you know, they were basically our, our, our test that used for, you know, two days straight. So it was pretty pretty brutal, but really nice group of guys and, um, you know, they're really into trying to, you know, inch out every bit of performance, right? You know, and I think that, yeah, and I think that's important. So, um, can you speak to something else? I want to stay on musculoskeletal for the majority of this conversation, but, there's an article written in 2013 by Suki Cleveland and Wiener, who I believe you had mentioned earlier, being kind of like a spearhead of, of this movement. And they talk about several different things. And this is the Journal of Manual and Manipulative Therapy. And they talk about kind of four different parts of regional interdependence. They speak about musculoskeletal, which, which is really where I want to spend most of our time, but they also talk about some out of visceral, neurophysiological, and bio-psychosocial. So can you speak to those other three things and then how that affects regional interdependence? And then let's shift our focus back to musculoskeletal and we'll spend the rest of our time stopping around there. Yeah, sure. So, so one thing, just a little history for our family here who's watching is that, so we, you know, we talked about, like in 2007, you know, that's when this model came out, everyone's excited. All this research is coming out. People are connecting the dots. We see a trickle down to fitness professionals, you know, pretty much all movement specialists. Then in about 2013, my friend Derek Suki, he's here based in LA. He's an amazing pain researcher. And him and I did our PhDs together. And he, he went, he got with the original authors, Wayne, or and Cleveland and all of them. And they decided to expand the model now. Okay, so more, more of a contemporary, because, remember, is everyone knows, too. We have to say current with a lot of the concepts that we do, right? And so they expanded the model in 2013 to include other aspects of the whole body. And so what they're saying is is that, most of us focus on the muscular skeletal aspect of the original independent model. But then they took it a step for a second. You know, if someone is someone is in pain, it's also going to be some out of this role, right? I mean, if you're, you know, because we, we understand what the body is as far as stressors, right? It could be drama in our life, emotional stress, physical. And a lot of us are feeling that right now, because we're isolated, we're going through this, this pandemic. So some out of this role is a concept to say in a way a second, if your sympathetic nervous system is turned on, you're going to be affecting your whole body. So it's going to be more of a visceral, it's going to be more of the body. So you might feel different sensations, pain or something in the body. But then also to it could be neurophysiological because all this kind of stress that we're feeling is coming from our body. So it could affect nerve conduction. It could it could affect how our brain processes stuff. Then if you, if you kind of go around the model, then it goes into the biological social, which everyone knows, I think, you know, all, everybody listening knows that most of our clients that we work with, a lot of times, we have to treat this first. We have to really get them to buy into their program, to be more consistent. We want them to be able to enjoy the thought of physical activity again, right? You know, and we want them to, we want to change behavior. So a lot of what NESM has has shown, especially with the new, you know, nutritional specialist certification. And the, and the updated CES material is that we have to look at the body as holistic. So this model in 2013, the kind of the regional independent, has got a little bit more updated and said, hey, we get, we get the muscular skeletal aspect. Okay, we got it. Now let's step back a little bit. Let's start looking at other the neuroindocrine system. Let's look at cortisol, you know, someone's under stress. How is it going to affect immensely physically? We talk about mental health a lot, right? So, so, and I think, and I think this is very intuitive to most of the NESM family, but it's nice to get it on a piece of paper and package for us in a nice Amazon box. Yeah, I'm going to give a joke there. Yeah, right? Yeah, everyone does Amazon, right? You know, yeah, a nice Amazon gift so that once we unpack it and we start unpacking it and we start drilling down into all these concepts, then we're like, okay, it becomes very granular. We're like, oh, yeah, I get that. I know that, you know, my patients might, let's say they're more sedentary. So they're feeling a little bit kind of down like in a funk. You know, I know it affects this and that. So it's really bringing together psychology and physiology. Does that mean sense? It's kind of bringing together in one package. So, yeah, if, if you've not watched a man, I can't remember if it's, or mostly, but wonderful pain researchers out of Australia. And he does a TED talk about being bitten by a snake in the bush. Yeah, it is brilliant. Most wonderful. I love it when you get researchers like you and him that have wonderful personalities that can tell wonderful stories and also have the science to back it. And it's like, man, I want to listen to you, but he talks about this, this wonderful concept of pain and how the brain creates pain. And so I had a physical therapist telling me one time, he was real big and debutler and mostly. It's like he was, he was switching his whole thing to no more muscular skeletal. He was just going to, it was almost like a psychoanalytic of everything. And he said, you know, pain is in your brain anyway. And so every once in a while I'd come to him and I would say, hey, I need you to help me out because my brain is making my knee hurt. So if pain is in the brain, but my knee is hurting, there are multiple factors and muscular skeletal should not be thrown out of that because I've been to treatment multiple times and it is muscular skeletal treatments in many instances that have helped me sometimes just like that feel better and sometimes after multiple treatments feel better. So let's dig into this muscular skeletal component and again shout out to Butler and Mosley and one of them, his name is Laura Moore. Laura Moore Mosley, I believe. So Mosley is the one who does the TED Talk. Please go check that out. Again, Australian guy, great pain researcher talks about being bitten by a snake and you know it's going to be a good story. Check that out on the TED Talks on YouTube. But let's get into kind of this concept of muscular skeletal, regional interdependence and what we can do as fitness professionals, as somebody that's not here to really treat pain. That's not our job. Our job if somebody is in pain is to first of all avoid pain and then to recommend that they go see somebody like you, a licensed professional that can help support treat pain. But that doesn't mean we can't exercise with them or can't work out with them. So you know we want to avoid that area of pain. We don't want to put in the men any more pain. But we can help. And one of the ways that we can help is we don't necessarily treat pain but we treat movement, we treat movement dysfunction. We can look at where somebody is weak, where somebody is tight. We can focus on let's go through the corrective exercise model. We can inhibit, we can lengthen, we can activate, we can do integrate. Let's speak to what we can do is corrective exercise specialists using the regional interdependence model and how we can apply it. Yeah, so that's an awesome segue into looking at this. So if we focus on kind of like the original like the muscular skeletal approach, a lot of times when I'm teaching this class to my university students or just work with patients myself and my clinical practice, one thing I think is important to understand and appreciate is when some when a client reports their perception of pain. Remember pain is a perception. Okay, I think we all have to go back to the basics and realize that our bodies are telling us something. Okay, pain is a sensation. It's a it's an a parent response. Okay, so our brain is saying ow. All right, simply ow. So then that's going to cause an e-fair reaction all the way down from the cortical brain, mid-brain, central nervous system to our spinal cord. So we get that we get this, we get this huge action and if you follow mostly and you follow a lot of this pain research, when people are in pain, obviously it's a stress or just so the sympathetic nervous system kicks on. So everything, so basically we have this huge upregulation of the nervous system when we're in pain. Okay, and I think that that's important because as as specifically for fitness professionals in my humble opinion, we always have to kind of identify where the pain is or what it is. Okay, so is it acute, is it acute muscle soreness after a workout? Okay, that's that's cool. Or is it delayed onset muscle soreness? Okay, is it is it a is it a level of pain that is kind of like that no no pain? You know what I mean? So I want to be careful though with fitness professionals who may not who may go out of their scope of practice, we don't want to diagnose, we never want to do that, but we do want to kind of identify it and if they come in with pain, we as a professional and as part of the health care industry, that fitness is considered healthcare these days is that we've got to investigate a little bit more and we have to ask questions, you know like okay what's what's when I want to your pain and you know how to this happen. So you want to kind of identify you know the mechanism right the type of pain, the intensity and also the aggravating factors like what's bothering them, but also what's relieving them. So it it takes like a minute to kind of go through some questions and figure it out, but I always recommend that every fit pro does a sting test, right? If it stinks don't do it, you know, it just just kind of just kind of realize that. So I think I think the first step is it then defines, identifying some type of discomfort or pain. Was it just soreness from the exercise and stuff and then then from there as a professional then they would determine okay it's safer them to continue with my workouts. Does that make sense and I think that that's that's important. Now we're not talking about okay I'm sore from the exercises we want that, you know everyone loves to get sore after a workout these days, especially our weakened warrior groups, you know all the crossfitters and all the stuff the hit trainers. So we want we want that, but then also too we have to realize that as as corrective exercise specialists and fitness professionals we're also experts in movement okay there's a huge body of research that shows that if we move it it it helps us decrease pain in the body. Woo! It was saved against for the people in the back row. Yes brother okay brother doctor Rick. Yes so if we move there is research especially for low back pain and stuff post surgeries and stuff our bodies are designed for movement okay and that is the most that is probably the biggest take home that I can give today is our bodies are designed to movement. If we move we feel back okay we we we we look at all the physiological things that occur just with human movement right the neurophysiological system the cardiovascular and we can just go over a whole hour of just all the effects we got a move and so I think this model when it comes as someone who's in pain especially musculoskeletal that's where in the new corrective exercise specialists or I call it kind of new or updated the updated material is we expanded our catalog in the assessment flow and we we kind of use the original the regional interdependence as a foundation as as corrective exercise specialists go through their corrective exercise assessment we're looking at the whole body and we're doing a combination of you know flexibility and mobility tests all the way through okay so I need to speak to that also for just a moment for for us to understand a little bit better what is that difference between flexibility and mobility okay well a lot of times you know again it's it's almost like you know Rick it's almost like the term functional training like what does that mean yeah I'm going to do functional training you're like okay you know I'm not going to garden I'm going to dig a dish we're going to throw ball right I mean who knows what functional training is so so when it comes to like flexibility that that's kind of a broad term that that we use just kind of saying that it's a combination of it's just in my opinion it's a combination of tissue extensibility right your mile fascia is able to to stretch and lengthen and broaden and all that but also it's joint mobility okay the joint capsule the legaments it's all kind of one kind of a seven layer bean dip I'm getting hungry right yeah everything's all kind of smack together so so basically for someone to be flexible or to have kind of mobility they're all kind of interchangeable irregularness of the term you need to have good joint range of motion right and that's the measurement of joint mobility and you also have to you also have to have good extensibility and neural muscular control of the muscles as I make sense so those are the three components that we look at is the joint has to be able to move through the full range of motion the tissues have to stretch but also you need good motor control you need good co-contractions good good control good motor patterns to make the whole system work so so those are kind of the the three tenants that encapsulate flexibility slash mobility if that's kind of what okay I'm honestly thinking notes right now I'll thank you sir thank you sir appreciate and I'm coming from Dr Rick here I mean I'm gonna blush I like right well you given this kind of a system to follow too like here's a 1 2 3 1 2 3 and I like that and I'm going to go ahead well I wanted to talk about some specifics of regional and independence and this goes back to the research article that that you had done back in 2014 at the Journal of Athletic Therapy and Training and it talks about kind of treatments to one area that help to address issues in other areas and you you talked about the lateral epicon delight us and treating up the neck or you may have talked about the correlation between weak abductors and ankle sprains but what are some of the other things that have been found and these are these are ways that we as corrective exercise specialists can actually address maybe some flexibility stability some strength in certain locations of the body to help people when it comes to issues that they may be having again not necessarily addressing pain but for instance I'm not a physical therapist but I love having conversations with my clients physical therapist is they're going to treatment so that way they can keep working out but I know that I'm still addressing something that is very important and something that's also very helpful is that sometimes I might say something that the physical therapist goes oh yeah that's actually a really good idea can why don't we implement that and have that take place and so whether that's looking at kind of stabilizing in a different plane of motion or addressing a particular region of the body that may not have been addressed these are all conversations that I have with the therapist and I want the therapist to have back with me so that I can still do my job and let's make sure that we understand this my job is a personal trainer I'm not trying to cross over into physical therapy I'm not trying to cross screen it streams I love being a trainer and I don't want to be a physical therapist I want to do some really solid, fun exercises I want to help people lose weight I want to help people move better I want to help you become more functional whether that's throwing a ball or gardening or digging a ditch I want that but if somebody is addressing pain as a therapist and I can reinforce and support them I want to do that too so can we talk about some of the areas like addressing the lumbar spine to treat hip pain or knee pain or potato form a femoral syndrome or hamstring strains or going down some of this list of what you found that certain areas help other areas and what might be something that trainers can do to help support physical therapist on an hour end. Yeah so let's why don't we break it down to upper body and lower bodies that's how I'm okay and we'll just do some bullet points for the team for the family who's watching so first of all when we talk about when we talk about the shoulder and I think that that's one of the hot the most highly injured joints in an athletic people because we know we know the glental hemorrhol joint right and the scapula thoracic they're very unstable they really depend on muscular control right so so the first thing to do is what I always tell people and when I teach this at all levels I always talk about that the shoulders all about space you need to have good posture you need to be able to correct posture first with any type of upper extremity issue okay second of all is you need to have scapula stability early scapula stability in my opinion my humble opinion takes care of a lot of issues you got shoulder impenishment you got your elbow tendonitis is you even have your your your wrist flex or an extensor issues you know you have all that stuff you have you have your your cervical spine issues right like the tech snack and you have a lot of these posture related disorders if you if you restore motion for you know if you restore proper kind of proper posture with people and you get good cemetery in the muscles and you create that good neutral posture you create space underneath the shoulder and the subacromial space you open up the neck you open up the lateral for amen with the nerves and all that so you really open things up so anything with the upper body or one is get you know restore posture okay number two is create space by getting a more dynamic you know cemetery the muscles to help control and hold that dynamic posture as I make sense and I and I think that that's important because it think about this though too clinically I work with a lot of tennis players in southern California right we've had people with with the wrists and elbow issues but it wasn't coming from that it was coming from a week shoulder okay it was coming from a week scapular thoracic joint so the scapular stabilizers were not were not stabilizing as they were going through their forehand ground strokes and stuff all the pressure was going to the elbow and they were opening up during their swing so the whole kinetic chain was breaking down because that's why we always go to the tenant of proximal stability first and that's the core shoulders good posture before distal control mobility okay and so we've seen that over and over again and that's been a big theme in the RII or the regional independence research is saying look get good alignment okay get good strength motor control you know good dynamic posture whatever we want to classify it proximally that takes care of the extremities because the muscles will automatically kind of kind of kick in once you have that and they'll have those good synergistic co-contractions motions and all three planes of motion does that make sense and I think and then and so that's one of the biggest things we looked at when it comes to the upper body you know again correct posture get good cemetery fix the overactive and underactive so if we're going to throw the upper body into the corrective exercise continual right not step one is what we do is we always we always inhibit right and hit it the overactive so that means you know try to attack those overactive with either foam rolling they can go get a massage you can do some other type of inhibitory stuff lengthen muscles but those are all locally done right those are kind of local and stuff then as you go to step three or or phase three of the corrective exercise continuum you go into activate will activate becomes more of a regional now because regional under dependent so you're going to you're going to you're going to activate some of the inhibited local scapular muscles but you're also going to be working the core the hip and you're going to be activating that whole kinetic chain see so that's where the regional independence starts to expand then when you integrate that's when you start doing full body movements you know lunge with the reach you know if there are tennis players you're going through different sports specific movements that have to do with the whole kinetic chain okay so those are so so hopefully I know we have a short amount of time but for me early scapular control early posture takes care of so many upper kind of quarter upper extremity issues at the cervical spine shoulder elbow and and rest and is that is that one of the reasons also we're seeing such a proliferation of things like thoracic spine mobility as well you know that's something even a few years ago I never saw really in the fitness industry except for we would foam roll the thoracic spine that was a big part of it but now we're talking about mobility active range of motion like all these wonderful things is do we find that the thoracic spine a lot of things going on at the thoracic spine also kind of reach out into these other areas yeah and exactly and we found out that now remember too just here's here's a perfect example and we can get deep you know maybe at another segment if you want to but if everyone here is with me and we all kind of flex our shoulder up okay we have to remember that the last 10 to 15 degrees actually has influenced by the by the upper thoracic spine okay and then we also understand too that when we rotate our neck okay there's been some very good anatomical studies that show that are spine C1 to C7 rotates but the spine also rotates down to T3 okay so so we so we have this cervical thoracic integration whenever we have bad posture whenever whenever we rotate so that's why whenever I have personally when I'm when I'm kind of having my PT had on if I have somebody with a shoulder issue and I know that they have restriction and hypomobility in the upper thoracic spine I'll do manipulation to loosen it up then I'll take them through the corrective exercise continuum to really retrain and I'm telling you right now for some reason at least for my practice I'm able to get them out back to the gym quicker than if I just stuck to the old let's just treat one joint at a time because I'm okay so so so so so so I think everyone who's listening now we're starting to kind of put the package together and we're realizing that you got to look at the whole body and so it should make sense like if everyone's with me if I can kind of expand myself everyone has bad posture and they lift their arm up you can see that you're you're gonna impinge right but if you sit up you have a lot more motion right so we we understand through regional and independence and it's kind of obvious but sometimes like as we're looking at the rear view mirror things are closer than they appear right yeah and I think it's a great analogy because a lot of times we may we might look at stuff but like you said everyone foam rolls the thoracic spine but why what's the why behind it and so the the RIM model gives us that that look at that and just me kind of you know talking on the upper body it makes sense now that okay I have to address the thoracic spine through posture mobility right so I need to take you take basically all the different upper kinetic chain check through the corrective exercise continuum and then that takes care of a lot of issues and stuff like that so for the fit pros out there if you have somebody who has elbow pain right take them through the updated corrective exercise flow and look at thoracic mobility because we have that in there now we actually we added that to the new updated material because we wanted people to look at everything from the RIM model so look at the neck look at this and also too I've had many fit pros come to me and say you know hey doctor Scott you know I know I know you sent somebody with me with elbow pain but when I moved their neck and I do a screen it's giving them some numbness and tingling down the arm yeah so there was one person that they did that and we we just started seeing them it was like their second session and the other therapist that we're seeing them I'm like okay let me see them so then we have the patient come back and and saw me and I really started screening the neck and we found an underlying what's called a stenosis where he had some wear and tear of a of a disc and it was pension on the nerve now he didn't need surgery or anything like that we were able to safely rehab them but it's it's it's it's the collaboration between different professionals that work okay so the RIM model connects a lot of professionals along the continuum of care right and yeah and I and again I think it's important for the fitness professional to remember that in my in my humble opinion there the job of a fit as a fit pro is a kind of continue where where the patient left off and rehab it's like it's like a baton right it's like we're asking that we're passing the baton and so the simplest recipe is just pick up where the physical therapist left off that is right yeah it's just it's a safest thing to do and then you can progress them in the gym and stuff and most PT's that I know are really cool and they they love a fitness professional because we realize that you know we don't know anything right I mean we're learning and there's so many smart people out there right and so I think it's important as we look at the RIM model and some examples that we have to be able to expand our catalog of what we know so the updated material really you know is a foundation for really looking at the whole body which is a more current thing because you know any SM work cutting edge I mean that's the point any SM's cutting edge we're we always do our best and as material comes out you know it it takes a lot of work we have so many professionals so many great minds that I worked with oh my gosh I mean I don't know how many times I bow down to everybody I mean Dr Kyle stole Tony Amler right I mean Amy I mean all these great professionals yourself Rick we're always doing this and so I think everybody here listening if you guys can get a hold of the new material it's gonna open your eyes to the you know a little bit more and kind of build upon that so with the time we have left though at the time we have left let's talk about lower extremities is that sound good let's kind of round out yeah our tone yeah let me just address something real direct and and what it's really about that I want to address right now it's about networking with it as a fitness professional with other people like yourself as a physical therapist or whether you work the chiropractor or an athletic trainer or who member it is isn't really a matter and and I always say the the person that catches the most fish not only fish is in the right place but also has the biggest net so for us we need to expand our network we need to reach out and reach across and stop saying as a personal trainer their mind mind mind because addressing pain isn't our thing that's not what we do we don't have a license to do that so if we stay in our lane but we expand our network then I think we're going to be able to catch a lot more fish because as you said more professionals license professionals are referring out more towards fitness and fitness is now being seen as a health need and a health must and so if you can pass the baton as a physical therapist to us over here as personal trainers then you know that we have a corrective exercise specialty and that we have a background you're more willing to say hey I'm going to say you know our time is done but if you want to see someone else these are people that I recommend yeah and you know one tenant that I always teach and I've always as I always believed in is that humility builds bridges okay cockiness burns it right I mean come on I mean everyone knows to and this day and age how much we know look at the COVID we don't know anything right I mean honestly yeah so I think everybody I think the fifth pros out there in my opinion I think that fifth pros are becoming you know and they need to realize too is that they are part of the continuum of health care you know and and fitness is so important so they are bound by HIPAA you know and you got and fifth pros out there I'm saying even myself because I do a lot of fitness when I'm functions of fifth pro I realize that I'm part of this this medical team per say you know so if you need to call a doctor and don't be afraid I mean you got a function within your lane right you got to stay in your lane and you have to you can't really diagnose you got to be careful because you know you you we're a litigious society so you got to protect yourself I mean that's understandable but also though too if it's beyond your pay grade move the client up to the next pay level right like for me you know we see clients direct access in California so if I do an exam and there's a big medical red flag that comes up I'm gonna send them to an orthopedic because it's out of my realm and I'm not gonna diagnose them as far as you know a medical diagnosis because I'm not medical I'm physical therapy so I do a physical therapy diagnosis right so so I think it's important like you're saying is that the networks these days are very symbiotic okay we refer to each other and I think the fitness professional you know needs to realize and you know that there's no one better than anybody because there's plenty of clients to go around I know many fitness professionals who are making way more money than me and also seeing some and also seeing some very cool celebrities here in California I'm freaking jealous you know I'm saying yeah I know right okay buddy is like you know like go on peak to half relax you know let's let's work together because then then it feeds us all so you know so I think I think that there's a new wave of humility that's going around and you know but I depend on my fitness professionals mind that work that I do they I've trained them in a sense as far as a physical therapy like here's what I want after phase four of ACR rehabilitation I'll send them to the fibro and so they know what the markers are but other than that I trust them to be movement specialists I trust them to be corrective exercise all the fitness professionals I work with have their CES because I told them I said you know what you know I could probably get you discount code or whatever which we did you know the stuff but I made sure that they understood what was going on in the continuum because that's what simple that's simply what I asked them what phase are they in in the continuum right and and then from there because we know though the size the OBT model corrective exercise is going to be popped in and out of every phase it depends because we every then we always have a joint that hurts I don't know about you man I'm old right I always got something going on everybody if you're active there's always something so the the CES model will always fit into the OBT model whenever it's needed does that make sense you know you may introduce and you exercise like TRX suspension training well you might have to do some correctives with that right you know so so there's so many there's so many things that can be fit so that's where I think like your saying is the networking comes in of just realizing that we're all one team and I think if we do that more we will we'll be able to take care of clients more more plus the monetary helps to right we all make a little I mean come on we got to pay the bills so I think that that so can we speak maybe just a couple of minutes on lower extremity and then if you've got time and Greg if you have time we can open it up to some of the questions that have been asked but let's let's hit the lower extremity quickly and kind of run through some things and then we'll go through some questions that people are asking sure yeah so one of the big things will just jump to because I think the NESM family is pretty strong on the overhead squad assessment right so I think that that's good I think we cover that one of the biggest assessments I love personally is a single like squad assessment okay because to me it tells you three things number one it tells you motor control wise concentric and concentrically and you centrically how they can control the lower extremity second of all it also works balance which we know is three components eyes inner ears and somatosensory okay the third thing is it really looks at their motor planning and motor control what is your strategy to do a single like squad does that make sense so we kind of look at strength balance and that their motor planning strategy okay are they going to hint from the hip first are they going to use a knee strategy with a knee and we call it knee dominance is a knee just going to jut forward you know are they going to kind of because remember it's movement now they're going to pronate at the ankle what is their strategy so with the single with the single leg squat test that's my gold standard for most of my lower extremities okay so I do that in all my assessments to me very simple you need to take care of your ball and socket joints that's it there's your answer okay if you get just like the shoulder if you get early control the scapular thoracic and the shoulder you take care of everything else in a sense okay just kind of generally speaking um if you take care the hip joint you take you line up the knee and you line up the ankle okay the the femurs the biggest joint the body right biggest bone cox the femurals possibly the you know people think it's the biggest joint but if you control the hip and all three planes of motion you control the femur you control the knee and theoretically you control the foot does it make sense okay you line everything up now obviously if someone has static pest planis which are flat feet or pest cave is and then in motion if they're having some type of like a we call like a flexible foot or eight more or even a heavy rigid foot which is supinate so sure there's other anatomical things but as we're talking quickly if you want to do some really correctives I always tell people to do the proximal stability first that includes the lumbal pelvic hip complex okay take care of that kinetic chain first so again really simply everyone out there clear all your kinetic chains if someone has a neck issue or whatever clear the upper kinetic chains then go down go down to your lower kinetic chains and see if there's any regional interdependence is everyone get that so so so in simply if we want to package it take each of your five kinetic checkpoints make sure and check each of them off okay pick pick the most important one first so someone has a lumbal pelvic hip issue let's say let's say they're having hip pain or they're having low back pain will obviously target that kinetic check point first then going by the regional interdependence model go above and below and get those checkpoints so it's really easy just use your kinetic checkpoints the the most important one first and then start picking off the other ones and then that gives everybody who who's listening a very nice strategy that automatically incorporates the regional interdependence model and I know most of the fit pros and most of the great minds at any SM we've always been doing it this is just a nice package and a nice title that we can use that helps us stay focused just like the set principle or you know this principle is specific specificity you know I always make that you know be it's a good effort you might have liked that yeah so anyways you want to say it's like whatever you know let's go to Greg for a moment let's see if we have any questions for Dr Scott Cheatum from the group here yeah we do active chat today thank you everybody for joining us Danielle in the chat wants to know regarding a comprehensive posture analysis do you have a recommendation for posture analysis app or something uh particular software potentially that can be used for my remote clients oh that's a good question I mean I like I love the edge app I think the edge app covers a lot there's a lot of posture apps out there but you know a lot of you know sometimes simple technology helps Danielle and I think sometimes just having you know being on a Skype resume and actually having the client stand in front of you stand at the side and rotate all the way around and you're doing a head to to assessment right and then recording it and actually looking at it sometimes I think that that's the best than trying to use an app that vectors and all that other stuff so I think remotely sometimes if you're going to do like a telemedicine type of thing that's going to be the best because remember a lot of times people do their best when they're standing so sometimes you got to catch them in a relaxed stance shoes on shoes off you have to be specific you know if you're working with the runner and they're wearing hoca's which are big old beefy shoes running versus small nikes that makes a difference in their standing so I think when you're doing your static and dynamic sometimes live is better than trying to use an app I've seen a lot of limitations with the apps because they just take a picture which is one point in time I think you need to kind of watch them over a 20 or 30 second period so that's kind of my thought on that so hopefully I'm going to add something to that Scott if you guys are watching and you can see the door behind Scott kind of can't see much of it but there's you know a grid is really nice to have and so the door behind him it's got some vertical lines it's got some horizontal lines and with that being said if you have them lined up with something like that or even if it's they don't have a door like that it's just a frame of a door so you get a nice vertical line and you can see shifting of the body having a grid behind people can be very helpful so is there an app that you can use specifically yeah there are several apps out there and I'm not entirely sure what they all are but I'm buying in with what Dr. Scott saying here which is you know get on a zoom call or Skype or hang out or whatever you can and try to get this live so you can see what's going on and not capture a point in time but to get some real feedbacks and real visual what's going on and then you can give instruction as well like make sure you take your shoes off and make sure that you line up or can you turn this way a little bit so I like that idea I think it's a good idea Greg what else do we got going on here yeah Greg in the chat once know he says I grew up in Arizona I'm a huge time in back's fan who's your favorite time back player you worked with that Greg is actually in me but I was just saying you're okay you know I'm a big RJ fan and I love the wallet and I'm a mallet guy you know Randy Johnson had me at hello you know some of the big I'm back fan and remember out here in Los Angeles which is the best city in the world I forgot to mention that Lakers thing captures who who was one of our biggest rivals Arizona Diamondbacks so yeah well my I just remember seeing that clip of Randy Johnson throwing that pitch and hitting the bird that went by yep oh my goodness there was there was no pain in that bird's going that bird just disappeared so we real short on time guys hey Greg is there any question we can throw out there or we we feel like we need to wrap this up no I think we've exhausted the questions after my selfish one so yeah okay well we're right at 60 minutes so I'm gonna go ahead and shout out Scott and say Dr Scott Chitam thank you so much for being on here again and you know I love having you on I'd like to have you as a kind of a regular guest every month or so to get you in and get your feedback I think you're as a researcher wonderful you are a light and lively and fun to engage with so thank you for all the work that you've done and committed to NASM and you're willingness to participate and what we're doing here yeah thank you so much and thank you for the NASM family for listening and yeah I would love to come on and talk about hot topics and you know whatever and I'm sure we can you know with the membership and stuff we can we can come up with some cool ideas so yeah hopefully I'll be on soon and we can talk more about hot topics and how they you know will we'll better our our client care right that's a whole lot of everything all right thank you everybody awesome you don't thank you so much for tuning and my name is Rick Richie this is the NASM CPT podcast

=== FILE: Everything You Need to Know About Hypertrophy [my6XFhosDBY].txt ===

I'm going to the SM, the VT podcast and Facebook Live Webcast, my name is Richie, and I want to welcome you and thank you for time out of your day to check out this side of Ken Amix cited, but I have one of my favorite researchers today, he has been a cancer study on it and the work that has with professionals and he has a lot of a book that I've read through on several occasions called the Science and Development of Muscle High Purcharfi. I want to say a big shout out and a big thank you to Dr. Brad Shonfeld. Brad, thanks for being on. My pleasure, Rudy. Yeah. So I guess first I want to get to if we can just start jumping into the topic is really a question that you series of questions. So I'm curious, what are the most conquestions that people ask about most surgery? Oh, we're the most common. I mean, the most common is how do I get big? Yeah. Oh, and that's a big question to break down. How do you break that down in a short answer or kind of, we're going to dig into it a little bit deeper, but if somebody just asked you that when they raised their hand in your classroom, how do you go about answering that? Well, after I tell them, pick the right parents. Um, I like that. That's part of it. But ultimately, look, it then starts to come down. This is where the nuance has come down. It depends upon how much you want to optimize your own genetics. So to just get bigger and to gain muscle, basically it comes down the training hard and consistently. You can do that with a very basic type of program and really not spending that much time doing it. Two, three days a week, half hour, 45 minute sessions. If you're training really hard, even single set, hit type sessions, you know, high intensity training sessions, not high intensity interval, hit meaning, high intensity one set to failure, your type was were cost failure. Can get you a majority of good amount of muscle. Now, if you then want to maximize your own genetics, then that's a, that's my book. That's where that's where textbook comes into play. And it's, it's not a question that can be answered, even in a half hour interview that we have. There's just so many nuances and it's highly individualized too. It's not there's one, one of the most important things that I will say. And I tell everyone is that I can give you, I can give you general guidelines. But ultimately, that it comes down to putting these guidelines into practice for yourself and using a trial and error approach to find out within those guidelines. How to optimize your own genetics. Well, that leads me to a question just because of something that you mentioned is leading up to failure and whether that is volitional fatigue or actual muscular fatigue. Is it, is it true that in the research we're starting to look at now more information that kind of going to the point of fatigue is really valuable, but the set range, which used to be very delineated between this is your high-perchrophy set range. And this is your endurance set range that you can high-perchrophy kind of regard us of a set range that you're looking at or it's not as black and white as we once thought it was. It's kind of a two-part question, but I'm kind of gauge both of them. That first that is true that there is no high-perchrophy range that often elusive or talked about eight to 12 reps for high-perchrophy has, I want to say it's been debunked per se because it's an effective range to train in, but you can gain muscle across a dairy-wide span of repetition ranges. Anything from your RONOM up to 40 repetitions or even potentially some more, but very, very high-reps, 30-40 reps per set, as long as you are taking those close to failure, as long as you are so sufficiently chapped, if you're doing like that Tracey Anderson workout, think dumbbells, that's not what we're talking about here. Using lighter-reloads where you're really pushing yourself on those last couple reps, I will say that for the very low repetition, so like the very heavy loads, you're one, two and three reps, while you certainly can build muscle, it's not an effective or inefficient way to do it because you have to do a lot more sets to make up for the volume load. There's just not enough volumes, you'd have to do a lot more sets, but it's a lot of stress on the joints when you're doing very heavy loads for high volumes. So generally speaking, you'd be looking at five reps, six reps, plus up to 30 or so, or more. So that's question number one, so certainly yes, you can gain muscle during large amounts of wide variations of repetitions, as far as doing the failure, it does seem that higher reps it becomes the higher the repetition range, the more important it becomes to at least come close to failure. I am still not convinced in the literature, but we have a meta analysis and review that should be coming out soon, which does not really show a true benefit to going to all out failure. Now there are limitations to the research. I still do think and working with a lot of high level bodybuilders that perhaps as you get really close to your genetic potential that it might become more important. We don't have literature on those types of trainees, so the really, very instantaneous trainees, but I think for the vast majority of people, you need to go close to failure, at least on some of the sets. Taking them to a repetition in reserves or RAR, if you familiar with that concept, how many reps shorter failure you are of one or two reps shorter failure probably. But again, it is also then the nuances depend upon the loading range, is it a three or five or seven rep range, is it a 10 or 12 rep range, or is it a 20 or 30 rep range, as I said, is you start going higher and higher with the rep range comes more important to get close to failure. Okay, that's right. You would also mention high intensity interval training. I think that probably most people associate that with metabolic expenditure and they're going to burn a lot of calories in a short amount of time and it's very good for weight loss, but are we seeing then that there's a correlation between doing the high intensity or to full training and high-perchrophy as well? If you are untrained individual, that would be the case that there is some evidence that using higher intensity aerobic work will lead to high-perchrophy, it seems to top out fairly quickly over the first few months, you have to several months and then and it seems also more specific to the type one fibers because of the, again, you are really not achieving more, a lot of it is more cardiovascular failure than it is the muscle failure in that right, challenging the muscles. So it's not real depletion of the fatigue locally, that's causing fatigue, it's more cardiovascular fatigue. If we then get into what happens at the muscle and maybe this is just a bit more physiology, but if you could speak to it, what actually happens on the muscular level that leads to high-perchrophy or we looking at, is it mechanical stress, is it muscle damage, is it metabolic stress, is it a combination, is it neural, is it hormonal, kind of what do all of these different components play into high-perchrophy? So I'm not sure how deep you want to get here, because I'm gonna apply a complex process and you can then take it from there, from what we can expand on it, but basically the mechanical forces are transformed, transduced, it's called mechanical transduction. So mechanical forces are transformed into chemical signals and basically at the muscle cell, there are the sensors, they're called integrins, there are others too, but the sensors are mechanical sensors and they convert the, it sends these mechanical signals, they then work to convert them into these chemical signals, and there's an intracellular signaling cascade, which is a series of enzymes that basically take, you have upstream enzymes, which are your higher level, and then they go all the way to downstream, where you downstream is where protein synthesis occurs, and that's the muscle-building process. One of the enzymes, called M2R, which you might be in many people might be familiar with, that is a molecular nodal point, one of the enzymes within the intracellular signaling cascade, some middle-level, it's kind of in between up and down stream, and there are other, it's basically, it's a cascade, it's a series of these enzymatic initiatives, and there are multiple pathways that lead to M2R, and there are also, it's believed them to our independent cascades, even without M2R, once some of that virtually. So again, I just want to point out how complex this cascade is. Sure. I'm going to start asking about, is muscle damage involved? So obviously, the mechanical forces are your driving force, because the forces are what are converted, but our other factors really, I think that's where, what's the more interesting question is, is metabolic stress involved? Is muscle damages high-poxia in other factors, and the truth is, we're just not sure, there is certainly some evidence that points to it, but you can send men to the moon at this point, we know exactly how to figure out what makes muscle grow, and we're so far from really having a full understanding. There is certainly evidence that there is effects of muscle damage and metabolic stress, but there are also some evidence that there's not, or that it's minimum, whether it happens into the extent that it does occur, is it clear? And what is clear is that the driving force is your mechanical forces, and everything else would be added to that. And of course, you kind of mentioned a chronic hormonal levels. So if you're very well-like at the male, has very low testosterone levels. If you're a male in your tea levels, if you're hypergonatol, let's see, especially when it happens in elderly men, but if you're testosterone levels, let's say a hundred and nine degrees per decilator, or in your base levels, normal levels are 300, and generally normal with somewhere 500 to 600, you're going to have a tough time growing muscle. So there's other certainly other factors we do know get involved there. And of course, one of the elephant and the room we haven't touched on is nutrition. That's what I was talking about. And I did ask question. You need the obviously sufficient protein, is essential if you're deficient in protein. Well, that's going to be an issue in calories themselves, if you were not taking insufficient calories. So if you're in a caloric deficit, it's harder to grow muscle. And that really speaks to kind of a, be a surplus of protein is what most people think of, but you're kind of adding to that, and it's not just an extra surplus of protein. And we're kind of looked at what the research is interesting because it's kind of what bodybuilders have been saying from since I was born, which is the amount of grams per body weight in pounds, right? And there's a conversion where it's kind of grams to kilograms, right? So it ends up being if you're 175 pound male, you would have up to 175 grams per protein. Is that, is that what the research is pointing to right now? That's correct. So it's somewhere between 1.6 to 2.2 grams per kilogram. That's 2.2 kilograms in a pound. So 2.2 kilograms per pound, 2.2 grams per kilogram is the same thing as a gram per pound. Do you actually need that much? That's still not clear. Partially, or we seemingly will depend upon how hard you're training. What stressors in your life and other factors, it could be a little bit lower. Generally my recommendations for people who really want to maximize muscle mass or between 0.8 to 1.0 grams per pound. So let's say if you're 200 pounds, it would be a minimum of what say 160 grams and up to 200. When you start getting over 1 gram per pound, it probably doesn't make much if any difference that your body cannot store excess protein. It's basically just going to oxidize the frenagy. So it's kind of wasted protein at that point. Gotcha. And eating that much protein at some point, at least I remember in college it was like, man, if I have to eat another can of tuna or if I have to try and try and to take in protein can be an arduous process within itself. Well, so that's another interesting point. So that is definitely true. And that is why if your goal is weight loss, getting more protein can potentially help you to lose weight because it can make you less hot. It basically can blend your appetite. So there is at least the theory that if you want to have higher amounts of protein, and there also is some evidence that in a court deficit, it might need slightly more even than a gram per pound if you want to hold onto your muscle. It's so somewhat equivocal, but certainly it is difficult to eat protein a lot of protein. So yeah, if you want to lose weight, it's a good consuming more protein is a good strategy. Gotcha. What are is there a recommendation or at least some evidence that supports what is they other kind of distribution of macro nutrients that you would take in? Not really. To me nutrition, so I would say that you need you have a faster essential. So carbohydrates are essential. No, just because they're not essential doesn't mean they're not beneficial. That's another great. It's like your keto components will say what carbs are in essential. So just because something is in essential, that doesn't mean they might not be beneficial. And there's certainly, again, I know we don't have time in this short interview to go into, certainly reasons why having some carbohydrate intake is going to fuel performance, especially anaerobic performance, your B vitamins or largely in carbohydrates of fiber, is in carbohydrate. Anyway, what I would say is can you be on a keto diet? It's not from me, but yeah, it's a viable diet. I would also say that if you want to maximize muscle gain, a keto diet probably is not your ideal diet, you can do, you can gain muscle. But if you're looking to maximize for a bodybuilder, it's probably not optimal. Because again, you're going to have a low glycogen stores and thus should performance. And that's been shown well in the literature. But I'm a proponent basically of the other macros alone, as long as you get your essential fats, your pinyin saturates. So your omega 6 or omega 3s, particularly important are your omega 3s, which are official oil, the flax seeds, and some seeds. But the real importance of these fats, or that, basically you'll make a 6 or omega 3, have this yinging-yang relationship for inflammatory, healthy inflammatory properties, and it's just harder to get your omega 3s, your omega 6 or more readily available in most foods. But anyway, I mean, if you get 20% of your calories from fat, or so, and that'll depend upon how many calories you're eating, the rest of the difference really is up to the person. For me, eating diet comes down to what hurts. You can tell someone what to eat if they don't want to eat that, and it's not within their tastes and their likes. It's not going to happen. So as they kind of go with a whole food diet for the most part, you can stick to 80% whole foods, and whether you want to eat more fats or carbs, kind of based it on your own preferences, and your own performance. If you see your performance sucks in the gym, and it's harder to gain muscle, well, you've got to decide if I really want to gain the muscle, maybe add in some carbs. Right. So let me ask a few other questions. I think these are valuable questions that have come up on a regular basis to me, so I'm not opposed to you, and then we'll go over to Greg and see who's listening live, and what questions are there. One of them is about kind of a spike in just the world around this blood flow restriction. What are some of the science behind it, and how on earth does that relate to personal trainers, or is that something that personal trainers can be familiar with, but never actually employ? Well, I think both. So I think it's both. I think certainly they should be familiar with whether they choose to employ it or not, it will be up to, is it essential? No. Can it be a tool? I always hate to use cliches like tool and the tool box, but I mean, you know, basically these are tools or exercises are tools, just like a carpenter uses hammer and a nail, we use exercises, and blood flow restriction training has some very interesting science behind it, and there's been a lot of work I've carried out. Collaborated and carried out a lot of work on this, we just published a paper on it's use bodybuilding, just an SCA journal, and I say on the SCA on this podcast. You can. I ascribe to their journal as well, so it's good. I think there are no, it's just published on the use for physique athletes, bodybuilders, but essentially, so there are some limitations for those who don't know what for a stretch and training is where you use a cuff and you put it proximal to the muscle. So basically it's only can only be used for the extremities, for the most part, so your arms and your legs, and if you'd want to, let's say get your biceps, you put it right at the deltoid level, and you would inflate the cuff, generally between 140 to 160 180mm of mercury, there is some research on how much pressure should be applied, that's still coming into play. But anyway, basically the idea is to cut off or to impede, I don't want to say to cut off some of it, to impede the arterial flow to the muscle, but I'm sorry, but I'll allow the arterial flow into the muscle, but impede the back flow. Yeah, the venus return. So basically it's a way of creating a pupsic environment in the muscle, and it's been shown to enhance hypertrophy similar to, so if you use very light modes, generally 20 to 30% of you want to RL, and there's evidence that using very light loads with this restriction is for 15 to 20 reps or so, can get you a hypertrophy similar to heavy load training. And why is that important? Well, I mean, first of all, they seem to have different mechanisms of play, and there is some evidence that you might be able to increase type 1, 5, or hypertrophy, basically type 2, and that might be beneficial, certainly for bodybuilders or to Z-gap weights, and perhaps for endurance athletes as well, that might be a plus. There also seems to be different mechanistic factors, so it's possible that combining blood flow or stretching training with traditional training might have a synergistic effect. And finally, it's a very nice strategy for injury. So if you can injured and you need to use lighter loads, without using a ton of reps, which can be for a lot of, let's say you can use light loads to failure at 40 reps. If you do blood flow or stretching training, you cut that down, let's say 15 to 20 reps. So basically cut it in half, and there were reps, and make it a lot more, or want to say, enjoy it. Well, but certainly less, so I guess the reason I was kind of concerned and drawing maybe a little trepidation leading into that is because I just don't want personal trainers to hear how beneficial it can be, and then just start turning, turning people's arms. And so there's actually been some new research showing that wrapping a turnic hit around the muscle probably, because yeah, it's hard to know exactly how much pressure to apply. And there was usually there was an old gauge that they used to say a paint tolerance of roughly a seven on the scale of 10. So if it's, if you feel like it's strangling you, that's a 10. And if you're, you don't feel anything that's a one, and you should be seven where it's somewhere in between, you know, you're feeling it. But the accuracy that has been question, the good thing is, is they now are having actual units that are being sold. And there are a couple of entrepreneurs, but so they're coming way down and cracks, the old cats who do the research, five thousand four dollars. But they now are selling these portable units. So there's a couple of companies just said, be one, I don't want to make this like it's a problem. But I mean, it worked very well. So I'm not going to mention their name, because I'm not looking, I'm not showing anything. But I will say people want to research it for our units out there. And they worked well. I mean, it basically would play it and it comes in on your own blood pressure and sets the pressure for you. I think the cell press was like a hundred and a hundred and a hundred dollars from something like that. So it's becoming much more feasible, point here is that it's becoming a lot more feasible through use in a personal training setting. All right. Right. By the way, another point that I should make is it also given our stuff. And definitely would would push trainers more towards the purchase of something like that versus grabbing some bands or tubing and trying to create turnicats. So I was probably a better way of gaging and something that I don't know if personal trainers consider as much as they should, which is our job ultimately is keeping people safe while exercising and providing results. So if you're not familiar with it, my suggestion is don't just go out there and start turnicating and restricting and potentially occluding blood flow. So I think that the science behind it's really good and you and several other people have done some brilliant stuff. But there are some wonderful machines and supporting tools that allow for people to employ such things, which I think is a good idea. What? We would done it. And I would go in. Oh, sorry. Go ahead. Can you hear me? Yeah. So I would say I was really stuck. But that's no different than you should be teaching or not you. But personal trainer should be teaching a squat or a deadlift or a Turkish get-up if they don't know how to perform it. So you never wanted to just say, all right, I hear about blood flow restrictions so I'm going to tie something on to someone. Yes, you need to do your intelligence anytime if you're a trainer. You are responsible for your client. And you need to use proper, a bubble, do no harm. So you need to use take off precautions and make sure that you're fully versed in what what it entails and how to go about using it before you employ that tool. Just like a carpenter is going to go use a save or saw if you doesn't have to use the save or so I would hope cut off his hand. That's a good analogy. I want to ask maybe just a couple more questions before we go to the people. One is just a can you just touch briefly on I had heard somebody say that time under tension is dead. Is that in a factor is that hyperbally? No, that's definitely hyperbally. I mean, so I don't even know what context I'm going to say that. What I would say is what I think is maybe and maybe this was the point but I think is more challenge is the question is there an ideal time under tension of a given set and I think that is much more in question. I think that the question then becomes, certainly there's a time under tension for a session from let's say a muscle group. But as I mentioned, let's say you're doing three reps. Okay, let's say you're doing the 3RM and that how long would that take to do with 3RM? 8 seconds, 10 seconds maybe? That versus a set of 12 reps. How long would that take? Well, let's say a 1, 2, 10, 4, 30 seconds, 35 seconds or so, 40 seconds, 34. So that's your range. But then one if you're doing 7 sets of 3. So that's your time under tension for that. So let's say if you do a 3 sets of 10, that's 90 seconds. If you're doing 7 sets of 3, let's say 10 sets. That's that rate sets of 3s, 80 seconds. You're going to get the same time under tension for that given exercise. And we actually have done work on that. My doctoral dissertation work was on that exact topic and we show no differences in my purchasing. So I think the question then becomes if you keep your muscles under tension for a given period of time for a given session, that really is probably more relevant. I do not think that there is a set should be looked at that you have an ideal time under tension for a given set. And also the lighter loads, the time under tension of your first wrap, let's say let's say you're doing 30 reps versus 10 reps. Well the first rep of a 10RM is going to be a lot more taxing if you will than the first rep of a 30RM, right? The first rep of a 30RM, you don't even basically feel what you're lifting. So the time under tension again is not really relevant in that respect because you're not equating the actual tension. You're just equating a time that the muscles, but what is the actual quality of the tension? So it's more new on, again, these are my signals. People tend to oversimplify these types of things when they're much more nuanced. We need to, I think one of the issues in fitness is everyone wants the buzz term, like time under tension is a cool buzz term and an easy concept to understand, but no one wants to dig into the details and really explore the nuances that are critical to making determinations. Thank you for that. That provides quite a bit of clarity. I think I have one more question and then I'd like for if you've got time, then let's have Greg read some some questions. But I want to talk to you and we, we talk about this a little bit, but coming from you, I think it would be valuable. Linear versus undulating versus any other types of periodization regarding high purge, what are some of the best results that are seen? Yeah, I mean, if you're asking that research, very little research on that, and very little evidence that will disappear to them. There might be, we just have no evidence of it. And I tend to not really look at those terms what I would say is, if you're looking through to use periodization for optimizing high purge if you're let's say a bodybuilding or physique show, you obviously want to do a reverse linear, because you don't want to end with a power phase if you're going to maximize high purge. So just the placement of it, is it superior in the overall context? Well, I mean, it would depend when you're measurement is, but if you're measuring high purge at the end of the strength phase, it would not be tempting that we superior. So I would say that the purgeization is a concept, not a defined way of going about things. Like people talk about purgeization is that there's one way to purge that's a reverse purgeization would just mean that you're putting that I purge key phase at the end rather than at the beginning, the traditional purgeization, but I would say that there's a gazillion different ways, that's an actual word, to carry out purgeization and really the way you go about planning, because purgeization was basically structured planning, systematic way of planning your sessions. How you go about planning can be done in so many different ways and there's many different ways to optimize search. So we do not have literature on purgeization in general, or certainly for hypertrophy, so I couldn't give an evidence-based answer, since which you're here. Thank you. All right, well, I appreciate that. I appreciate it. Let's go to Greg, are there any questions that have popped up from the listeners of that regarding our subject today for Brad? Yeah, you guys answered a lot of them, but there was one in particular from fitness beta. Brad mentioned various ways of gaining muscle all the way from the low to high reps spectrum. Is there a similar part of time here? Can you? Yeah. Can you guys hear me out? Is that better? Better? Better. Come here. So Brad mentioned earlier, if we're gaining muscle all the way from the way to low to high reps is there a certain way for different populations. I mean, an athlete versus someone is looking to plead their goal. Do you hear Nick? I couldn't make it. Yeah, I was having hard time hearing from from the beginning of the call, so I missed most of that. Here's a lot of high muscle anatomy, but I wasn't sure the specifics of that. Yeah, and Greg, if you want to text to me that question or hold it up, and I can go another direction with this and then we'll still get it. And if you have some follow-up questions with that, hey Brad, so one of the questions I have is kind of interesting is that I do think there's probably a certain rep range where type two muscle fibers are certainly more engaged. And these kind of hyper-traffic ranges that can go from whatever these kind of six reps to 40 reps that we had talked about before, certainly don't involve those muscle fibers as much. So when we get into a hyper-terfee, are we seeing in these rep ranges mostly type one muscle fibers or are they type two muscle fibers as we get closer to fatigue where the other muscle fibers jump in? What's going on there? So it's interesting to ask that the literature has been somewhat mixed on that topic. Some of there are some studies that do show fiber types specific differences with your type one fibers being or preferential to high-rept training and you type two to lower-rept training. Others have not shown that and we just carried out a study that we did not look at fiber types per se. It was just published a couple days ago. But we looked at the solace muscle versus the gastroch. And what we showed was that the solace and gastroch, solace is a slow-troch muscle. 80% slow-troch fibers did not respond differently to high-breths as low-rept training, which you would figure if there was this, then it would have a better response to higher reps. So it still remains questionable, but I'm becoming more skeptical. Yeah. Does it, does it, and do you have another question? Yeah, I'm getting this one from Greg. I'm downloading the question right now, but it is taking a moment. So what I assume is happening, Brad, is that in order to keep my children quiet and our partner. So we have every single kid on a device right now and I have three of them and I'm sure my wife is on a device as well. It's taken a little bit longer from me to download this material. But the question is coming in. Sorry, Greg. Oh, one of the questions that I wanted to ask is a few seconds away. Is this this idea, as you know, I'm a relative fan of recovery. And there's this concept of supercompensation where you work out and then you go into this catabolic state and you go above your kind of regular homeostatic training state into this anabolic state that goes above. And it's, I don't know, it seems to be theoretical, but it also seems to make a great deal of concern. How valuable is the recovery that people do and how valuable is it that they get that work out and kind of at the peak of that anabolic state? Well, so the first question I'll cover is here, which is obviously if you're under a covered, you're going to not grow properly. As to what constitutes optimal recovery is a very lucid question. And I think that that there's so many factors that go into it, both genetic, combination of genetics and lifestyle and age is going to enter into it as well. So I can't give you a one-size-fits-all answer to that just to say that recovery is extremely important. And I don't think we also can look at it as a one answer in terms of that this is the way to be across the training protocol because you can look at it in blocks. There can be periods where you are over, you are under-recovered, but it actually potentially can promote greater supercompensation. Let's say you're, you put your body over stress it for a very, let's say a week or two weeks. You might be able to go under-recovered, but spur over compensation, supercompensation. So those are things that we, we're spending more insights into. Yeah, yeah, I'm here. Sorry, just cut out from moment. I've got the question Gen, that Greg sent. So, and we'll do this one. It's a Brad mentioned various ways of gaining muscle all the way from the low to high-rept spectrum. Is there a certain way that is better for different populations, for instance, that athlete versus someone who's looking to improve their health. I'll also add in there is there a difference between a male and a female, like, it comes to high-perch beach for a kind of reps game. I would not necessarily say, let's say we're talking in athlete, probably the high-perch of fiaspect would not be as relevant there, but certainly the principles specificity of training with high-reps for a endurance muscle endurance athlete. So if you let's say you're a role, let's say you do crew where you're looking for muscle local endurance, I'm not talking cardiovascular endurance, but local muscle endurance of the, let's say upper extremities using a higher rep range would potentially help in that respect. Whereas if you are a shot-bother doing heavy-erloads and more explosive training with some lighter loads, also would be more beneficial for that. In doing 20, 30 reps as a power lifter, certainly, or as a shot-bother doesn't make a lot of sense. From a health perspective, I don't think we can say that one necessarily has a better health outcome than another. I would just say that for those who let's say have osteoarthritis, it would be a benefit to use lighter loads in general, that you're going to put less joint stress on, and just in general, I think using these mixing in some of the lighter loads will facilitate recovery. So recovery of joints, not normal, but joint related recovery, and thus I would say that at the very least, even with what's a power lifters, mixing in what I would call du load type phases with higher reps would be a smart choice. Okay. All right, Greg, do we have any other questions that are coming out? And Brad, I'm sorry, I want to respect your time, too. Let's do this. I do have a question for you. How during this time has school been working and still going on for you, or you still teaching classes online, is that still happening? So all our courses have shifted to an online format, which is challenging, because we went from a purely, we integrate online content throughout the semester, but it's basically an important class course loan, and see how they've all shifted to online, which is stressful for the professor, as well as the students. So it's been challenging, but we're getting through it, and also my research, and the interpersonal research has come to a grinding hole. So I have a study that was halfway through, and we had to basically the entire study was ditched, it was 500. Five hands. There's a work loss. That didn't even do anything about that. What I would say is that many others are going through a lot worse than I, so I do have perspective on this, and I am thankful for what I have at least, and I'm very sober, it is to what's going on in the world. I'll get through it. It's challenging forever. It is indeed, well, I want to say thank you. I know that you're probably spending a lot of time learning new skillsets, like video editing, and screen recording, and things like that. So thank you. I hope the best for all the students at Lehman College that you're able to still get their heads filled with all the knowledge that you've got, and your muscles fill the arc of ears they can fit in there. So I'm going to do again a shout out to at least one of your books that I have, the science and development of muscle hypertrophy. Excellent book, great research, if is there a way that people can follow you contact reach out at social handles, anything like that you'd like to share? Yeah, I'm in a more social and personal. The textbook you're talking about the second edition, it will just, I just got my advice copy, but it will come out next month. So the second edition was over four years since I came out, but yeah, check that one out. And I'm all about social media. Insta you could just search for me on Instagram or Facebook or Twitter or the three that I use. If you Google me or if you search for me on any of the platforms, you'll find me. All right, if we look for you, we'll find you. Dr. Bradshaw and felt, thank you so much for your time, your knowledge, your expertise, and for sharing that with us. I appreciate it. Again, thank you for listening. My name is Rick Richie, and this is the NASM CT podcast. My pleasure.

=== FILE: Everything You Need to Know About Time-Restricted Feeding [ZhCoIKc0RVo].txt ===

Hello and welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie and right now we are live with our Facebook live channel. So thank you so much if you are live and tuning in. Today is going to be a pretty interesting day and I know that that's a relatively common lead in but it is in particular of interest to me because this is something we are going to be talking about today that I have practiced and I have done often on intermittently. Some would say so that I can speak to it from a place of experience but I also have a lot of questions with what we are going to be talking about today and with the guest that we have today and I am excited to have him because not only has he compiled some research on the topic of intermittent fasting and time restricted feeding but he is also helped to contribute as a subject matter expert with some of the work that he has done with us at NASM. So let me introduce to you, have him introduce himself to you, Danny Lennon. Hey man, thank you so much for being on the show today. Thank you so much Rick, it is a absolute pleasure and I am really looking forward to this conversation. Awesome brother, can you tell us just a little bit about your background academically some of the stuff that you may have done with NASM and then I read an article that you had written. So I want to get into some of the content in that article and some of the discussion around time restricted feeding. Sure, so I think the overview for people, the interesting things they may want to know is just some context of my background is I did an undergraduate degree in biology and physics education and following that after teaching for a year of those subjects realized my main passion of nutritional science was something I wanted to get back into. So did a master's degree in nutritional sciences and off the back of that set up a company called Sigma Nutrition with the goal of putting out evidence-based educational content around nutrition science and then also related health science too. And that's been going for the past six and a half years approximately and in that time probably has become most well known for the podcast, Sigma Nutrition Radio as well as other things like seminars that I put out on other pieces of content including written format which is one of the articles you may have seen around this concept of Corona Nutrition which we met explore today. In relation to my work with NASM I was honored to be part of writing for the Nutrition course. So that was an amazing project to work on with the team there and I also spoke and gave two lectures at the NASM Optima Conference last year which was amazing, especially getting this year. I know that it was only afterwards there was so many great people that I could have seen and I don't even realize afterwards it was a I packed four days of seeing people as it was. So hopefully in the future when the world has some normality back that may be a future time that we can do so. And as of right now me as well as some my colleagues here at Sigma Nutrition were also working on the weight loss specialist product that NASM is working on which I'm really excited for us too. So that's a bit about me but I'm happy to get into any more details as you wish. I do wish so let's let's start just diving right in. I think one of the the things that you mentioned here when you were doing the lead in was Corona Nutrition. Now that's not it's not a name that that maybe just a a layperson would hear. Maybe even a typical trainer would hear Corona Nutrition. I think you break it down and kind of estimate and guess what that means but can you just talk us through what that is and what you guys have been doing around it. Absolutely and I think it's not a term that's being used all that often even in other spheres, including academia. It's more a more recent branch of research that's evolved really from the intersection I suppose two different fields. One would be I'm sure many of the trainers have heard of at least the concept about our circadian rhythms that there's these different processes within the body that have a pattern that runs over the course of the day. This 24 hour rhythm that we call a circadian rhythm. They probably will have heard about that in talked about in the context of light and dark exposure or our sleep for example and that's being one field and this area of Corona biology more broadly. Within all we've also looked at how nutrition impacts various metabolic processes. So this would be our calories, macro nutrients, etc. All the good stuff that we typically talk about. And now we have this intersection of those two fields where potentially where we place our food intake and the timing and also the proportion of those meals across the day may have an influence on our circadian rhythms and therefore our overall health. And so that's where this idea of Corona and nutrition came for. So it's most simple. It's looking at the impact of our nutrition to influence our circadian rhythms and therefore our health. But also how our circadian rhythms may influence when maybe a better or worse time to consume food. And that's a general idea behind that field. And then probably what people of being most exposed to is one of the ideas that has sprung from that field has been the concept of time-restricted eating. So eating your food within a certain feeding window and then having it prolonged fasting window. A lot of times people get exposed that from the fitness scene based around intermittent fasting and it's a way to easily restrict calories for example. But there's also time-restricted eating came from the concept around how we're trying to fit that into the biological day essentially. If we restrict our feeding window, is that better from a Corona nutrition perspective is a question that we could ask and has sprung a lot of this research around a restricted feeding window. And we can clarify that more as this comes on, but that's a general overview of what some of those terms may mean. I like it. And there's been a lot of research that's come out lately. Really wonderful research about sleep and thankfully so. And we understand the importance of sleep. We're understanding it from research perspective more and more. And this term circadian rhythm keeps popping up. And just the term circadian just means circular. And it's just the just thing about our circle around the sun. It's the rhythm of the day. But there are also we'll break things up in du weeks and we'll say, hey, you can work out so many times. You can get so many minutes of exercise in a week or there's a monthly cycle for half the population to the world. There is an annual cycle where things go on. So we see this idea of time and how it relates to rhythms or certain happenings that occur. I think for a very long time and I don't know if this is just culturally something that's developed, but we have breakfast lunch and dinner. And that's kind of your three meals, your three feedings. And then there might be some grazing or snacking throughout the day. And then suddenly it just started coming at us, Danny. Like from every angle, this is the way you should eat. This is a type of eating. This is a type of eat. This many meals don't eat that restrict this. Where are we going with this conversation? What's happening in this world? And what is the research actually feeding us when it comes to what may be something that'd been happening, obviously religiously for a very long time, which is fasting. And what does that look like in a day? But what does that look like beyond a day? And what do you have any research that addresses both of those things? So what does this kind of daily intermittent window that we see? And then what happens after a day or two days? And what do we have any research that's showing fasting for multiple days? Yeah. So I think this is a really important concept to clarify some terms on because often people think about this concept of intermittent fasting as if it's one thing. And really intermittent fasting is an umbrella term for many different types of protocols that someone may have with their nutrition. As you quite rightly outline, make it could be on a daily basis. We may choose to just restrict our feeding within a certain window as time restricted eating as we may later get to. But it could also be alternative fasting where every second day someone has a day of fasting. It could be once a week someone does a 24 hour, 36 hour fast, which are becoming quite popular. Or it could even be extended fast where people are fasting for multiple days. So there's all these different permutations of types of fasts that we just put under this umbrella of intermittent fasting. And that's usually why things important to the sting which between time restricted eating and this term intermittent fasting because time restricted eating allows us to be quite precise and that we're talking about over 24 hours. What does that eating window and that fasting window look like? For example, you're going to eat within these eight hours and fast for the rest of the day. Whereas intermittent fasting could mean that but it also could mean you choose to fast one day a week or you fast for three days every month or something as you've outlined. So there's a slight distinction there in terms. And both of those can be viewed quite differently. I think just from a broad level as an overview what I would say to people is to be wary of cases where you see someone claiming that they know what the optimal fasting is that solves all these myriad of problems. Because there's so many, when we think about there's different parts of that equation that say to put a fasting protocol, we could pick how long are we going to fast for? So how many hours or days is this fast going to last? Then how frequently are we going to repeat that fasting protocol? And then during that fast, is it going to be a complete fast? Like we only consume water? Or are we going to allow maybe a small certain amount of calories? Which you would see in something like alternate day fasting. We're on fasting days people usually consume about 400 calories for example. So these these three different variables. Now if we were to start coming up with different combinations of those three things, there's almost an endless number of types of fasting strategies. And to think that we would have tested them all with research now to know the one true answer doesn't really make any sense. But what we can do is try and approximate what generally do we see our beneficial things from from research that may be a good heristic that people could start trialing. And that's why I think the concept of time-restricted eating can be quite useful because even if we don't know precisely everything about it right now or is 12 hours better than 10 or how much better is in nine hour window than 11 like all these little nuanced questions we can still get a general idea that when someone restricts their feeding window we get these certain types of effects. And we can debate about why they are happening and that's kind of interesting. But I think for right now that's why there's lots of useful things that are emerging from the area of time restricted eating but I think are worth people being aware of at least. Well with that being said you kind of get an open a can of worms because I want to know then what is the stuff that people are making claims to for for this time restricted feeding that doesn't actually pan out in the research or at least currently where we are in the research or as you mentioned in the article what are the over-hyped claims for time restricted feeding? So there's probably plenty out there if people went looking that are just obviously nonsense but we can kind of generally skip over that when people have certain types of wacky protocols. The more interesting stuff is things that may be true but we just like don't know yet and people talking with a degree of certainty and using certain types of buzzwords that make it sound like they're talking science when they're not really and I think this is very common for us to get sucked into. One example would be someone saying oh you need to have your fast for this many hours because this is the time point where we maximize autophagy. Right this is the time point. Yes. Where do we hear all the time and fasting? And true with extended fasts that is one of the things that increases this process called autophagy and for people unfamiliar is essentially you can think of it as cleaning out certain damaged parts of the cell and that's a very over-simplocation but for the moment we can think of it that way and so in general it can have some beneficial impacts however that's not all the time and there are other things that are actually have a much more pronounced impact on autophagy for example exercise is then probably the most potent that we know of and then we also can't directly measure it in research settings. So to say as soon you must wait exactly 60 hours so you maximize the autophagy and if you go any less then you're not benefiting from it. For example is something where someone is talking in an absolute manner that may not actually be reflective of what we're seeing. Similarly if someone says the optimal way to implement a fasting strategy is this exact many hours for your feeding when it fluendo and this exact many hours for your fasting window and that is better than all others also doesn't really make much sense because there's all these different permutations we can come up with and trying to compare those is very difficult. So it's more the statements that are very absolutist that I would say are the ones to be wary of where is if someone is giving some degree of context or a bit of nuance to it is probably more likely to be accurate. I like it and I was just having a conversation on Friday with a dietitian based at a New York city or named Sphericon and I ask Ferris why so many people into these into fat diets and really it's the same way when people ask us a question about fitness they want to ask us a question and nobody wants to hear the words it depends they want to hear this is exactly what you do and and I think there are sometimes well-meaning researchers that understand that I can't give you the spectrum because you can't follow a spectrum it's very difficult but if I give you something exact to do then maybe you'll stick to it so I understand why it's being put out there but it's also very important for us within our NASM community our fitness community to know that we need to have an understanding of the spectrum we don't need to pick the diet and say this is right we have to have education around the concepts of all of it and that's really valuable it's really valuable for you to point out so thank you for for taking us down that road. Yeah no I think you actually touched on something really important for practitioners and that's understanding the difference between communicating ideas at a broad public level versus what you may talk to one individual client privately about so for example if you do decide hey this client might respond really well to his time restricted eating protocol I noticed they don't really get bothered about having breakfast in the morning so we can just push their breakfast back a bit and restrict their feeding window I think it might be good even from a behavioral standpoint then you could give that person a clear rule of you're going to have an eight hour feeding window I think that will something we're going to try and that might be really good for you so there you're giving an exact timing but what you're not doing is going publicly and saying everyone needs to use time restricted eating and everyone needs to do it in this precise way the same way you can have a certain type of dieting strategy with one individual client but you would never say all of my clients need to eat this way so I think there's just a difference there between who work communicating to and like you said why the practitioner needs to understand the nuance even if they're not going to communicate that to each individual all the time. Yeah I'm going to have to ask you this question Danny and I know that you get asking this happens every time I've heard that breakfast is the most important meal of the day and so now you're giving me a window to eat or to not eat should I have an AM window of feeding or should I skip breakfast and for those listening to podcasts there quotation marks there should I skip breakfast and then move on into my my noon to eight window can you just talk us through the breakfast question yeah this is actually one of the most interesting questions within the time restricted eating research right now essentially is it better to have an early feeding window versus a late feeding window or doesn't matter if we are quite time is essentially what we're asking here and for when we look at some of the mechanisms based on how this may be beneficial from a circadian perspective it would lead you to think yeah maybe having earlier or more of your calories earlier in the day can be beneficial and there's various different mechanisms we can talk through if you wish but for example we know there's a circadian rhythm to instant sensitivity that starts highest in start of the day and decreases throughout the day we also know if you compare the exact same meal so same foods same calories same acronyms and you either meal in the morning versus say at 2 a.m. there's a very different metabolic response so your blood glucose response is different even though you'd eat in the same meal based on time of the day so you could then hypothesize well maybe it's better to have at least slightly more of our calories earlier in the day now when we've tried to or when the research groups have looked at this question there's only really being one maybe two studies that I'm aware of that have directly compared a time restricted eating strategy within eight an early versus a late window in that study there was no real difference in most of the markers they looked at the only one that reached a statistical significance was a slight difference in mean glucose so in other words someone's blood sugar across the day when you add the up for the whole 24 hours was slightly higher in the group that was the late feeding window which might suggest there's some glycemic impact but it was quite a small difference so overall it seemed at least from that study there wasn't a big difference however many of the groups within the chrono nutrition research space would hypothesize it's probably better to at least proportionally have a bit more of your calories earlier in the day for a number of reasons and there's some studies that looked at that so that's one part of it that there does seem to be good rationale that not at least not having a large proportion of your calories right at the end of the day that actually probably is a relatively decent recommendation particularly for people who are trying to control their blood sugar now the other question then comes to breakfast and this is where it becomes a again a bit more of a gray area what I think is probably fair to conclude right now is that even if you're going to go with the idea of more calories slightly earlier in a day there's probably no need for someone to think they must eat breakfast as soon as they wake up so what it may mean is that it might be a good idea to have some food intake in the early part of the day and you probably don't want to save up all your calories for the very end just before you go to bed however you probably don't need to rush to eat breakfast immediately and again that's still a I would say an area that's probably inconclusive because we have quite a lot of the epidemiology suggests that eating breakfast is a good idea or at least skipping breakfast is associated with certain outcomes but what we then is interesting to think about especially as we've just talked about time restricted eating is that maybe it's just duration of someone's eating window that is the problem so people that are having let's say that typically skip breakfast it might not be the skipping of the breakfast that's a problem it could be that they're therefore going to eat later in the day so they're having a larger meal just before bed so is it that that's a problem or is it actual skipping of breakfast because when we see timer restricted eating windows strategies or timer restricted eating strategy where you delay someone's breakfast but you also pull up their final meal of the day so not eating right at the end of the day and you have the shortened window you don't see those negative impacts and in fact that's one of the most common strategies that we've seen in some of the human trials and what I like about something like that is a very easy recommendation to give so for example there was a paper that came out of the University of Surrey in the UK a pilot trial where they had people use a timer restricted eating strategy the only recommended or the only recommendation the asked people to follow is can you take your normal breakfast time and just delay it by an hour and a half and then you're final meal of the day can you just bring that forward by an hour and a half and that was the only information they were given they were in counsel about what foods to eat they were told to change anything they were made any recommendation about foods to consume or any other targets except for that change in those times and with that you saw reduced overall clock intake and therefore you see weight loss and improvements in blood glucose now that was just one pilot trial but the reason I like bringing that up is it shows that there could this could be a useful strategy at a practical level for many practitioners that particularly for clients who are maybe new to the nutrition stuff that you don't want to bombard them with lots of information and be telling them about macronutrients or getting really deep in the weeds or they just don't like getting into too much of that straight away but by giving a simple recommendation we know it's going to have a knock on impact on their overall intake so now we're going to be able to control intake without even mentioning the word calorie to them potentially for some people so I think that's the the punchline I would say around breakfast is where I would currently conclude things is that it's probably not necessary to immediately go and get a big breakfast as soon as you wake up and however the other side of it is some of the intermittent fasting strategies that are common in the fitness space of I'm not going to eat until the afternoon but save lots of my calories for this big mess of meal right before bed might not be the best for some people particularly those that are looking at this from a glycemic standpoint yeah I would be one of those people so I'm I'm talking too diabetic and this is another reason why I mentioned in practice this is something that I've put together so is there indeed increased insulin sensitivity that tends to happen when you restrict feeding like this? Yeah so there's first in most of the time I'm restricted eating trials one of the most reliable findings in human trials has been their impact on glycemic markers so overall glucose for the day as well as insulin now one of the things that people would probably quite rightly point out is as we've seen in most uncontrolled situations we tend to see a lot of people end up reducing their overall intake and actually losing weight quite effectively from some of these strategies even without being counseled about calories and so on and we know that with weight loss that tends to improve some glycemic markers a lot of the time as well so the question is in cases where there is no weight loss to be also seeing improvements in glycemic markers one study that was looked at this kind of last year was a lead author on was a sudden I think came out of Courtney Peterson's lab they looked that again that early time restricted feeding practice so in that particular study I think they ate from maybe seven or eight a.m. until three p.m. was their final meal so quite an extreme version of it to see what would happen and they set up their intakes that no one would lose weight so no one lost weight throughout that study but you saw improvements in instant sensitivity you saw improvements in blood pressure and I believe some markers like oxidative stress so that was one of the papers that suggests even without weight loss there are potential benefits here and the reason why that was significant is because mechanistically that kind of makes sense or that's what we might expect to see because we've seen in other trials a lot of them are in rodents but there are so many humans as well that when you partition more of the calories to earlier in the day you bet get better overall blood glucose control for that reason I said earlier you have a circadian rhythm to your instant sensitivity naturally that's highest in the morning and decreases throughout the day you will get also get the same thing with beta cell function and for people unfamiliar the beta cells are what are secreting insulin and so if you have better beta cell function and better insulin sensitivity in the earlier part of the day and more of your calorie intake is partitioned there versus towards the end of the day that may mean that you have to have less say instance accretion across the day or you're able to bring blood glucose back down within range more easily for example so that would give at least some mechanistic basis to why there may be better improvements in some of those markers with not only a time restricted eating model but certainly trying to think about your proportion of your food intake and not having a large amount of it left for nighttime feeding let's say I like that well I'm gonna ask another question that anybody would ask when the the idea of delaying breakfast comes up which is what about my coffee so this is a probably the most common question a lot of people get yeah what are talking about fasting and it usually goes does having a coffee break my fast or there might say does having a protein someone break my fast or does X for them the bank break my fast and there's kind of two sizes first technically if there's going to be some degree of color value to something and there's going to be nutrients there for your body to metabolize then technically we could say yes that is breaking your fast per se but the other question that is is that what we really care about so what is someone's goal of having a fasting window if they're having a fasting window where they're using that as a time to not consume food let's say and they're doing it for calorie restriction purposes then it virtually doesn't matter if they have an americano of that's 10 calories even if technically their body has to metabolize some of that caffeine for example so it's a relevant in most cases that if people are doing it from that perspective in relation to the kind of time restricted eating circadian viewpoint the technical answer seems to depend on who you talk to and which researcher would would give their view on this I think what we do know happens when we consume caffeine or let's say have a black coffee in the morning is that that nutrient ingestion does actually get detected by things related to the circadian system so it's actually acts as a stimulus to circadian system which is actually typically we could think of as a good thing now how much of an impact that has it's hard to say bring it to a practical level I would say if someone is doing a time restricted eating protocol and they say I'm not going to eat my first meal and say 10 30 11 I am whatever they pick but they have a just a black coffee with nothing else at 8 am is that going to be problematic no I would still think their eating window is from the time they have that first meal so I don't think it's problematic to do so particularly when we have to think about this pragmatically and from a behavior standpoint that there's this benefit to having this restricted eating window but now if we tell people to do this you're not allowed to have coffee in the morning you're dramatically impacting the likelihood of adherence to this protocol which is actually one of the most beneficial things about this like it's a relatively simple protocol for people to understand it may not be easy initially but it's not that daunting to make some slight changes to our timing so trying to go against that by giving people these rules of leaving out coffee may not be the best strategy from a practical viewpoint okay good because it didn't matter what you said the answer was I'm still going to have my coffee my question was do I have coffee and start my time restricted feeding window at that time or can I have coffee and start it later on in the day so it's probably more what my question was and and ultimately if you said hey it's you have coffee the switch flips then I go all right that's where I start my window and and that's what I would do but I do drink my coffee black I do not put anything into my coffee so I'm hoping that that my fast continues until I'm actually ready to break that fast I want to also mention something similar into the vein something you were talking about which is compliance and adherence and with that you know if we talk about a window and we say okay the best window hypothetically would be early in the morning and or the best window would be late at night we do that with fitness a lot of times we'll say hey one of the best work out say you can do is this can't stick to and you can't then it doesn't matter that you've been armed with the best information if you can't apply any of the information and we do that societally very often where we go all if I can't do it perfectly then I will do nothing at all if I can't get in 150 minutes of cardio every week then I will do a total of zero minutes because if I can't do it right then I won't do it at all like here what we're looking at is the option for windows and with that option being put out there Danny a common thing that we see is this eight hour feeding window is that kind of the the more common that hour of feeding in the 16 hour of fasting but like many things in circadian science and what people have been researching the most important thing with your sleep many researchers will look at and agree to is not necessarily that you get less sleep but you go to sleep at the exact same time and you wake up at the same time so here it is it is the timing so would they prefer that you sleep a full eight hours yes but if you cannot ideally they want to say hey if you go to bed at 10 and you get up at six that is better or if you can't get the full eight hours then let your window be from 11 to 5 and if those are the only hours that you get to sleep those six hours then the most important thing you can do is stick with 11 to 5 and keep your body in rhythm do we know anything about this kind of intermittent diet that we see this time restricted feeding that if you do a morning feeding should that be your thing or an evening feeding and that is your thing or is it kind of like fitness also which is can you vary it and still get good results for out of it yeah this is a really really good question and I think your absolutely right in relation to sleep that consistency of sleep and wake timings is very important for miscercating perspective and it seems to be similar with the feeding as well in that it seems quite clear that what in the research would be for to as erratic eating so wildly different meal times and even meal frequencies from day to day can have worse and depending on the metric we're looking at a lot of times that could be a glycimic marker or the metabolic marker that there tends to be better if you have consistent timings so one phenomenon that we see quite commonly where people see a shift in their meal timings is between the weekday and the weekend and in research they've actually started to refer to this as social jet lag in that we know that jet lag comes about when people travel time zones and that leads to certain degree of symptoms because their body clock or their circadian clocks have shifted by a certain number of hours and so trying to readjust then leads to these certain symptoms of jet lag the same thing can happen if we can shift our sleep and wake timing which happens from during the week to the weekend people typically sleep in at the weekend they also go to bed later on a Friday and Saturday presuming we're talking about the person that's working it let's say a Monday to Friday 9 to 5 type job then that will be a typical change we see with those changes we also see the same with their food intake that their first meal of the day typically will shift maybe by a couple of hours and they'll also probably have their final meal or larger meals later in the evening so rather than having their typical dinner maybe at 5 pm or 6 pm they may wait and have a meal out with friends at 10 or 11 pm right which is not necessarily problematic because we want people to enjoy life but done consistently what that leads is this change in sleep and wait time this change in feeding times for these two days and that creates a shift in a circadian phase shift we call that when Monday rolls around then now someone is waking up with an alarm clock and having a meal earlier and so now you have this mismatch between what their body has just has been shifted to over the weekend so this is the idea of social jet lag and what this speaks to is that we have this interaction between the circadian component or the circadian clocks and our body but we also have these different pathways that we call nutrient sensing pathways so this collection of receptors and enzymes and hormones are all orchestrated to notice when certain nutrients come in probably the best example is one that would be quite familiar to you if we're talking about blood sugar control is that we know that insulin gets released when blood sugar goes up right so blood sugar or blood glucose increases then we release insulin insulin comes out attaches to an insulin receptor and gives a signal that essentially say we want to get some of this sugar or glucose from the blood into a cell therefore bringing blood glucose back down to normal that's a process I think people may have been aware of so in order for us to have the insulin release our body first needs to sense that this nutrient glucose is around in higher amounts than usual so we have these ability to sense when nutrients have came into the body or not now what happens is we essentially can because of these things have an anticipatory effect built up that our body is designed to be able to anticipate when we're likely to eat so this is driven by habitual meal times let's say and when we match that up with when we're best able to handle meals again talking about the circadian rhythms then that can essentially be beneficial when there's a mismatch between those is when we can have problems a most obvious example of a mismatch between our feeding intake and our normal circadian rhythms would be someone who does shift work and then they're first going on shift work now they're having to eat during the middle of the night they're eating at a time when their body is not anticipating that that they've anticipated the earlier now our body is pretty good at adapting in some manner at least so when we sense this new intake that's why we have this circadian shift that I talked about that happens on the weekend and leads to the social jet lag so there's this interaction of both that circadian perspective as well as our bodies able to anticipate when we usually consume meals and so we're going back to your original question this is why having consistent meal timings can potentially be beneficial because we have this anticipation of this is when we're going to be consuming meals we can have those metabolic processes ready to run at those times again from from an over simplified perspective so if we're having a dramatic change in that from day to day it may be problematic and there's a couple of studies that suggest this where they had one group consumed the same meals so like three main meals and I think two or three stacks per day but I think exact same time every day for two weeks and the other group had anywhere between three to nine meals per day but changed every day over the course of the 14 days so it could be three, seven and four and eight and so on every day and at the end of that you two weeks you see differences in I believe fasting glucose and fasting insulin I could be really really exact measures but some of the glycemic markers just because of differences and that was matched for overall calories in both those conditions so we see that tends to happen and we know that this erratic eating can be relatively common in the same way that we know that typically in the population a lot of people eat with quite a large or a long feeding window so with that whilst we still need to work some more stuff out that would lend me to be conclude that it's probably a good idea to have some regular meal times from day today not that you have to set your stopwatch to it exactly but approximately that your meals are coming at around the same time day today so I do have a question because you know everything depends on oftentimes what your goal is so why do people actually do time restrictive feeding and many instances we're looking at insulin sensitivity maybe for somebody with diabetes or we're looking with an easier window where we can restrict calories but what if we're looking at fit populations where maybe I want to build muscle I want to high-perchemy or I want to you know I'm playing sports right so I want to have the performance level that I need to have how does this intermittent fasting deal with that and I know that you know we talk about this idea of multiple meals throughout the day particularly for high-perchemy based athletes is there a correlation is there anything where you're like oh in that case eat throughout the day or is there still an opportunity for this time restricted feeding to fit into performance based lifestyle yeah really really important question and it's one of the things that I'm acutely aware of when this topic comes up of trying to be clear in what applications we're talking about it and so most of our discussion so far has been from a general health perspective as well as maybe body weight regulation or even a fat loss perspective that someone's goal these could be useful tools in all of those areas and although they don't necessarily need to be used I think should be very clear on that there's several caveats that I tend to try and point out within this area one is like you say we first always need to take in the priority goal of any client so if a client's goal like you say is I just want to build the most amount of muscle masses I possibly can then again looking from nutrition literature we know that we probably want to have around four ish plus high protein meals spread evenly across the day and that if that person was to fast until say one p.m. before the first meal we've essentially missed out on at least one high protein feeding that would allow them to maximize that anabolic response that muscle protein synthesis wants that would be useful to their goal now for a lot of people it may not be that important for a bodybuilder trying to maximize everybody muscle they can then we're going against their main goal right so there's definitely cases like that there's other cases where we know some clients are struggling to eat enough food already you may be working with a collegiate athlete who's a swimmer and needs to have thousands and thousands of calories every day because there's spending hours and hours in the pool and now by us trying to shrink their feeding window and they're already struggling to eat enough calories we're just going to make things even harder so again it's going against their goal and it's also just not thinking about what this strategy is likely to do is it making it harder or not the same thing applies to many type of athletes for example of what quite a lot of mixed martial arts athletes who would have multiple training sessions per day and so again if they're training in the morning and the evening time it would make no sense for me to say oh everyone needs to have an eight hour feeding window when really we want to be able to fuel them before and after both of those workouts across the as well as get them enough fuel and so there's definitely those the other one from a more general fitness perspective is that there are people's training and exercise habits can actually offset some of the downsides that we see with say late night eating so I already mentioned that having those larger meals in the evening may be problematic because we're less instant sensitive so you may get a higher blood glucose response however what we know is that after exercise and resistance training is particularly good at this is it causes the movement of a glucose transporter to come to the edge of a muscle cell so all that means is there's these transporters that allow that sugar in our bloodstream that blood glucose to move into the cell that we mentioned earlier now the contractions that happen say in resistance training and other types of high-endency exercise can allow these transporters to move to the edge of a muscle cell what that means is now we're actually in a really good position to get glucose or sugar to move from the bloodstream into that muscle cell after that training session even without insulin it's called an insulin independent process so now even if we are technically a bit less insulin sensitive in the evenings or are a bit more insurcer resistant it won't matter here if we've done some exercise particularly some lifting that now we can have a meal with lots of carbohydrate and we actually can effectively dispose of that glucose so again depending on that population it matters a lot there's also the question we could probably it's fair to say that someone who is very healthy metabolic Lee is probably going to be able to or it may not have the same benefit that someone who isn't would glean right so there's a lot of benefits someone could have to getting better glycemic control in certain cases for others they may already have pretty good glycemic control already so the magnitude of the benefit they would get may be relatively small so there are a few caveats there so again any application we're looking at someone struggling to eat enough food already where that's athletes with high calorie demands whether it's maybe a female client who is pregnant right now and is trying to get enough food in maybe it's someone who already struggles with their appetite to get enough food into fuel what they're ever at their activity maybe it's someone with an athletic goal maybe it's someone this a bodybuilding goal or maybe for other people just their preference it doesn't work for right that they have their life and their work schedule self in certain away that by trying to fit into a certain feeding window it causes them not to be able to stick to the fundamentals around nutrition that we will try to have them doing so eating a generally good quality diet making sure overall intake of calories is suitable for whatever their goal is making sure they're eating us efficient amount of protein and so on if they're not able to do those things because it's they're finding it so difficult to stick to this feeding window it's probably not a strategy for that individual climb so there's always context and caveats and what the practitioner should be doing is being able to say this is a useful tool that may be able to use in some areas here's where I could use it or at least try let with someone but it's not going to be the answer all of the time or even maybe most of the time and then to an earlier point you made which is really good that to round this off was there's a range every see most of the human trials tend to be eight to 12 hours of that feeding window and there's nothing to say that you have to start with any one of those numbers and so someone could trial let's say a 12 hour feeding window for a new client if they really like that saw of thing then you can play around with changing it even lower if someone says look this is I don't like this at all then you know it's not going to get better by me trying to get them to eat within eight hours so always use your best judgment as a practitioner think pragmatically of what is going to allow this person to eat a line to those fundamentals that we always try and hit Danny what I think is so important that you've pointed out is the fact that you come across as more believable because you're not setting this up as a panacea it's not the answer for every single thing and you should just do this and we see that and so many things it doesn't matter like whether it's I'm a roar and it doesn't matter what your pathology is rowing will help you or or pilates will help you or this type of feeding will help you and it is so very much indeed different strokes for different folks in terms of as you mentioned adherence and compliance but also it is not perfect for everyone for every outcome and the fact that you point that out makes it so much more believable and to stay on theme easy to digest when you talk about what the benefits of it truly and to actually are so thank you for that and I just want to ask do you have time because we're going long because I love listening to you talk do you have time at all to maybe accept some questions from any of our live audience absolutely happy to take any questions people have so as long as they want to ask any questions let's do a well destiny and the chat wants to Greg I can't hear you I know you're asking questions I see there you go you know if you unmute your mic it helps I don't know if people can be able to hear you so destiny in the chat wants to know what book do you recommend to learn more about intermittent fasting and time restricted feeding if people are looking for a good like lay audience book that gets into some of the science but is also quite readable then one of the main researchers in this area satchin panda wrote a book called the circadian code which would give a good overview of things related to circadian rhythms but also how this ties into time restricted eating he's based at the salt institute and he's done a lot of the studies in this area and that would be a good entryway level into get a good overview of the area people looking for a lay book yeah and then Joanna wants to know what do you do with alternating shifts that require a person to change their eating schedule almost daily so one of the most challenging things is going to be any form of shift work and probably the most challenging is where the shift changes day to day there's no real easy answer apart from some things that can say that we've done what people on on shift work is that if someone is doing a night shift let's say someone is a nurse in a hospital and their shift starts at 8 p.m. and goes into 8 a.m. based on again theoretically what might be best from a circadian perspective it seems that the probably the worst time to have a large meal particularly that's high in carbohydrate and fat would be right in the middle of the night so like between let's say 2 a.m. and 5 a.m. let's say or 1 p.m. and 5 a.m. so trying to avoid large meals at that time may be beneficial so what they could do is trying to keep those main meals outside of that so either towards the start of the shift or even before they go into work or even then the time afterwards or if they're going to eat throughout their shift it may be beneficial to focus on high protein snacks that are relatively low in fat and carbohydrate for the reason that those detrimental impacts on metabolism of carbohydrate in fact we see doesn't seem to be the case with protein at least that we're seeing from some of the sports nutrition research that you get almost complete digestion of protein without any real problems during the night so it could be further meals during that that night time keeping those to high protein keeping their other intake either side of that but if the shift is changing massively day today it's going to be difficult to really line those up consistently which I think is what the question is more related to so all it's going to be as a matter of on that spectrum how close can you relatively keep them so how can we again on that night shift maybe squeeze more of them to before they go into work or the start of the shift for those first couple hours so it's kind of mimicking where they would still be normally awake on a day shift and then ideally maybe not consuming food for a number of hours during that night and then keeping it more until what a normal day is our morning on a day shift is and that's probably as much as you can do it's an area we do need more research but there is a couple of groups trying to do research in this area more and more but for now there are a few things that popped to mind and that's that's good because this entire conversation Danny all are been thinking about is my brother and law Tim and he is a he works at Trader Joe's and he'll go in early in the morning you know four or five a.m. a couple days a week and then who have a midday and then he'll close and I'm trying to balance out on his behalf what does this diet look like because I certainly know his sleep is thrown off if you can if you can stay online with one and you're still thrown off on the other does just creating at least a little bit of consistency with the diet help with everything else you think yeah I mean at this point it can only really be guess work but I think yeah if you can keep consistency both just from the routine of it and I think it probably may just keep on track with normal good food choices because you have this set structure and then yeah where possible even when on those later shifts avoiding eating like large meals particularly right in that that middle of the night time zone is probably a good idea but like I say some more answers we definitely need and strategies for that. I agree and one of those strategies would be I would like for work to provide more consistency schedules we do see that being an issue not not just in you know in food services which he works at Trader Joe's we you mentioned the medical industry and there's some crazy hours in the medical industry fire fighters so those challenges are out there and I'd like to see that being worked on just and just contextually anyway Greg where are we do we have a few more quick questions we can get out and still try to close this up within an hour and let Danny get on with this day. We're actually clear on question but a lot of people wanting to just thank both of you in the chat for for very entertaining and informative chat her talk so thank you. So thank you very much. I just want to point out some irony one of one of the irony isn't it all is you mentioned is probably one of the first things you talked about which is autophagy and one of the strangest things about autophagy or autophagy is that that just means eating and one of the seams to be an excellent way to get yourselves to eat things that are not good for you is by not feeding your body. I don't know there's something ironic about not eating in order to to eat the bad guys that are in there and wanted to point that out and say express my gratitude Danny for for you being on here and shut out to Brian Sutton for connecting us and I've always held Brian in such high regard I think the world of him he doesn't excellent job with NASM and the compiling research and connecting us with quality people so Danny thank you for being on it can you please just shout out social media handles websites things like that that people can find you and let them know where they can reach it connect with you follow you all that stuff. Absolutely first I'll say right back to you thank you so much Rick for the conversation and for Greg for everything you've been doing there and also to reiterate your words about Brian who's fantastic guy and nothing but but love for him and yeah Danny interaction I've had with NASM to this point as it's been overwhelmingly positive so this is only added to that further so thank you for the conversation um for people looking to find me they can go to the website sigmanutrition.com so it's SIGMA nutrition.com if they're into podcasts and the podcast is SIGMA nutrition radio on any podcast app or Spotify it's easy to find and then social media probably the best place to find me is Instagram Danny let an underscore sigma I'm also over on Twitter if people put in my name or the handle is nutrition Danny and any of those places I'm happy to take questions and yeah if either good or bad feedback I'm happy to take so hopefully it's all going to be good and the final thing I should mention is if people really want to nerd out on some of the details and the science in this area there is an article I wrote going in depth on this that's on the stronger by science website so i think it's a stronger by science.com slash chrono nutrition if people want to get deep into the weeds but apart from that any of those places hopefully yeah happy taking any questions. You're an awesome Danny thank you so much and everyone thank you for being on as always express who I want to express great gratitude and you taking time out of your day and yourself directed learning you deciding what you wanted to learn finding ways to solve problems and to educate yourself and to help out your clients by tuning in so I appreciate that and I look forward to continue to support you. If you have questions or you have a concept that you want me to address either on the Facebook Live or directly about a podcast then please reach out you can get me at Rick.richyr icagy at nasm.org or dma on instagram at dr.richy and I'm happy to follow up with you there and then deliver any other content that that you may have that you're interested in and with that said thanks for listening this is the nasm cpt podcast

=== FILE: Exercise Vs. Training [PX-1kErADs8].txt ===

Hello everybody, I'm Morty Miller, Director of Education Training for Technology of North America, and I've been a regional master instructor for the National Academy of Sports Medicine for the last 15 years. And today I'm so excited to bring these two amazing companies together in this webinar and discuss the concept of exercise versus trainings. As we go through, feel free to send questions into the chat box and we'll be sure to either answer me at the end or again, I can always reach out to you and answer your questions individually. So just a little bit about me, I've been with TechnoJum in this role now since the beginning of 2018. I have, you know, 20 years plus experience in sports medicine, performance enhancement, injury prevention, as well as working in the educational curriculum development field. I have an undergrad sports medicine from Kinesh's College, I'm a licensed athletic trainer, and I earn my master as an exercise science and injury prevention from California University of Pennsylvania, and then I receive my doctor and health sciences from A.T. still University in Mesa, Arizona. So I'm really looking forward to, you know, use my years of experience in the industry as in the fitness industry as well now working for TechnoJum to go over this really fun concept of exercise versus training. So as we move into the webinar here, you're going to see some major concepts. So having my background in sports medicine working with the athletes twice, you know, it's, I've got the privilege to work with some of the greatest minds in sports science. And what I've always learned is a lot of the things that we see in the fitness industry because I've spent a lot of my time in the fitness industry is the trends, the fads, the research, most of it, or a lot of it will stem from what happens with the lead athletes. And that is the amazing thing about being with TechnoJum is being a worldwide leader in sports training and innovation. You'll see some other slides here in a little bit about our partnerships. We really get in touch with the world's greatest coaches. And we see what's going on in sports medicine and performances in the hands meant and can bring that into the fitness industry. So these scientific advancements lead to a large body research that, again, will show us best practices in how to create specific training outcomes in key physiological capacities. And the ones we're going to cover today are power, agility, speed, and stamina. We know athletes utilize training programs to ensure that they achieve very specific results. And what I see in the fitness industry is all too often, people just engage in an exercise program and we'll spell out the definition here in a little bit. And they're less focused on the science and they're just focused on burning calories or just creating very fun and engaging workouts. And there's nothing wrong with that. But we want to make sure that people get the best outcomes we want to make sure that the science is there. So those are the key points that we're going to talk about in today's webinar. Now, for all of you that are on the webinar from NASM, you guys know the model. We'll review that briefly as we go through. And we're just going to again define the definitions of exercise, verse, train. And so some practical applications. So as we move forward, we're going to go into the next slide. So let's just talk about the definitions. Now, if you look these up, there are four of the needs that you'll see in the literature or out there on exercise and training. So these were two that I grabbed. And I'm just going to say right off about these are the ones that I like to use. There's more and you might find a different definition that you like to use. But for the sake of the webinars, we move forward so there's some common ground. Exercise or an exercise program will be an activity requiring physical effort carried out to sustain or improve health and fitness. Where if you see the definition of training, training is teaching or developing oneself or others any skills in knowledge or fitness that relates to specific useful competency. So I'm going to pause here and that's why I highlighted it. You see that it's a more specific definition and that even in the definition, the word specific is there. Specific useful competencies. Training has specific goals of improving your on's capability, capacity, productivity and performance. So why we pause here for a minute? Think about what goes on and not saying how you work with your clients. I'm thinking about the fitness industry as a whole. I was in the gym this morning, working out and I had my various specific training program. I knew exactly what I was working on. What capacities I was working on, how I wanted to work on my human movement and what physiological capacities and what phases of training I was in. And as I watched around the rest of the gym, I saw people putting in effort, burning calories, but I saw bad movement patterns. I saw, well, that might be a stabilization exercise. They might be working on stamina, but now they just went over to power. And I'm not there to criticize anybody because clearly we are the exercise professionals and without our help, how would people know how to maneuver through a program on their own. Just like I hire professionals all the time. I go to doctors, I have lawyers, I have other people, accounts that help me. It varies specifically because I don't have the expertise they do. However, in our industry, what I have found is anyone can participate in our industry. And sometimes they'll stumble into good results. Maybe they have great genetics. Maybe they just work hard enough and they burn enough calories and maybe they've got the DNA to put on muscle mass. So all of a sudden now, maybe they are knowledge in their mind is a little more than what we as professionals would say. Not knocking it by any means. I want people out in the gym. I want people working hard. My main goal, though, is an athletic trainer going back to my original background is first, do no harm. As a medical professional, we want people never to get hurt as we work with them. That's the first goal. So as I see people on the fitness industry going through exercise programs all too often, I see them putting in more effort, maybe than they need to to get those results. We're accepting maybe soreness in injury as a part of what it's like to work out. So we want to go through some of those thought processes in challenge you and anyone else say am I on an exercise program or am I a very specific training program as you'll see here for specific competencies and specific goals of improving one's capability, capacity, productivity and performance. Yeah, does it mean an exercise program? Well that's more fun than a training program. We're only going to go through the science on what would you know, response? However, how you make it engaging with the atmosphere, you can still make it very, very fun and enjoyable. So don't think that as you're training people, you have to take away some of the entertainment factor that people might use our services for to get through their workouts as well. So as we slide forward here, we'll continue on talking about these concepts. So one of the concepts that I want to talk about is where did all this come from? So any SMU guys all know everything's evidence based. It's all been researched. Now from the TechNudgeon standpoint, we're based out at Chasane Italy. We were founded in 1983 by Mr. Neary Allis Andriy. He still has the same passion he did back then to move this company forward as a thought leader worldwide. We are so privileged that for myself, I get to work for a company that has been chosen to be the sole provider equipment for soon to be the last angelant games. We're ready to go to Tokyo this year, but obviously with this unique timeframe, everything's been delayed to 2021. And now, I'll pause. Think about the training that now has to shift in those elite athletes. They have to now look at a whole mother 12 month cycle on how they're going to prep themselves to be ready for those Olympic trials if they still have to qualify or the Olympics themselves. They're not exercising. They're training. So the reason why I like to highlight this from a TechNudgeon standpoint is one, TechNudgeon was chosen because of what we are as a company, the research and engineering that goes behind it. But the beauty behind this is TechNudgeon utilized the last seven Olympic games is the best case study in human performance. You have male athletes, female athletes, power athletes, endurance athletes. And you have some of the greatest or most of the greatest coaches worldwide all in one area for short period of time. So TechNudgeon has leveraged this knowledge and partnership to create amazing equipment, but also amazing training solutions. So just as we go through this, you can think about how an athlete would train to prep. And this is a very unique time right now. If you follow sports, you probably heard about the NBA. They're trying to figure out, well, when would we start? How do we let our athletes prepare? Same thing with the NHL. How would we now allow them to get prepared to compete again? So time for the right training adaptations to peak at the right period of time. So we'll slide forward here into the next slide. And one thing that I always like to talk about with everybody I've ever trained is everybody is an athlete. Real brief lab worked with professional sports twice and it was both times in professional baseball. And then I worked in different levels, different parts of fitness mainly primarily in the private country club market. So I had a lot of, let's call them senior athletes that would play golf, tennis and things like that. And one time I would ask the question, one of my coaching club's, just after I had left professional sports again. My good friend, Jay. He asked me, he goes, how do you train us differently? Now that you're not training a lead athletes? And it took me a half second. I said, I don't train you any differently. And at first he gave me, I looked like, okay, you don't need to be polite. I know my member. But seriously, how do you train us differently? And I said, I don't train you differently. I said, Jay, you're an athlete. You've got the same muscles, same bones. Move the same planes of motion. And you have the same human capacities. Power, agility, speed, stamina. Your capacity. Let's look at that. They're there. For ability to maximize those capacities, like an elite athlete. Yes, it's different. I know I'm not going to be as powerful or as fast as some of the people I've ever had the provisive to train. But that doesn't mean I wouldn't train myself in a program that would elicit my best responses within those capacities. So we're always encouraging people to free the athlete within. And when you look at the NESM OPPT model, that's exactly where was designed by Dr. Mike Clark for elite sports performance in injury prevention and performance enhancement. And it was a progressive model that made people move better, put them through the right amount of stabilization. So they had that foundation to move under load better in the strength phases and then move better at high speed in the power phase. That's why, again, I love our partnership together with NESM and TechnoGym because we're thinking the exact same way. It's how do we apply the world's greatest science to what we do as a company? So when it's challenged, you all to get your members' clients to free the athlete within. So now we're going to move into the. So again, when we look at from my my merely a cardiovascular standpoint or sports performance standpoint, we have the pillars. We have speed, power, agility, and stamina. And every elite athlete in their coaches will focus on these four pillars. Now the foundation you see there is fundamental proper human movement, flexibility, strength, stability, right? That's the that's the in NESM terms. That's the stabilization and or combination of corrective exercise. Then we can port in the performance metrics of these other pillars. Now what I like to say is in my house, I am not the cook. My wife is a far greater cook than I am. And one night you during this pandemic, we were I was home and I said, hey, I got done with work earlier. Can I help you out with cooking? And she goes, yeah, and I said, can you provide me the recipe? You know, I didn't say quite that way, but I was like, can you tell me what you want me to do? And she goes, do this, this and this and I said, let me make sure I got this. You want me to do this, this amount of this, this amount of that, this temperature for this. Yeah, I followed those exact instructions to the tea because I'm not trained. I followed the instructions she gave me. I didn't go off those instructions. And guess what I got, she was very impressed with the way the dinner came out. And the reason I bring that up is in fitness and sports performance, there is the recipe to develop speed. We know the science. There's the recipe to develop power, agility and stamina. And if you follow those recipes, just like if you go through the different phases of training, that's your recipe. You follow it. You're going to get great outcomes. But if you don't follow, you start throwing a bunch of things in, like if I changed her recipe in the kitchen, it wouldn't have been what she asked me to do. And it could have maybe been better. But probably I wouldn't have gotten this good and desired of an outcome because I'm not trained to make those adjustments. So when you look at these pillars, whether you work with the world's greatest coaches, like we have any Olympics, when you follow your OPT evidence-based model, your recipe to achieve those adaptations are there. That's a training program. Exercise is when you see a bunch of things thrown together. And yes, it's human movement. Yes, you can accidentally improve some of these capacities. And then yes, you can burn calories and get leaner and things like that. But what if you follow the recipe more specifically? Yeah, you can't argue the game you got. But we could argue you might have gotten better games. Quicker, safer, more effectively. So we're not again, not asking you to have fun in your workouts, not get creative, and not make it enjoyable and challenging appropriately. Just understand the science of the science and your recipes are there for these four pillars. And everybody you work with, regardless of age, can improve these capacities within their abilities. So we'll go to the next slide here and we'll continue that. So I love this slide because you'll see here training outcomes. It says before training program, but you could also put exercise program there. And then you see to the right after a training program. So I put the four pillars in there that we're going to talk about, speed agility, stamina, and power. And again, from an NASM standpoint, you could put in stabilization, strength, strength, endurance, max, strength, power. Right? There's a lot of things that could make up this diagram. So there could be people that are very, very fit, but maybe they know one form of exercise or they have something they prefer. It's not well rounded. We want everyone to be well rounded, even the world's greatest athletes that are sprinters. They train in other pillars as well. Yes, they may have a primary focus, trust me. They're not just doing one phase of training 52 weeks a year. So before training program, some of them might be shifted and they might be really really good at that or they may be shifted towards that and they're still deconditioned. Again, that is up individual by individual. But after a training program, we want to see a more well rounded program and you can see that in the diagram in the right. Want to know the left. Now, this is just a quick visualization. So we've got 1.2 there is the high for speed. Maybe this is me. Maybe I've worked as hard as I can at my current abilities in that capacity and that's me towards my best. Now you take a sprinter like Michael Johnson at his heyday. We've got a great relationship with Michael Johnson. No way, whatever ever come near his max capacity, right? Or inability. His would be off the chart. So we're not trying to compare me versus a world class sprinter. We're trying to compare me towards what is my best outcome and can I get towards maximizing that. So that's why I like this diagram. I mean, all of you that are any of some certified and other fitness professionals, you understand that's why we do the assessments to get that baseline. So we understand someone starting point and how we progress. And if we're assessing now, it gives us the answers to what we need to put in to get them towards their peak. So again, we'll move forward here. Now one of the things I like to do and again, this is just assessment. So for technology and we have our skill line, there's four pieces, the skill run I put in here for this demonstration. We have our skill mill, which is our curve non-motorized. The skill bike has all these have multi-drive, which creates a magnetic resistance. Can emulate 15 degree incline to 3 degree decline. And then our skill row, again, traditional rower, then has the multi-drive. So I can take it right from cardio to power. So that's how the skill line was born. Is Ken, technology and challenge themselves. Can they create a cardio of AsteroLine that seamlessly transitions right from traditional cardio or stamina and immediately to power. So all the four skill pieces have multi-drive technology that allow that seamless transition. But also you can test your agility, your speed. So what I've come up with on the pieces is assessments. Now there are some embedded in each piece. But assessments where each pillar can be challenged and tested. So I can motivate people. I can have a challenge at month okay guys. I want everyone's top speed on the skill bike or a bike. Because that's something everyone can achieve right? You don't have to be as fit to do top end speed on a bike. It's your top end speed under control. And then you track it over a month and you're working that whole month on speed development. Or speak on the row, our skill row. Could be how many strokes per minute for 100 meters. Lot of cool ways to gamify it to create assessments, to create challenges, to motivate people. Feel free to have a leader board. Because again, if I'm assessing these things and creating the right training programs, everyone's going to improve over that period of time. So that's just the kind of what we're looking at with our skill line combined. So as we move forward, we'll continue on. So this here now is an exercise training outcome. So this is my data just to give us that's why I can share it. So we have a three minute power test on our skill bike. Very challenging. My cardio is good, but I knew it was his cycling. So there was a specific muscle adaptation that I had to get used to in a training outcome where I was doing more boxing, kickboxing and running and rowing for my cardio. So this was something that I really wanted to get better at. So you can see from March through the May, you can see there was an over 10% increase in the VO2 max, estimated VO2 max. On this power test, my power went from 557 to 628. So a nice increase there. So again, you can look at different things here. The power to weight ratio improved. Fatigue index went up because I hit a higher total peak power. So again, there's a lot of data there. But the key thing here is that it's just getting on my skill bike and pedaling. I'm testing myself monthly and it's actually today's the day guys, which would be good luck. I got to do this test again today or tomorrow to see how my last month the training went. And I should have done it before the webinar to give you one more row of data. But see, this is again taking exercise versus training and looking at the difference. So we'll slide forward here in the next slide. So another amazing test that I love is the Tech New Gym Max power test. So this is our skill run. Motorized non-motorized child melt. So pushing a sled is phenomenal. You may use it in your gym now and a traditional sled or you may have access to the skill run or even the skill mill with has the handles with the magnetic resistance. The key thing here is when you look at a sled push, it's a very, very safe power assessment for everybody. Not everyone can do plyometrics. Not everyone can do some of these other more advanced power techniques. But when you're looking at a sled push, your feet are always in contact with the ground. So a lot safer to do sled pushing. And then again, let's not do it just to burn calories. Let's do it for specific outcomes. So you're going to see here in the next slide that we have a very specific form that is utilized on our skill run to determine someone's max power. So this is embedded into the skill run. There's a proper warmup and there's a three minute walking recovery in between sled pushes. Males get 50, 70, the 90% of their body weight, females get 40, 60, the 80% of their body weight for 15 meters or 17 yards. At one of those three sled pushes, you will get your peak wattage. All right? Because it's going to be how fast versus the resistance. So I can't tell you it's always going to be in the third push. It depends on each person's individual abilities. But the beautiful thing here is it's reproducible. I can do something with the results. And the results will give me peak wattage. So you can have, again, a contest in your facility who's got the peak wattage. But let's say I'm 170 pounds and I'm competing against a guy 240. Clearly, he's going to have a huge advantage at the same thing with Males versus female. But what you'll find is you can develop peak wattage per pound of body weight. So now you can level the playing field. And again, I can use this before someone signs up for a six week program with me as a fitness professional. I can do this as an assessment. And then do it again at the end of the six weeks to say, look at you made a 38% gain in your power. Or a lot of different ways to do it. But again, this is taking it into a training outcome. Let's just push the sled and push it from there to there and get your heart rate up. So we're going to take a little more training specific. So we'll move into the next slide here. Another beautiful thing about what Technogim has developed. And again, you guys all know this if you're in a some certified about what's going on right versus left. We know about that from the asymmetrical shifts and watching people move. Well, this takes it now and allows you to use that same information. But look at when people are running. We have biofeedback in our skill run. So the beautiful thing about this is we always want outdoor running enthusiasts to continue to run outdoors. But the skill run is the only indoor treadmill that outdoor running enthusiasts must come in and train on because now I can measure you under fatigue. I can measure you in different environments and see how efficient of a runner you are. High level runners, if there's any of you on the on the webinar, you all know this that I can run at eight miles an hour and have different cadences or strides per minute. And if I have a very or a lower strides per minute, that means I'm overstriding. And now I'm landing with my lead leg out in front of me, which means I'm actually deselerating every time I hit the ground and all that resistance or the force comes back through my kinetic chain. So this outside of all of you from any of some know the anterior tip and the posterior tip and the glutes and why they need to be firing at the right time. But even if they're looking good on a movement assessment, but have bad running efficiency, there's only so much that the anterior tip and posterior tip and glute media is can do. When you're increasing all that force through the kinetic chain, so we blend these two together, get them to move well, get them to a run well. Now you've got something there to improve their performance. So this will measure your strides per minute. This will measure your ground contact time, flight time, the propulsion time, but it'll also give you right versus left leg ground contact time and stride length. And I really like to do this with the lead runners under fatigue because they might be able to do the first five minutes, 10 minutes, whatever, fine. But then all of a sudden they start to break down or at a slight incline or a slight decline because now they have to decelerate themselves. So again, just grabbing that data, using it to create a training program to improve their performance. So we'll move here to the next slide. Now with that again, assessments are great, but if you don't know what to do with them, then sometimes you won't get the best outcome. So embedded into it is a cadence training program in the skill run. So now you can get people on and get them to become a more efficient runner. So there's basically a running coach embedded in the skill run for you. It's going to evaluate your running for a few minutes and then give you suggestions on what stride pay, you should be running at versus the speed. So now you can really improve in your running efficiency. We'll move already again. I love this slide here. This shows a workout, the same individual in one week. He did four different workouts. He's conditioned, but you'll see he did a stamina workout, the agility workout, the speed workout, and a power workout. And you'll see the heart rate variation. So once again, even though people may love to do stamina or love to do power, we're not going to get into the physiological differences of what goes on in the body for the heart and the cardiovascular system during these different type of workouts, but you can see the heart rate response differently. So again, it's important to be able to just like you do in the OPPT model, ongulate their program, go from stabilization to strength and there's a couple of different levels of course in power. Same thing with our cardio. There's time to do stamina. There's time to do agility. There's time to do speed. There's time to do power. What's appropriate for that individual is well as what their training goals are. So again, just a nice visualization here so you can see the different heart rate responses. So we're going to slide forward here. This is just an example of now going from cardio, a vascular, into resistance training. Once again, when you look at the NES and model, you know that there's different times under tension, there's different tempos. So when you look at what technology does, we have a very unique piece of equipment, or in the circuit called biosurke, that will provide different resistance profiles depending on the person's goals. And it's all done from a very unique advanced motor. We actually partnered in patent to have a working relationship with NASA. So they get to use this amazing piece of equipment outer space. We get to use it here on planet Earth. But the motor provides the resistance, but it provides it specifically on the individual training goal set forth by that person's fitness professional. So we have a different program that will reduce the e-centric, right? Someone newer to resistance training. We don't want that delayed onset of muscle sornus. We have the second one that you'll see the with the green work or comes up gradually. So the second one on the left is it's a gradual increase in resistance. So it takes away the initial inertia. Someone who may have a little stress in their joints. Anytime you start from a dead stop, there's more stress in the joints. So it allows you to gradually build in. And then there's a spotter. So all of a sudden at 50% if you're fatigue drops the weight. So again, work on very specific training outcomes. Then if we want to burn more calories with resistance training, we know we need to get more repetitions in that time that we're going to allow someone to work out. So it's a one-to-one concentric to e-centric and they pick up the tempo a little bit. Then the top on the right side of the screen here, you'll see where they add e-centric load. Because there's a time where we want to do more negative work. Again, it has the spotter there in case they get fatigued. And the last one you see on the right is a viscous response, explosive. Each repetition might be different because it depends how much energy I put in. So once again, there's different training outcomes based on the person's abilities and what phase of training they're in. They're not just exercising by picking up weights and not focusing on their tempo and what part of the muscle contraction spectrum is the most important and appropriate. So again, this is why these two companies match the DNA and the science so well. So I just thought this was kind of an interesting slide to discuss. So we'll move forward again. Now as an athletic trainer, I'm going to come back this. I mentioned at the very beginning, I got into this career because I wanted to hang out with athletes and work with athletes because my ability was a dominant college. That's the the maximum I could play. And I figured, okay, great career athletic trainer. Now I want to bring this up. So we look at the far left. We cannot prevent collision injuries. Now I'm not saying that that's what this is. It's just an image I use. I don't know what you know, he could have pulled a hamstring, could have pulled a groin, could have done anything. But let's just assume the individual on the left there was a collision. That could happen. You know, we can't prevent that. Then if we slide over to the image on the right, let's assume that this person, she's playing lacrosse and she's running and she's like, you know what? My knees have been bothering me. I just need to shut it down. Maybe a longer term over U-s injury. And then we have the individual here in the center who momentarily, his facial expression will change. I'm sure as we see that quick change of direction type of desoloration injury. So the reason I bring this up is we do not play sports because they're good for us. I don't care. I've had this conversation with many people. My live workshops. I'm like, name you sport this good for us orthopedically. And they'll say swimming. I said, I've dealt with collegiate swimmers. They're low back. They're neck. They're shoulders. Trust me. They're knee, during different kicks because it's repetitive. All of you here through the NSM that came through that curriculum, you understand proper biomechanics. You understand how the body can accept load the best. That doesn't mean that that's what happens in sports. So that's why I thought a trainer's physical therapist have these jobs because our job is to hopefully and corrective exercise specialists in all of you get people moving well so they can handle demands of sports. But at some point they could overload themselves and that's what we come in for. But as we've seen in the fitness industry now sport has become a part of fitness. So we just need to decide what's our goal? Is our goal fitness where we want people that just want to get in shape safely and they're not trying to be competitive or does somebody want to compete in a sport or the sport of fitness and what's our roles and responsibility from a training standpoint. So we'll continue on with this concept. We'll move forward here. So sport is an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another for entertainment. Nothing wrong with sport. That's that was my first career. I love it. I still as much as I can do mixed martial arts. I don't do it because it's good from your orthopedically. I do it because it's time for me to clear my mind. I enjoy the skill of it. I enjoy being around the people that haven't passion for it. Never going to stop doing it. So if you were training me and said, Marty, it's not safe for you to do it. I would go higher another trainer. Your job is to get me moving as well as possible so I can handle the demands of my sport. So same thing here whether it's any of these sports now that compete in the sport of fitness our job is to get them on training programs to give them the best chance to succeed in their sport. Whether it's running long distances, whether it's sprinters, whether it's people doing the new things that you see in the fitness industry. But again, be understanding that people will do things in sport that may not be safe. So we got to navigate sport versus fitness and what's our roles and responsibilities. And one of the things that always got me early on and again, I don't blame novice people that aren't, you know, don't study what we study. They would come to say, I'm going to train with you, but I'm going to run for a while and get in shape before I want to train. And I'd say, well, you're going to run. And I said, you just admitted you're not in great shape. They're going to run to get in shape. Remember guys, we and guys, we never play a sport to get in shape. We get in shape to play a sport. I'm sure all of you know that, right? So I would get, I would talk to the people that want to run. Okay, you know, let's get you at least, let me show you at least a corrective exercise program in some stabilization work and some walking to running progressions before you just go run. Because the last thing we want is people to have these overuse injuries by doing a sport to get in shape. And that's why I lead athletes to have a team of people like myself and others around them all the time to get them in shape. So let's carry that into the fitness industry as well. So we'll continue moving on here with this concept. So going back to athletic trainers, this is where sports and medicine me. That's why it's sports medicine and some interesting statistics. In other words, half of the running population gets injured in some way every year. And this estimate may be very much on the low side. I think we all probably have some experience with that. And the literature varies from 2.5 to 12.1 injuries per thousand hours of running. Most running injuries are lower extremity injuries with the predominance for the knee. And then obviously foot and ankle and low back and hip is are in there as well. So once again, we could get in there with our runners that maybe don't come into the gym. Maybe they think running is enough. But think about how much work we could do with them from stabilization, corrective exercise and getting their core and glutes the fire and going back to a relationship we had with Michael Johnson interesting is statistic they brought up. There's more core activation during sprinting than during planks. It makes total sense. If I'm rotating my arms and legs at top speed, where is everything connected is to the core. So again, we have to get in shape through training programs to start participating in our sports. So move forward here. So again, looking at movements versus muscles, I never train a muscle. I might turn a muscle. I might tell somebody, okay, we're going to do a core exercise or a back exercise or a leg exercise because I'm speaking to somebody that may not have the understanding if I can went more technical. But all of us here train movement patterns. And if you look at movement patterns, you're going to see some similarities. So one of the major movement patterns we should all be training is triple flexion, triple extension. So you can see that that matters for sprinting. You can see that matters for dead lifting, squatting, all these other things. And what I always found interesting when we're training these, just like anything else, there should always be what's my next most logical progression. And what I see in exercise programs, sometimes I see a lunge, sometimes I see a squat, sometimes I see a jump, sometimes I see a single leg and I'm like, whoa, wait a minute, there is a way to stack these in order. So from a triple flexion, a triple extension standpoint, forget load right now, okay, it doesn't matter what phase of training you're in. You need to learn how to squat properly first. Why does base to support teaching people the proper mechanics from triple flexion to triple extension? Then you would do a step up because you can do a very small step up, right, two inches, four inches, six inches. Learning to transition that triple flexion to triple extension towards one leg, then we'd get into lunges, then we'd get into the single leg squats. That can all be done in stabilization, then sure, if you want to load them in the progressive strength, go back to a squat, go back to a step up, then go to the lunges, and go to a single squat, then if you go to power, you're going to start the exact same way again. We're training movement patterns. So by the time they get to sprinting, and dead, they're thinking all that, that pattern is so ingrained in their head, they know how to do it, and then they can do it under load and they can do it explosively. That's creating a training progression instead of, all right, today we're going to do lunges. Not saying that you're not going to learn calories, not saying you're not going to activate muscles, but we're just trying to hammer down that training principle. So let's move forward again here. So going back to the OPT model in these different planes in motion, so if I was going to draw up a purenessation plan, first we're going to go through stabilization. We're going to start in the saggy plane because that's the most common for people. So saggy planes, your flexion extension exercises. Now I'm not talking about machines here, leg extension leg curl, yes there are machines named that, but that's, I'm just giving you saggy plane motions. Squat, bicep curl, tricep extension. Then frontal plane is Ab and Abduction. lateral raises, Ab and Abduction for the lower body. And then transverse plane motion is internal excermitation, trunk rotation, shoulder internal excermitation, hip internal excermitation. So when you combine for the squat, step up the lawn is a single x-quat, through the three different phases, through the entire OPT model, there is a very large framework or matrix for your yearly programming. So I'll just give squat for example, people like, well, to say that to plane exercise, what do you mean frontal plane? I can squat in the frontal plane. I can take a step to my right squat, come back up, take a step to my left squat. I added a frontal plane component. So I have to control that frontal plane as I go in and out of the squat. And then I can turn 90 degrees and do that same squat again. So I can do that with all my exercises, almost all, and go through the squat to step up to lunge the single x-quat, saggy, frontal transverse and other progressions, then stabilization strength power. There is your large programming. Again, then you add in the engagement, the coaching style, the fun, the facility that you have to make it fun and engaging. Your clients don't need to know how much training progressions are on. They won't know just an exercise or training. They're just going to know amazing results. But it gives you the ability to over a course of a year to know exactly what's next for your clients and or groups that you might be working with. So as we wind down here, again, I could have spent hours on each one of these, but the next slide kind of sums this up kind of in a nutshell. What we're looking for is we're looking for training programs. We want people to train smarter, not just harder. And one of the concepts I think that really brings this home, I've had this conversation with elite athletes and I've had it with my country club athletes that are in their 70s. And I had a female member at a country club that was a dynamite. She went through all three phases of training. She didn't really understand that I had progressed because she didn't care to know. I would have been more than happy to educate her. She's like, Marda, I trust to just tell me what's next. So one day she comes up to me, she goes, I gotta tell you Marda, she goes, we need to do something different. I said, what do you mean? She goes, I've never been sore. She goes, I'm just, we're just not working hard enough. I said, well, can you tell me why you think that first before I give you my response? She said, well, I've got to be sore. She goes, we're not doing enough. I said, okay, I said, can we take a look back at your last six months of training and I gave her all of our assessments and went back to all the assessments that did in shoulder, 38%, 45%. You're golfing 18 holes and said, nine holes. You do now you're driving them all 160 yards instead of 120. And she kept just looking, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I said your body weight went down. Yeah, you're spending more time on cardio and your speed, she was, yeah, it's amazing. And I said, so why do you need to be sore? And she looked at me and she goes, well, I thought that's just the way that it had to be. I said, no, I said, my job and your fitness professional once we got on a roll and knew how you respond exercise and I knew how to communicate with you and coach you and gave you a couple of days to kind of get you sexized. My job is to fatigue you appropriately as you walk out, make sure you come back refreshed. And I said, and she goes, yeah, that's what happens pretty much every time. Every time. I said, you've never come back in sore. She was, no, I said, so my job is to make things to give you the maximum amount of results with the least amount of effort. And first it boggled her mind, but then when she looked at the results, she goes, okay, that makes sense. So in a nutshell, when you file the science, file the model that you trained on, if you think about our role is to get people to train smarter, not just harder and take it away from maybe an exercise program into a specific training program. So in conclusion, I hope that helps kind of just share these two massive, amazing companies on how much they dig into the science and try to bring that to all of you in the fitness industry. So you can get the best outcomes with whomever you work with. So I can't thank you enough Greg who's been advanced to our slides here for me. You know, the guy behind the scenes that makes all this possible and everybody of NSM and everybody at TechNoGIM, we can't thank you enough for attending. Hope you found it and you can reach me there at my TechNoGIM email, mmiller at TechNoGIM.com. And if you're new to TechNoGIM, I hope you check us out and feel free to hit me up anytime if there's anything I can ever do for you. So I'll turn it over to Greg, our editor, see if there's any questions that came in or if you guys are still sending those questions in, he will recap those and then send me and I will email you personally. So thank you guys so much.

=== FILE: Experts, Evidence & Errors Navigating Truth in Fitness Science [FUvmNxsI7S0].txt ===

On today's NASM CPT podcast with me, Rick Richie, I explore the question, can we trust peer-reviewed scientific research? Number one, what is peer-reviewed research? Also talk about number two, who are these peers that you speak of? They're my old golf buddies. No, because a little deeper than that. Three, what makes an expert an expert for? What is a randomized control trial or an RCT? And is that the gold standard of research will also briefly chat about systematic reviews and meta-analysis? And finally, I need to point out that there are some experts that talk about things that they have no expertise in, but they hide behind their degree to excuse their opinions on a topic. Make sure you like, follow, subscribe, and leave a five-star review. Now, here's the episode, can we trust peer-reviewed scientific research? Your listening to the NASM CPT podcast with Rick Richie, winner of the ShareCare Emile Award for Social Storytelling and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey, all, and welcome to the NASM CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie. And today is interesting because I've been getting some questions lately and maybe it has a lot to do with the current environment and some would say an attack on science and higher education, but the question is, can I trust peer-reviewed scientific research? That's a valid question, but when we talk about validity, that's a whole different world when it comes to research. So here's a series of questions that I was asked and then I created a couple of follow-up questions here, but an email, a message from a friend of mine says, as always, it's a pleasure chatting with you, I was chatting with him at the gym, known for a long time decades, even at this point. And he's been in the fitness industry as a vi for a long time. This is what he brought up. Here are my questions, some bullet points for you to consider for the topics for your podcast. One, can we trust peer-reviewed scientific research? Another is our strength and conditioning principles founded on peer-reviewed scientific research. What is the process for publishing a peer-reviewed research is PubMed Trustworthy? What is a randomized controlled trial? Our RTCs, randomized controlled trials, the gold standard. What is a case study review articles, clinical studies, meta-analysis, systematic reviews, what are those things? And then our NASM certifications based on peer-reviewed research. This may be a good podcast series. You are viewers and listeners will benefit from your take on these subjects and joy thanks for the opportunity. Neth Rodriguez, Neth Man, thank you so much for asking these. And what I'm basically going to do is instead of creating a series, I'm just going to do a highlight reel within this one episode to try to address that. Because here's the thing, we do need peer-reviewed research and we need to understand what makes that reliable. And here's the thing. When you read the comments on social media, everyone is an expert. Everyone's an expert. We've got experts that are all disagreeing with each other. So who is the legitimate expert? And I think we need to really understand what that is. How do I know who an expert is? Everyone in social media, they love to follow those that push back against the mainstream. And for what they themselves like to do already. So let me lean into something I'm already interested in. And I think there's a place for pushing back against standards and norms. But how much of those standards and norms are based in research and how much of those are simply tradition. Also I will point out that some people do get degrees not to learn necessarily, but to appear as an authority to pitch their own individual thoughts. And I think that is something that's scary, something to be aware of. And with all of that, let's get into it. Let's figure it out. So the first thing we need to talk about is what is peer reviewed research? We're going to question peer reviewed research. What does this mean? So let's get into it. Peer reviewed research is a rigorous vetting process which other experts in the same field evaluate an article that is submitted and they're going to evaluate it for accuracy, for validity, for methodology and originality before they publish it in a scholarly journal. All right, cool. So my peers do that. But your peers in research are different than your peers at the pub. Your peers in research are different than your homies that you're going to be dealing with. Your peers that do research are not people that you hang out with. They are peers because they are in your same group of experts. And here's the, all right, for as well, who's the peers? They are other experts in the field that you're submitting your research to. And that's why there's so many different research journals, a journal. So what's out for the journals? Journals. So here's the thing, infectious disease. There are people who research that, but they don't submit their content to the American Journal of Occupational Therapy. Because experts in occupational therapy are not experts to critically evaluate infectious diseases. Is there some crossover? Probably. There's some things that occupational therapists need to understand about infectious disease. Probably, yeah. But they're not experts in that field. So if you look at it similarly, we've got the journal of strength and conditioning. I, I, I, ascribe to that journal, I get those research studies. I get, I get the journals that come from there. And then you've got the physical therapy and rehabilitation journal. Now the physical therapy, real rehabilitation journal cannot evaluate. They can evaluate each other's content. Because is there crossover on that? Surely much more crossover there than infectious disease and occupational therapy. Strength and conditioning and physical therapy and rehabilitation. Is there crossover? Yes. Are they experts in each other's field? No, they're not even close to experts in each other's field. Unless there's an expert in both of those fields, which means they have advanced degrees and many years of study in that field. So what's the purpose of this? Well, I need to understand that the peers that I'm submitting my research to are very, very educated and not just the field that I'm submitting, but in research, in methodology, understanding validity. And there's a whole list of criteria when it comes to scientific research. And are you checking those off? And let's say, yes, yeah, I'm checked. All of those things off. So Dr. Richie, now I have another question. Can peer reviewed research be wrong? How dare you ask that question? How dare you? It can't. Yeah. This is where England called myself out and I cannot believe you brought this up. I have a flaw in my dissertation. I have an incorrectly cited source. I gave credit to the wrong authors for a concept that is central to what I talk about in the research. And once I cited it incorrectly, I continued to use that citation because that's what I initially cited for this particular series of content. All right. Well, how did I know that I really screwed this up? Here's what happened. Another researcher reached out to me and asked me where it was. Whereas I'm reading the information you write and it's fascinating. And I go to the site, the author cited. And I go to that and I go to the work cited page and I get that article. Or I get that book. I get that text. I get that journal and I go to that. And I read what is in the journal and I read what is in your paper. And they're not the same. And I was like, that can't be true. And so I go. I read the passage in the dissertation I did. I go back and I read the journal, the article, and I read it again. And I go through it again. I'm like, I can't find it anywhere. And this is so detailed in my dissertation. But there's nothing that even eludes to. What is in my dissertation in the article I cited? And so then it took me hours and hours to finally find the correct siding. Which I then sent back to that researcher said, this is the content. I wish I could do it all over again. I'm so sorry. The research that it was cited incorrectly. Man, the guilt that I felt for so long. Because I got called out on a mistake that I made in my research. Now, this is me. I don't work in academia. I'm a personal trainer. I host a podcast. I teach exercise science. But I don't work at a research institute and teach exercise science at a higher education place and responsible research. And I feel this guilty. Imagine how bad how guilty how embarrassing that would be for me as a researcher to do that working in that world. It's a big deal. It is a big deal. You know what? We have to do everything. We have to have everything that we do. List it out. And it requires that we put in this is how we did it. This is what we looked for. This is, and here's my contact information. So the other researchers can ask questions. And they did. I got called out. Cam mistakes we made. Yes, however, it is difficult on so many levels to do poor research. And also difficult to lie. Make a mistake. Like I did, did it change the outcome of the research. It didn't. It was just incorrectly attributed, which is not fair to the authors, who I've gleaned the information from and gave credit to the wrong researchers. But it didn't change the outcome. Can research be wrong? Yes, can people lie about it? Yes, can people throw out data points? Yes, because sometimes outliers really screw up your data. And instead of putting an outlier in, sometimes it's easier just to oops. Oh, that dot on my graph disappeared. Is it possible? Yes. However, if you are a scientist, your job quite literally depends on doing good quality research. Also, flawed research follows you. If you are a professor, an academic and a researcher, if you are a scientist, researcher, a scientist, a researcher, your work reflects on the university. And that's a big deal. Trust me, you get a call from the Dean's office. Where's yet the president's office? Asking questions about your research that has been called out because it was incorrectly done. Also, for those who are printing articles, so once bitten twice shy, research journals hate to print retractions. So they do their research into your work as well. And if the numbers are fudged, you will never be published again, which is professional death for researchers. Also, one of the reasons meta analysis are so valuable. We'll talk about that a little bit more, is because they aggregate the total research on a specific topic. And if your information is an outlier, they may do more research into what you did in your methods more closely, and identify your flaws as a researcher. That's not fun. So how do your... So you don't get to hide your research. In fact, you got to disclose everything so that other scientists can do exactly what you do. In fact, research basically is this is how I did it. This is an outline for how you can do the exact same research and see if you corroborate what I wrote, what I said, and what I found, or if you get a totally different series of outcomes, if your results are totally different, but what I can't do is hide. I cannot hide where I'm getting my information from. Everything has to be very clearly laid out. Why? So other researchers can follow what I did and do the exact same research that I did in a population where they are. Why? Because population in Beijing, China, and the population in Denver, Colorado, and the population in St. Louis, Missouri, and the population in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Caracas, and people are the same, but we also know that there are ways that other components influence, but we start to get all of this from data from all over the world that shows how specific populations react to an intervention. That gives us a lot of clarity. This episode of the NASM CPT podcast is brought to you by NASM1, the membership for trainers and coaches, members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the Edge app to schedule and program clients enjoy half-awful certifications and specializations, access to free CEUs, and more all of this for just $35 a month. Go to NASM.org slash membership to learn more about NASM1. The follow-up here is there's a lot of research that gets aggregated on pub med. So the question is, is pub med trustworthy? For the time being, yes, though the assault on science may soon see a shift in our ability to access data that is reviewed by scientists and researchers, rather than opinion makers and pretenders, for now pub med is an excellent resource for numerous high quality research journals. Are there poor quality research journals in there too? Yeah, well, yes, and no, there are some that do not stand out as much. There are some that cover more outliers. There are some that you might have a particular division of science and a subdivision and a micro subdivision, and it might be a journal on just that micro subdivision that not a lot of people know about. So there's a lot to look for, a lot to identify when it comes to the articles. But I think for what we're doing, if you're looking at exercise science, then I think our information is going to be unscathed. For now, I think we're in a good position to be very trustworthy when it comes to pub med. All right, one of the questions that was also asked was about randomized control trials. Are they the gold standard? Well, first of all, we got to identify what is an RTC, a randomized control trial. And so I'm going to read you an entire article. It's a very short, a couple paragraphs from Harrington and Locassio in 2018. The article is entitled, Randomized Control Trials. The gold standard for effectiveness research. Okay, well, that article clearly thinks that it is the gold standard. But let's get into it. Randomized control trials are CTs. I said RTCs earlier, RCTs are prospective studies that measure the effect of Venice of new interventions or treatments. Although no study is likely on its own to prove causality, sidebar. Research doesn't prove anything. Research creates correlations. So the proof cannot be identified from a study. So all they're trying to do is create correlations in something. They are trying to say based on this, this happened. Is that proof? No, that is an indication that something could be true. We can't say that it is proof. All right, so with that said, although no study is likely on its own to prove causality, randomization reduces bias and provides a rigorous tool to examine cause effect relationships between intervention and outcomes. This is because the act of randomization balances participant characteristics both observed and unobserved between the groups allowing attribution of any differences in outcome to study the intervention intervention. This is not possible with any other study, design, in designing the randomized controlled trial, researchers must carefully select population. Interventions must be compared and outcomes of interest. Once these are defined, the number of participants needed to reliably determine if a such a relationship exists is calculated as a power calculation. Participants are then recruited and randomly assigned. This is a randomized controlled trial. They're randomly assigned into either the intervention or comparison group. So one gets the intervention, one gets the comparison. So let's talk infectious disease. Intervention group, one gets the intervention, the new intervention, and the other would get standard treatment. And we compare the new intervention to the standard treatment. Is the new intervention better? Is it the same? Is it worse? And then sometimes you even have a control that doesn't have an intervention at all. It has a placebo and a placebo group may say, yes, I feel much better, but they only feel better because they think they got an intervention. That we need to see an intervention. We're going to use a control and we're going to blind them, not them personally. We don't, it would be awful. You did a great job. What we're going to do is, this is called a concealment or a blinded study. It's ensured and what they do is the people who are doing the research don't know which is the intervention, which is the troll. They just seek the outcomes. They submit it and then people identify, okay, well, who was in the control group, who was the outcome, what did the researchers identify with these individuals? And then you can say, oh, was any progress made? So randomized control trials are often blinded so that participants and doctors, nurses, researchers, they don't know which person is receiving the treatment and that minimizes further any more bias. They're going to say randomized control trials can be analyzed by the intention to treat analysis and there are other variations when it comes to intention, the treat that are less biased, but all randomized control trials should have a pre-specified primary outcome. I want my person to get better feel better, move better, get stronger, increase muscle mass. That's what we want to outcome to be, which intervention did that better. And then there should be registered with clinical trial database and they should have the appropriate ethical approvals. Trust me, the ethical approvals can be difficult to get through. There's a lot to jump through with that as well. Randomized control trials have their own drawbacks and that includes high cost in terms of time and money, problems with generalizing things, the participants that volunteer to participate, might not be represented in the population that you're trying to actually study and that you might have loss when it comes to follow up. So, is a randomized control trial the gold standard? It is the gold standard of research. Yes, however there are gold or standards. Those are systematic reviews and meta-analysis according to on and conk 2018. A systematic review collects all possible studies related to a given topic and design and reviews and analyzes their result. So, that could be qualitative or quantitative. We're going to take it all, we're going to review it and then we're going to put out the results of a lot of different studies on the same topic. Now, meta-analysis is a valid objective qualitative, sorry quantitative, version of research, is scientific method of analyzing and combining different results. Usually in order to attain a more reliable result, a meta-analysis is almost exclusively conducted of randomized control trials, which have a high level of evidence. Now, with that being said, are any of some concepts based on research? Yeah, they are. The model isn't researched. The OPT model has not been researched, but each component of the model has been researched. And we pull the research from that information and NASM just takes that research and then information and they put it together into a model to create a system to follow. And that system is based on research. Now, reading comments on social media, everyone is an expert, what makes an expert truly an expert? Usually their education, but you have to understand that there are people out there that claim to be experts in nutrition, but our carerpractors. Now, does that mean carerpractors cannot be experts in nutrition? No, it doesn't, but an expert in somebody that has read about nutrition are not the same thing. So, are there classes that they may have taken on nutrition? Yes. Did it fall outside of the mainstream when it comes to nutrition? Yes. So, do they base their information based on research? They might claim that, but you got to identify the research. And one of the big things lately is, you know, all of this, our seed oils bad for you, research pretty conclusively based off randomize, based off of meta analysis and systematic reviews show that seed oils in moderation are not bad for you and are better for you than it's animal fat equivalent. But is that something that social media wants to hear? A lot of times no. Because social media, they've been told that this, I want to take a different view. I want to push against the mainstream content that's out there because that's the way for me to be seen and a lot of people say, oh, I also want to receive information because I already believe these things and now I have an expert that might even be a medical doctor. Telling me how poor certain nutrition things are and yet they're not a nutritional expert, they are a medical doctor. And you find out how many classes in these take in nutrition? There's a large amount of an entire study. We're not a single nutrition class is required in order to become a medical doctor. Why? Because their job is medicine. Now is nutrition medicine? Yes, in a way. Is exercise medicine? Yes, in a way. But when they refer to medicine medical doctor, they are generally referring to pharmaceuticals. And so, where do the expertise lie? Now, there are people. Now, let's get closer to home exercise science. There are a lot of different exercise science people. This is good, this is bad, this is good, this is bad. Well, I'm going to say for the most part, if you're exercising, it's probably good. And there are very few things when it comes to exercise, where it is bad unless there's poor form, right? The technique is off, you're overloaded, you're not progressively overloading. These are all scientific concepts. People who do the same thing too much and they're not building strength, but maybe they're building their version of strength. The problem is when you get somebody who is a power lifter, a body builder, who look at Pilates and say, Pilates isn't good because they don't do what I do. And there's plenty of research that shows that building the muscle is good for you. And therefore, it is better than what they do, but the amount of research that they've done on Pilates is nil. So, they're going to tell you what they've researched and just assume what you're doing is it's valid. And I don't think that's true. Now, in order to get stronger to build bone mineral density, to challenge the muscles where we increase protein synthesis and muscle growth, minimizing circuitopinia, you just got to lift heavier things. And there's a valid way to say that there are other things that can be added just like the majority of people that our body builder power lifters could probably benefit from some Pilates too. No, I'm saying, is everyone on social media? How do I know who's an expert? Well, a lot of times, you just need to find out what they're an expert in, and then find out what they're talking about and talk about him. Wow, I am missing it today. I'm trying to crush this podcast because it's so important in my words aren't wording. But as somebody in Shakespeare said, words, words, words, everyone on social media, and people they love to follow those that push back. Well, let's look at what their degrees are. And not to say that just because you have a degree means that you know what you're talking about. For a couple reasons, one, and we are, talked about people with certain degrees are not specialist in other things. Doesn't mean they don't know about it. Doesn't mean they can't speak to it, but they aren't experts in those things. But also, yes, some people get degrees just to pitch their already invalidated thoughts. And that's why I think research is so important. It is one thing to have a thought, something that you believe is true. That's not incorrect. It could be things that people aren't doing. People haven't thought of, might be unique to you in your own thought process. But when you go and you enter a program and that program requires you to do research, actual research, not gathering content somebody else has done. But first form research where you are doing it. You get to pull back the curtain on your own biases. And find out, wow, all of the stuff that I was hoping to prove because it is my concept, my modalities, my extra special formula that I created for working out. And then you find out, because you do the research, hopefully your randomized control trial, which is an RCT and I know I said RTC earlier because that's a randomized trial. Control. You find out that you're true, thank truth and and you graduate, you get some letters after your name. And some people keep on not truth and the good news is there are other researchers out there that are following the research. They are following the science. They are following the data. I'm not saying that you shouldn't come up with new concepts, but when you do and they start to build, that's when researchers go, I wonder if there's any validity to this and then they research it. And there has to be more than one person, they research it and they go, oh, look, I've got this research that says this, why don't think that's true and then they take your research, they find out what you did and they redo it in their population, at their school or at their research facility. Maybe they find out very similar to what you did, maybe they find out something totally different. And now, researchers go and to explode in that particular area because it's getting popular with the general public and we have two people that did the exact same thing, got two different outcomes and they're both researchers. Now we've got to figure out who's right and who's wrong and researchers will jump on that. Can we trust peer reviewed research? I think we can. For the most part, yeah, absolutely, we can. For somebody who's been through that process. You know, I was younger or it was not young by any means when it's going through my doctoral program, but when I did and I did my research, it was remarkable how hard that was for me. And there are many times I wanted to quit, there are many times that I was saying, what's the point of this? I'm doing all of this work and it's so hard. And one of my, my dissertation chair would just keep saying, it's an exercise in writing. Just like it's an exercise and exercise, right, and fitness. This is an exercise in writing. You just repeat it, do it again, take a break, recover, do it again, refine, do it again. And then eventually, content was produced and it was hard. For me, and there are other people so much smarter than me reviewing other people's research, who are so much smarter than me, evaluating each other and thank goodness those smart people are out there doing research. So that I can take that content and I can learn more by letting them do the hard part. All I have to do is figure out how in the world do I read this research paper and understand it, which is a lot easier at the next lecture. There is research itself and if you've ever tried to understand research and how hard that is, imagine knowing it so well that you can do that. There's some smart people out there putting in the time, putting in the effort, and doing their own research. And when they do their own research, it isn't reading an article about it. It isn't reading a social media post that is not what research is, so don't get it twisted. Thanks, y'all. Thanks for listening. Thanks to my producer, Eric Sorenson. And if you would please like, subscribe, share with your fitness friends and family, leave a five-star review, and a comment. If you would like to reach out to me, like my friend, Jeff did, you can do so here we up on Instagram at dr.recruvitchy or email me, rick.ricy at nes.org. Keep inspiring people to fitness. Thanks for listening. This has been the Neson CPT podcast.

=== FILE: Financial End Game Retirement Planning and Wealth Building for Fitness Coaches [4QQD3uoxppY].txt ===

On today's NASM, CPT podcast with me, Rick Richie. I explore three things you need to focus on to prepare for a solid financial future. One is income. How do you increase your income? Number two, savings. We've got to figure out how we're going to save money. And three, what is your financial endgame? And I'm saying right now that you need to have a little bit of focus on a tax advantage to retire in an account so that you can build some compound interest and you make a lot more money than you ever put in. And that will be money that you can live off of in retirement. Make sure you like, follow, subscribe, and leave a five-star review. Now, here's an episode on financial fitness. Your listening to the NASM, CPT podcast with Rick Richie. Winner of the Share Care Emiel Ward for Social Storytelling and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey, y'all, and welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie, and today we're going to talk about financial fitness for fitness professionals. And you're going to need three things to prepare for a solid financial future. One is you got to have money. You got to have an income. Number two, and we're going to break these down and talk to these, each a little bit more. Two, you're going to need to save. You got to save more money than you make. I know that's not fun to hear, but we're going to chat about it. And then third, we need to look at what a financial endgame looks like for you, because when you will not be working anymore, you will have to have money to continue to live. And you're fit. She will live a long time, right? That's what our goal is. That's what our hope is. With that being said, what is your financial endgame? And that could be starting your own business. But all of it really turns around and says, it's enough money for you to retire on. So let's start getting into this. Or what to start with the first one, you need good financial offense. You need income. That's your offense. That's your means of making money. And training could be a great job, but it can also just be a passion project. I know it can be challenging to make money in this particular business. I was working at Jim years ago. My buddy, a fellow trainer and a roommate needed another job to make an ends meet in New York City. So we got a job at a retail store. All right, well, listen, I needed money too, but I did not like the idea of getting a job at a retail store because whenever I trained, I made more money in an hour of training than you had to make in a couple hours or more doing the retail job. So I was like, well, let me, let me see if I can at least make more money training. So what did I need to do? I had to work. And sometimes I had to work for free in order to build my book. I had to work floor hours more. I had to come in when I wasn't on duty and work for free in order to meet people and talk to people and try to build my business. I had to do complimentary sessions. I had to do orientation sessions. I had to connect with people and I, in order for me to do that, I had to show up. And I get it. A lot of people are like, oh, if I'm not getting paid, I'm not working. Well, that might be true, but also if you aren't building your business, then you might just be looking for another job. So I really wanted my job, my business, my future to be in fitness. So rather than going in a job outside of fitness, I just worked harder to make more money in fitness. And actually built my business up that way and ended up making much more money than my friend who had to different jobs, one of those being a training job. And for me, that was important because I wanted to make more money doing fitness. And that's not the case for everybody. Not going to be able to. And I understand that fit this might be your side hustle. And that might be your way of making a little extra income. Well, if you're a personal trainer full time and you're doing 20 sessions a week, that's pretty good. That's usually considered full time for personal training, except it wasn't enough money for me. So I needed to work more than full time. I wanted to work where I was doing about 35 sessions, sometimes 40 sessions a week. And I built up to about that where I was exhausted a little bit too many sessions early in the morning, late at night. A lot of free time in the middle of my day, but sometimes not enough free time to go home. It can be a challenging gig. So here are some other things to consider. When we talk about increasing your income, like you need to have a big shovel, you need to be able to scoop some more money in. So one of the things I want you to consider is teaching classes. Teaching classes, you're going to make extra money by teaching the group class, whether it's group personal training or some strength and conditioning type class, whether you get a certification. And you decide to start teaching Pilate, is there a yoga or you want to do kettlebell classes, but consider teaching the classes. What I loved about teaching classes is when I taught classes. And at one point I had six sessions a week on a schedule when I was working at a corporate gym. Good news is that I had somebody at least one person every week that asked me if I was a personal trainer. And it really bolstered my business. So I want you to consider teaching classes because you make more money teaching class, but then you can also potentially make more money by now doing personal training because those people that take your class, like your class, want to be around you. And if you can help them in a class, I bet you can help them as a personal trainer. Here's the other thing. I got really close with other people that taught classes. If we were all part of the same group, except I was a personal trainer, and most of those people only taught group fitness. So when they were asked once a week on average, if they were a personal trainer, and they said, no, I'm not, but my friend Rick is, maybe you should meet him. And so I got a lot of referrals from that. It was really good for my business. It's something to consider. Consider training independently. And I'm not saying you need to leave a corporate gym to go and train people completely independently of a corporate gym. I'm saying, maybe get a little sad hustle. Maybe you train at your gym and on the weekends, you pick up and you train people out in the park, you train people in your garage, you train people in their home, you go to their place and work with them and train them. I know a lot of people aren't in New York. Most people aren't in New York. So I don't have a car, but you guys can throw equipment in the back of your car. Go meet somebody somewhere, whether it's their house, the park somewhere, and you have equipment with you that you could just pull out and start a class, right? Start a class, start a one-on-one training session. And I think that's a great opportunity to consider. I know a lot of people in New York City throughout the years who would go to Central Park and just set up with a TRX or some bands and things like that. I will say this. You need to have a permit in New York in almost any city. I remember doing a shoot of some sort of video shoot, we did it at the park and it was somewhere in Arizona, and the park managers came and we're checking to see if we had permits. And I knew I needed one for New York, but I did not know that there were other municipalities that did not make sense, that the city's going to get there. But consider picking up and doing business independently. The way that works especially in the beginning is, you know, if somebody wants to train with you at the gym, and let's say it's 100 bucks to train at the gym, and you get paid 40, then a lot of times it's easier when you're like, oh, you're not a member of the gym, you want to work with me, rather than me making 40 and you're paying 100, why don't we meet it like 80 and I'll still train you. And that way you are making 40 extra bucks, they're paying 20 less, and they're still getting the same service with the same individual. So that is consideration of just creating a little side hustle by going independent. Now, as you get better and maybe you start building your independent business, don't discount your services like that. Make sure that if they're paying that for those guys, that just started training at a corporate gym, and you've been training for a while, then you know, the same price, no, no, no. They're going to pay a little bit extra for you, but cost of your experience. And generally people should pay more when you come to them. If you want me to train you and I come to you, that's going to cost more money. All right, consider raising your rates, if you're independent, I know you can't just raise your rates if you're working at a corporate gym, but consider raising your rates. And you can do that incrementally, you can do that with new clients. If you don't want to raise your rates on your current clients, then just wait until you build up a new client, and say, oh, my rate is one, it's 10 dollars more than what it is you charge those other people that you work with. And that is your new rate. So anybody coming on, these other guys have been grandfobbored into their rate. My new rate for all the people coming in, and eventually you're going to have to raise the rate on the people that have grandfathered in. Mm. I would say this also, consider looking at other gyms that pay better, but not just pay better, that also has a really strong client outlook. Now, there can be gyms that pay better, but they don't have a lot of volume of people coming through. So even though you get more money per session, you're doing a third less sessions than you were doing at the other place. And if you're having a hard time making ends meet, just because you're making more money, per session, doesn't mean you're making more money altogether. I remember I was working at a corporate gym, and I picked up a gym at a residential building. And they paid me a lot more. But I couldn't leave my corporate job. My corporate fitness job, I couldn't leave it. Even though I was getting paid more than twice when I was being paid at the corporate gig, I wasn't getting that much work. I wasn't getting that many people that were training with me, because there are only so many people that lived in the building that wanted a personal trainer. And so the opportunity wasn't there. The money was there, but I needed to keep my job in order to continue to keep my income. So I worked both. Also, when it comes to making more money, consider looking at becoming an educator, because if you've been in the game for a while, consider teaching other trainers something that you're good at. And then if, and that might be kettlebell. So let's say for instance, you're really good at kettlebells, then you want to teach other trainers in your area how to do kettlebells. Then you can just set up whether it's a class come in. We're going to do a class. We're going to do a workshop. Let's do a four-hour kettlebell workshop. And eight-hour kettlebell workshop. How to do a swing. How to do a clean. How to do a kettlebell snatch. And just walking the through with people. And then also, consider becoming an NASM approved provider so that they can get CEUs for taking the course that you teach. I think it's a cool opportunity. And it's something that might work well for you. All right. This episode of the NASM CPT podcast is brought to you by NASM1. The membership for trainers and coaches, members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the Edge app to schedule and program clients. Enjoy half off all certifications in specializations. Access to free CEUs and more. All of this for just $35 a month. Go to NASM.org slash membership to learn more about NASM1. All right. Well, listen, if you need to have a good financial offense, you need to have a big shovel to scoop money in towards you. Then you need to also have a good financial defense. They say that defense wins championships. The truth is you need both a good offense and good defense. However, there are people that make a ton of money that spend their income and do not build any wealth. And there's also a story in this wonderful book called The Millionaire Next Door by Thomas Stanley. And it's about a financial series of lessons that's given from a millionaire barber at the local barbershop. And it's very much about good financial defense. Because they're saying, listen, this guy doesn't have a huge income, but what he did was save an invest, save an invest. Also, you have to be defensive. You can't spend frivolously. You have to save more money than you make. And also, there are a lot of times people are in the hole. And I would say that low interest debt, though it is in the hole, it's low interest. So it's the borrowing of money is relatively inexpensive. But there's some high interest debt. And you've got to pay off all of that high interest of debt debt. And then you have to avoid getting in any more of that high interest debt. Usually, that's the form of credit cards. And that's a conversation we're talking about. If you've got 20 something, 28% APR, annual percentage rate on your credit card, that's going to be really hard to get out of that debt. And you've got to pay more than the minimum amount. So you've got to not just cover the interest. You've got to start paying down principle. So interest decreases. Get out of that financial hole. Get rid of the debt that you owe. And then do your dentist not to dig that hole again. And so you need to have money, not just set aside. So you're taking care of that debt. But also just having some money set aside for emergencies. You've got an emergency fund. So when things pop up and things, you know, what do we have to help up? Then you've got to have something that supports you. So you don't go in debt again. So save some money, set it aside for emergencies. And then start paying off that high interest debt. And then when emergencies pop back up, do your best not to put it on credit card. Make sure that you've got that money set aside. So you can pay off anything that comes up. So you have to have a good defense. You have got to stop spending frivolously. And I'm going to tell you story about a person. I have a friend in New York City. Makes a lot of money as a personal trainer. Charges way more than I charge, per session as a personal trainer. I mean, it's astronomical. And he wanted to go into business with me and my partner at one point, but he didn't have any money. Why not? Why don't you not have any money? You make a ton of money. Now part of it is because you may charge a lot, but you don't actually train that much. But I said the relatively busy. And if you're charging those rates, you don't have to train that much. That's a ton of money to make. So later, I was talking to the same person. I said, you know, I asked if you put any money aside for retirement. And he said, no, he needs to buy a house for his mom first. Then I was like, does she not have a house? She doesn't know. She does have one, but I want to buy her a nice house. And this is an example of someone that makes a lot and spends a lot. They have a fancy New York City apartment. They have to nicest outfits. They have big spenders, but not a big saver at all. And if this person just spent $500 a month, $500 a month, that went into a brokerage account, a retirement account, a tax advantage to retirement account, it would not adversely affect his life at all. But it would be huge given enough time in the market. Because time in the market is more important than how much money you put in the market. For instance, if you put $10,000, and I listen, I'm not saying you need to do $10,000, because you can do with some of these companies, you can do pennies to invest. But let me just give this as an example. $10,000 right now, just say, I got 10 grand, I'm going to put it in there, and you let it alone. And you don't add any money in 50 years. That's going to be $1.17 million. So it's not. And all you did was put in $10,000. So that's what compound interest looks like. Now, what would that look like if you put in $500 a month? And then you just kept doing $500, and eventually that would be $10,000. But then also you have the compound interest, and you also have the additional $500 every month. And things like that wouldn't affect this person at all. And they're going to retire in 40 years anyway. 30 years even. Let's say 30 years. But right now, they don't have anything put away. 25 years, 20 years, you want to retire? What have you been putting away? You're going to have a tax advantage of brokerage account in order to help do that. Now, they also didn't have any money to invest in a fitness business, and that's a business they really wanted to start. No money invested in their future. They have plans to do something nice for mama, but ultimately it's unnecessary. And I'm sure your mom would much rather you make better financial decisions for yourself than for her, making these financial decisions that would just be a nicely for her. I don't know, listen, I don't know. It's not my business as between you and your mama, but I will say this. If my kid was like, hey, Dan, I'm going to buy you a really nice house, and I was like, well, it's cool, you're making a lot of money. Do you have any money, say, for retirement, I said no, I want to buy you a house first? I would lose my mind. I was like, what do you been doing? You should have been putting money away into a brokerage account. The moment you got your first paycheck, so do not think that this is something that your children are just going to learn on their own because I don't think that anybody learns it on their own. They have to be taught it. And I'm hoping that if you miss the bus here, and you haven't been putting any money aside, how do you go about doing that? You start putting about at minimum 10% of your income, your gross income, 10% of it, into a low cost index fund, putting into an attack advantage brokerage account, how do you go about doing that? You can reach out to a fidelity or Vanguard Schwab or JP Morgan, Robin Hood, there are a lot of companies that do this that you can invest in, and places like fidelity are great too because they have no minimum amount. So if you're like, hey, I'm only going to do, I'm going to make a 25% purchase on the semi-conductors, at ETF, all right, cool, well, you don't have to have the full price. You can just incrementally start putting things in. So if you're putting aside money, I like to say that, you know, 10% if you're starting early, if you're in your 30s, you probably almost need to be 20% of your gross income to be putting away. And if in your 40s, 25% income, if you're in your 50s, you haven't started saving. Oh, that's too late for you. Now I'm just kidding, it's not too late. It's not too late, but start saving, start putting aside money, increase how much money you make. How do you do that by working harder, working more, finding additional jobs, increasing the size of your shovel, also being a better defender of your money, save more money, stop spending frithlessly, put aside for your future before you start spending for anything right now so that you can save money and be better ready for retirement. And then when it comes down to it, you are planning for your financial endgame. And your financial endgame is that retirement. Well, sometimes a financial endgame also is building a business. And there are some businesses that don't cost you any money. It just costs you time. And the problem is people don't want to spend time focusing on something that they don't know if it's gonna make them money or not. And so what does that look like? That looks like writing a book. It's gonna take a lot of time, and you're probably not gonna make that much money off of it. Developing a course, creating content, putting your information out there, getting people to follow you, doing the online personal training, building your business outside of your personal training and start building on virtual and doing classes. Teaching classes, teaching educational content. And then taking money before you spend it, just have it automatically deducted. Any of these places that I mentioned, fidelity, Vanguard, Schwab, JPMorgan, Robin Hood. You can do automatic payment, as soon as you get paid that money, a certain amount goes into your brokerage account. And here's the other thing, brokerage accounts go up and down and up and down and up and down. Don't freak out, just stay the course, and over the course of time, the last 40, 50 years of the S&P 500 has returned almost 11%. So you can put your money in a low cost index fund, and you will be looking at what it's like to build your future by using your money and keeping it invested over time. All right, thanks for listening, and thanks for our producer, Eric Swanson. Like, subscribe, share with your fitness friends and family, and leave a five star review. If you want to reach out to me, you can do so, by giving up on Instagram at dr.ricRitchie or you can email me at Rick.Richie at nasin.org. You'll keep inspiring people to fitness. Thanks for listening. This has been the nasinct.ca.

=== FILE: Handling Client Drop-Offs Reflection & Recovery Strategies for Trainers [8vE0CyQN71A].txt ===

On today's NASM, CPC podcast with me, Rick Richie. I explore what happens when clients leave you. It's not always lunchtime in rainbow, so on today's podcast, I talk about one. What are some questions that you need to ask yourself about what we could have done better to keep our clients? I also note that it isn't always about you as a trainer. Sometimes people are dealing with things and those things vary to what are they. And sometimes you're going to give them people their space, but how do you stay in touch with them and let them know that you're still there for them? All right. Make sure that you like, follow and subscribe. Believe a five star review, if you will. Now, here's the episode on my client left me, why and what's next? You're listening to the NASM, CPC podcast with Rick Richie. Winner of the shared care Emmy Award for social storytelling and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey y'all and welcome to the NASM, CPC podcast. My name is Rick Richie. And today, I'm reaching into the mailbox and I've got some questions that are here. And I really like this one. So here's the question. Hi Rick, I love your podcast. I try not to miss any of them. Regardless of the topic. I've learned so much from listening to you and your guest. Thank you. All right, here's the question. If you haven't covered it before, I'd love to hear your thoughts on how we should handle clients who miss workouts from legitimate reasons such as family vacations, funerals, minor surgeries, et cetera, but they never return or continue to make what seems like excuses about why they need more time before returning. Thanks, much thanks and appreciation for all you do sincerely, Joe. Joe, thank you so much for asking the question. And I've got a lot of questions actually for you in return and not for you just kind of like in general for the collective view. When we have clients who leave us, it is important for us to reflect on us. Yes, it's easy to point to them and say, oh, they had a surgery or there was a family emergency and they're just not ready to come back yet. But sometimes I want to take that out of their hands and put it in mind and be a bit more reflective on me because I can't control what happens to other people, but I can control what I do and I want to make sure I'm asking all the questions that are in my control because if it's not in your control, then you don't really have any say over it. But here are the questions in the first question I want to ask. I have about 10 questions and comments regarding this. Here's the first one. Did I provide the value in my service that would have kept them? Now, maybe you did, maybe you didn't, but you gotta ask that question. You gotta ask that question, is it me? And I providing the value because I know that there are people, there are gurus out there and they talk all about finances and like don't discount and don't do this as long as you provide enough value, you can charge any price. Any price, any price? I don't know about that. But if you provided enough value then it's not a you thing, it's still a thin thing. But you gotta ask question, is it on me? It did I provide the value needed? And this leads then to my second question is, did I take my client for granted because trainers often just show up for the session and they do the workout? And then they just plan to see you again next time. And then I don't think about you again. I'm gonna see you again and find you show up and I go, oh man, real quick, let's see. You told me you were sore. I don't remember what we did. I didn't write it down. I don't know what's happening. What do you wanna do today? What's your goals? I don't remember any of these things. But thanks for your money. Also trainers talk about all sorts of nonsense while they train and have to trainers that have ever experienced around me I wouldn't train with in my entire training career because I don't wanna work out and hear discussions about boyfriend problems and apartment issues. And it doesn't mean you can't have those conversations. I have conversations, especially with the clients I've been with for a long time because we've become friends, but y'all, when it is time to work, it is time to work. I'm gonna tell you right now, I time all of my rests. So we can talk about your favorite show on Netflix, while we're resting. I know Amazon Primes got this new thing. Apple TV came out with this. Paramah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, we just y'all y'all y'all, when you can catch your breath and then have a conversation with me about your show. But when my alarm goes off, it's time to get to work. It's time to go back to it. I, to this day still see people that just chatter and chatter and chatter. And I wonder, let me get in some of it that is a value to the client because they want the camaraderie and the friendship and the human engagement, maybe as much as they want the fitness training. But you have to know that other people have their eyes on you and they see that. Well, that appeal to the majority of people. Or when people see you, chitchatting, do they say, I'm not gonna train with that person. I don't even think their clients work out. I think all they do is talk. And that's up to you. Not enough, that's a question. That's what you're experiencing. But you gotta ask question. What have we been talking about? What has been the focus of our training and did I take them for granted third question? Did they provide any hints that they were not able willing or interested to continue? Abel is a financial thing. It could be that surgery thing. It could be the concerns that they might have. It might be that they're completely now just just interested in personal training. For whatever reason, and is that on you? Are they getting any benefits and outcomes or are you showing progress? Do they, are they interested in continuing? But they're too heartbroken by the events that just have taken place. And they need time. If they need time like that, you gotta give them time. They had a minor surgery. You can't be the one that dictates when it's time to come back. But you can be encouraging. You can be there. Let me, I'm here. You need me. I'm here when you're ready. We're gonna follow up and not just look for the transaction but be present for them as a person. Fifth question, did you focus on their goals or did you just do exercises? Did you focus on their goals? Or did you just do movements and make them tired? Or did those relate back to what it is that you were trying to do? What are your goals? What are the reasons you even started with me? You came to me. You wanted to work with a personal trainer. I am here. I'm working with you. But I guarantee half the trainers out there. If you ask them what is this client? Name every client that you have and what are their main goals? They just make something up. Because they don't remember. Then most people don't even know why you're training. Was the purpose of the training protocols? Because eventually it just turns into it is Tuesday at 7 a.m. and it's just when we work out together. That's a, that could be better. That could be better. Keeping the goals in mind, making sure the workouts relate back to the goals. Make sure you bring them up. And you still identify as that it's still important to you because that is something that I can help focus on. I'm going to make sure that that's still what you want. All right, y'all. This episode of the NASN CPT podcast was brought to you by NASN1. The membership for trainers and coaches, members in joy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources, get the edge app to schedule and program clients, enjoy half of all certifications and specializations, access to free, CEUs and more. All of this for just $35 a month. Go to nasm.org slash membership to learn more about NASN1. Six questions. We got five more to go. So here's six and then some questions are not questions. But do you occasionally provide surveys to your clients? And I had an episode maybe a year to go about surveys because I was in the process of developing surveys and I thought, as a business owner, but as a gym business owner. And then I thought, man, I need to do one of these for my clients. Wonder why I haven't done it. And then I talked to some people and they said, yes, I do that for my clients on a regular basis. Quarterly, by annually, annually, here are some questions about me. And I want your anonymous feedback. Let me know, in my paying attention, give me some anonymous feedback. And you can do this stuff on, I think I used Survey Monkey, which was a free survey option that I was able to utilize. Do you occasionally survey your clients and ask questions about, you know, what is it like working with me? How do we schedule it on scale of one to 10? So you could do the likeered scales on scale of one to 10. How focused in my on your needs, your goals, and your wants. What is my price point and how is that effect you? Oh, what about that? So go through and come up with survey questions and then provide a free survey to your clients. This can be outside of the, even if you work in a gym, this can be outside the context of a gym, because you're just asking questions about you, but sending it out, the, sending out a link and having people anonymously send it back. It's kind of nice because then you, you don't, you know, have people telling you nice cities to your face and deep inside. You're like, I wanna say something, but their breath smells bad. And I don't know how to say it. I don't know how to tell them that they have very bad breath in the morning. And I can't say it. I can't speak it, but if you give me an anonymous survey, I am right in all sorts of stuff about the stank coming out your mouth. Why? Because I don't wanna hurt your feelings. But I want you to know, and maybe first thing in the morning, brush your teeth, maybe not as much coffee, maybe have some gum before the training session. I may all be above, do all those above. Because people aren't gonna say that to you, at least, not if it's not anonymous. And so, let me say, provide a survey, get feedback. You may not like it, but if it's fixable, let's get a fixed. Things you may not even know about you. And it's a simple thing to address that could really help you with your business. Seventh question here, it is more of a point. Sometimes it's not about you, and what you did, or what you didn't do. Sometimes people are dealing with things and they don't wanna talk about it. And they disappear, and they withdraw. It could be financial, it could be a family situation, it could be things going on with the husband or the wife or the kids, parents, family, extended family. They start to withdraw. It could be somebody at the gym, that they overheard saying disparaging remarks about them or a group they identify with, such as size discrimination, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, immigrants, somebody's faith. It could be a lot on the line there, and it has nothing to do with you, it's just they don't wanna go that gym again, because when they go there, the person that's there that had a disparaging statement, or the person that's there that's always flexing in the mirror and the changing room, and it just makes you so uncomfortable as they're recording. The recording that's going on, and they don't want to expose themselves to that. They're just different things, and sometimes it's not about you. You gotta ask questions. Is it me, could I have changed something? But now let's ask questions about the environment. The gym, the facility of change something, could the front desk have greeted them as if they were happy to see them, not as if they were a burden in the process of walking past them and checking in. The next question is the language appropriate. Because I know it's the gym, sometimes people in different gyms are a bit more free with the tongue, and they can say things, and that stuff can come across as if, cross, cross if nothing else, cross, so check the environment, check the gym environment, ask questions, find out more, and look, if they say they're not ready, they're not ready, and let them have their space, but, number eight, did you follow up with them, and asked them if it was something that was done, or said that hurt offended or stigmatized them, did you follow up? Because you wanna know, is it the gym, is it my colleagues, is it me? Anything about the environment? Because if so, maybe I can meet you somewhere else, outside of the gym, gyms better, it might have a rule that you can't train outside of the gym, whatever those are, but listen, if the gym made it uncomfortable for somebody, and that person would still like to train, they still love and appreciate you, and find out if there's an opportunity for you to still work outside of the gym and some independent location, and a garage, and a park, somebody's house, something, find out, find out more. Nine! Nineth question, more of a statement again. Cinema, thank you, Card. And maybe even some flowers. Fanking them for allowing you to serve them for so long. Listen, it's over, it's over you. Like you don't train people forever, but you can still be connected, and you can still get referrals, and you can still just be a good person and connect with people and not only talk to them because they paid you. Just keep them in your orbit, keep them around, keep them on your holiday card, list, keep them in the occasional meme on social media that you send them or the occasional check-in text. Stay with them. Say, they might be back. They might be back. And if not, stay with them. Let them know that you're there for them, and that you appreciate what they did the time that you were together and the time that you all had to get them. 10th question, are you staying in touch to ensure the door stays open for them to come back? That is so important. The thank you is important, but keep that door open. Keep it wide open and let them know that they're always welcome back. And you're always ready and you're here for them. All right y'all, thanks for listening, and thanks to our producer Eric Sourntson for putting together the show. I want you to like, subscribe, and share this episode. We're here for this friend's and family. Leave a five-star review, and you can hit me up like Joe did on Instagram at dr.ricritchie or you can email me, rick.ritchie at nasin.org. Y'all keep inspiring people to fit this. Thanks for listening. This has been nasm, CPT podcast.

=== FILE: Heart Rate Variability and Recovery Part 1 [Hgf3-aLnjCc].txt ===

We're talking to Kevin Longoria, who is the chief science officer with bio strap. And he's going to talk about us regarding how to use data to drive our recovery. And that's going to boil down to the science and interpretation of HRV or heart rate variability. And this is going to be exciting. Look forward to just kind of sitting back in the cup here and taking notes just like all of you should be doing. So let's go ahead and get started. Let's go to that next slide. And on the next slide, we're going to talk what we covered today is what is HRV? Where do we get that information? Why is it important? We're going to talk about what the science says. Why you should be paying attention to this information at all and how do we measure, and how do we measure it? And is the technology valuable and useful? I have a lot of devices that can claim to us information. And you want to be sure that we're getting, we want to be sure that those devices are giving us the information that they sell us on. And as always, you get to ask questions. I hope that you, I hope that your questions are frequent. And as I said, I have with me as always an ASM master instructor, doctor Kyle, still how are you doing today Kyle? I'm doing very well. Thank you very much. I'm excited to be here. All right. And in the background, we have our producer, Greg. He's the man who's pulling all of the strings behind the curtain. But we can't pay attention to him. And we have Kevin Mongolia. I told us a little bit about your position, but tell us a little bit about your background Kevin. Yes, sir. So my name is Kevin Mongolia. Chief Science Officer for BioShrap. I'm a clinical exercise physiologist by education. For the last several years, I've been working with populations ranging from the average Joe to severe neuromuscular and metabolic conditions, all the way up to on the personal physiologist for many world champion athletes right now. Most notably Henry Sehudo, a few of us may have seen him defend his Bantham Weight World Championship in the UFC this past Saturday. Outstanding. Outstanding. And thank you just for those of you listening. We are slated for three of these webinars with Kevin. And I hope that you can hope that everyone out there listening can be involved with all three of them. And as always, we have a special discount for you. If you hang on until the end of the call, you can say 35% on one of our on the new CES. And that's today only with the promo code. But we'll get to that at the end. I'll give you the code and maybe BioShrap will have it gift for you as well. We'll have to hang on until the end to find that out. But let's go ahead and take it away and go to the next slide. Kevin, I will turn it over to you. What is HRB? So heart rate variability is essentially the measurement of variation in time intervals between heart beats. We use the EECG and believe that these heart beats were supposed to fall very consistently. But we now understand this is really only from a bird's eye view. When we zoom in at the level of milliseconds, there should actually be a lot of variability in these heart beats. Each time an individual breeds in, their heart rate should speed up a little bit, a little sympathetic activation. And when they breathe out, their heart rate should slow down. This is kind of term is called respiratory sinus arrhythmia. This allows us to assess that the chronic tug of war being played at the level of our sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems. Okay. So you unravel that in a couple of short sentences. There's a lot to unravel. I mean, you brought up the autonomic nervous system. So let's talk about what that system is and how that works to keep our bodies in balance. Certainly, the autonomic nervous system, I'm sure many of us have learned the basics of our sympathetic and our parasympathetic. But maybe not really how this applies to health and performance, know how to really implement this. Heart rate variability is a measurement of the autonomic nervous system, which controls or regulates processes, including our stress hormones, inflammatory processes, and even our immune system. So when it comes down to health and performance, this has relations across the board, largely in terms of optimizing sleep recovery and minimizing the risk of injury. Okay. And so let's talk a little bit about, I think we're going to get into that into in the next couple of slides. Let's talk about definitely how it's measured and how these differences in HRV heart rate variability are related to different health markers. As we could go to the next slide and get into that. Okay. Can you take us through this science and the use of HEEE, please? Certainly. Before we really dive into the research, I think it's important to note kind of what I'm meaning here when I say reduced in higher heart rate variability. There's not exactly a magic number that everybody should shoot for, and I know that this may be confusing, but higher is not always better. The majority of the research that we're going to talk about here relies on comparing an individual to their specific population. Whether this be their competitive population or more basic their age, gender, ethnicity, population. Okay. Do you have, I don't know, everything with science and measurements fall within a range. Do you have basic ranges that we can work that we work off of when we're assessing this? There are very general ranges, which is something that I tend to stay away from. The general would be 60 to 100 milliseconds when we look at the time domain, which will dive into a little later. I'll make that a little more clear. What we really focus on is understanding an individual's trend. We require a minimum of five day baseline with no intervention. We really want to objectively understand where they're starting from, and then you start to apply these interventions, training, nutrition, modifying their hydration habits, and really what we're looking for here is looking at changes in individual trend. Improvements mean our interventions are in fact working, whereas if we see a decrease, we have to look at compliance or possibly a dynamically adjusting our interventions. From a health perspective, heart rate variability has been correlated with about 90% of all preventable health conditions, things like obesity, diabetes, and even cardiovascular disease. So when it comes to setting goals for our health-focused clients, heart rate variability is really one of the most meaningful biomarkers that we should develop programs around, and really use as a reinforcement tool to show our clients progress and maintain their motivation. The biggest kind of uphill battle that I have here is educating the clients on the value of this metric. They've likely never even heard of this. We're trying to say, this little number is more important than your scale weight, BMI, and possibly even that blood pressure you're getting twice a year at your doctor's office, because you're collecting it when you're nervous. This population, what we really need to emphasize is fitness is not just about thin muscles, and so I thin waistline and big muscles. It's physical health, mental health, stress management, having enough energy to play with your kids after a long work day. These are basically aspects of fitness that can't be measured by that little number on the scale, but they can by things like heart rate variability. Okay, thank you for that explanation. As I'm looking at this slide, we talked about we're looking at how higher HRV is associated with cardiovascular fitness resilience and decreased risk of injury. Can you tell us what that higher HRV means per population? Because I know that it's higher isn't necessarily better as you told us in the very beginning, but what does that mean specific to a given population? So when we compare a well trained athlete versus say their sedentary counterpart, same age, same gender, same ethnicity, the well trained athlete tends to maintain a higher heart rate variability or greater value. We see this highest in the endurance athletic population. A lot of the research that we're seeing now shows a really strong correlation between any intervention that improves our body's ability to utilize oxygen is correlated with better heart rate variability measures. Okay, great. And then is this doctor, Kyle, do you have a comment? I do, and it's kind of a maybe a general comment. I hope I'm not interrupting you and interrupting your flow, but when we're talking about this, one of the things that I used, and I was first introduced to HRV, and I think we talked about this before, but it was maybe 2013, 2014, going back a few years before that. There was an interesting study that looked at elite swimmers. And it wasn't necessarily about HRV, but it used HRV as one of its measurements. And one of the things they found in these swimmers, that by tracking or measuring their HRV in the mornings, they found that those that were more dominated by that sympathetic nervous system, versus the Paris sympathetic, they were able to measure a spike or an increase in sympathetic nervous system dominance about a week before these swimmers were either injured, muscular injury or before they became sick. So I think that's one of those things too, looking at this, these, the chronic diseases and stuff are obviously incredibly impactful, but sometimes for the clients, I think if they could understand too on a kind of a shorter window, like making sure that we're regularly checking this HRV to make sure that we're maintaining that proper nervous system control, that can have also very, very quick effects on your overall training. That's what I wanted to say, Princess. Absolutely, so thank you, yes, we want to, and this is going to lead into the next set of slides. We're going to talk first about, or Kevin is going to talk about our methods of measurement, what the sorts of things we're looking for and how this is recorded, how we can take this information and use it for our benefits. So let's take a look at the next slides. All right, so the methods to actually collect heart rate variability can get rather complicated. I'm going to do my best to keep them pretty simple. The two methods that really are front line here include electric cardiography, ECG, right, putting these sensors all over our body during a stress test or at rest, or a photo-plathy smogography, or PPG. The gold standard, which we will see in a clinical setting, is ECG. This uses electrical impulses to detect these heartbeats, essentially just looking at these time variations in between heartbeats. The primary issue that we see in most commercial devices, you know, these wrist-worn wearables, is that most of them don't have very good ECG sensors in them. At Biostrap, we have a very unique approach to utilizing PPG. Using our wrist-worn device, we utilize dual wavelength LED in optical sensors. Basically, for red light, is able to really deeply penetrate the tissue, and we're able to actually assess volumetric changes in the arterial pulse, heart rate, heart rate variability. And then we pair this with red light and this allows us to estimate other measurements, including your oxygen saturation. A lot of the devices that we see out there on the market simply use green light. Green light, unfortunately, is not able to penetrate very deeply. And this is why many of us may have seen some research about these wearables, not being very accurate for darker skin tones, people with pattoos, or even people with poor circulation, or this data is even more meaningful. Okay, and what if so, we look at this, or let's take us behind the scenes, because I was looking at my, uh, I'm actually wearing my biostrap. And, and it was, it was calibrating, it was calibrating my data. So, I know we have a couple of wave forms here from an EKG, but what is the, what is the strap picking up on the back end of the, on the back end of the app, so to speak? So, what we're collecting here is what's called raw PPPG waveforms, which you really wouldn't be able to interpret, right? What we do is we run this through 29 unique parameters, and this allows us to one really create a very clean waveform, kind of like we see there in the middle picture. And then these parameters allow us to assess for confidence, right? We, we run it through this parameter. If it doesn't pass a confidence check, we're going to exclude this data. We don't want to build, you know, bad data into a clinically reliable system. So, each individual heart waveform is analyzed, and then this is how we're going to analyze these heartbeats, which brings us to that third graph, where we can see variation. This would be a very healthy heart rate variability. If they were all falling, if their heartbeat was as consistent as could be acting as a metronome, we would see a perfectly straight line. This is showing a lot of variability in between heart B intervals. Okay. And Kyle, do you have any questions about that? Any comments? I don't think I do. Okay. Awesome. So, now let's talk about, so that's basically the data that we're getting, that's how we measure it. But when is the best time? When is the best time to get these measurements so that it gives us the most reliable data that we've answered the next slide? Can you take us through that path? Certainly. As with just the AS been out there, it's very important to assess these in a controlled and consistent environment. Right? Just like if we measure our scale weight before, after a meal, we're going to see variation. We want to have this, measured at the same time every single day with minimal compounds. What we really rely on here at BioStrap is nocturnal data collection. Right? We know there's no undocumented stressors. We know where you're at. It's a very consistent environment. So what we'll do is push an assessment while you're sleeping. We do attempt to collect the state of while you're awake as well. They're certain value there. But when we trend nocturnal data, we have high confidence that we're controlling everything that can be controlled in a natural environment. This allows us to really trend data and provide more meaningful insight. What you may be able to see there at the bottom is a little trend graph. This is where we're really equipping fitness professionals with a very easy to implement tool. We utilize machine learning, which we're going to look at an individual trend that the green represents their normal zone. Anything that happens in that green zone, we frankly don't care too much about. When you look closer, there's a red dotted line above and below, and this represents statistically significant change at that individual level. When we see their heart rate variability drop below that red line, we should be alerted. We're going to get an automatic alert so we can intervene and modify a certain behavior. When there's a statistically positive change, when it goes above that red line, now we know what we've been doing is in fact working. We want to reinforce our client because most basic, you know, if we're trying to maintain a behavior, we really ought to make them feel really good about that. So we're going to say, you did your hydration program. Maybe your scale weight didn't improve so much, but look at this improvement in your heart rate variability and look how that equates to your risk of cardiovascular disease or whatever their goal may be. Okay, I'll stand in one of the things here I'm curious about is how do you establish a group you said that you had to get five days of data? How do you let's say somebody is traveling or there's something that that comes up that's a little bit different and then that's the reason they're measuring a difference in the in the HRB or that's the reason they get a number that's outside of the green or let's say they're trying to travel within that five day period of establishing that baseline. Does that, should that matter or is it at the end of the day? It's one of those things like this is just distress your body is going through so it doesn't really matter where you are. I don't think question makes sense. It's a great question actually if regular travel is part of your routine then we're really just assessing your real life. If you travel once a year we probably don't want you to establish your five day baseline during that one travel because that is a confound that's not your normal behavior. What we utilize with our algorithms and our machine learning here is we're constantly doing a rolling baseline. We're comparing you today to you your previous five to 30 days so you're constantly seeing physiological adaptation. We're not comparing you just to where you objectively began but are you making improvements day to day? Let's say there is a newborn in the house or something like that would you encourage, encourage people to maybe not try setting this up during that time, wait until things are back to normal or again that's your normal right now so that's going to be where we establish the baseline and then just track the changes. That's a very meaningful question I actually just had my first son about 12 weeks ago now so I would say that is now part of your lifestyle right that you're going to be having a crying baby for many years to come so there's no point in delay. Let's get that baseline in an ideal setting you can actually look at your your trans prior to the baby being born so you can assess how this change in sleep pattern or how whatever is happening in your lifestyle is in fact affecting your physiology. Very unique I actually saw an amazing improvement in my sleep parameters in my heart rate variability which is a little odd a little more difficult to explain but there's something interesting going on there. Okay so now that we've talked about that and we went into the wearables a little bit in the accuracy and some and some of your measuring methods but we were talking about accuracy and vallin without outing another competitive product can you talk side by side comparison do side by side comparison of what the bio strap collects that maybe these the other more popular wearables don't really succeed on. Yeah certainly I think we all understand the idea of being able to do a 24-7 remote monitoring approach is very appealing especially now with the current COVID situation right contactless data collection is very meaningful the primary thing that has limited adoption particularly in the healthcare field is a general lack of data integrity. There there's been other wearable systems that have tested low than lower than 60% accurate on certain their bio metrics so when you're relying on a number to develop a program, modify a program, look at outcomes over a given period of time based on an intervention we really ought to make sure that this number is accurate as possible. So what we've really focused on here at bio strap is clinical validation we want to basically equip healthcare and fitness professionals with a resource that they can really rely on. We've done 14 publications basically validating each one of our bio metrics relative to the gold standard 22 clinical trials and this dedication to research while it took a lot of time and a lot of resources has positioned us very well. We are now involved in a total of seven COVID studies with various research organizations across the world. And without devolving information in regarding those studies so what sorts of things will the bio strap give you what information will that give you related to COVID? Related to COVID we're seeing it really kind of is the fun by the face right so when we're looking at the onset a great concept for where it wills us to detect changes in bio metrics that predict respiratory illness before even symptoms occur. We now understand you can be contagious before you're even symptomatic. What we should see here is bio metric changes, things like changes in your respiratory rate, oxygen saturation, heart rate, heart rate variability and some of your circulatory parameters as well. So we're doing large studies including one opt-in just using our existing users where we're basically looking at if you are diagnosed we want to go back and look at your trends what may have predicted that early. We're working with other organizations where we're working with high-risk populations in nursing homes and individuals who are in fact diagnosed and hospitalized looking at three day to one year outcomes. A big thing that we're seeing here is when you're healed in your discharge you're not necessarily good. We are seeing long-term cardiovascular and pulmonary changes so we're going to look at one tracking these outcomes what's changing physiologically wise and then what type of interventions can we use where we're even being utilized for back-seen treatments and possible treatments that can replace the ventilators. Okay so now that is you know that's that's amazing I'm looking I look forward to when that becomes available so that we can learn a little bit more about how wearable such as the such as the bio strap can help back changes and changes in the body. So now Kyle I'm going to hand this on you you know in the CES we dedicated a chapter to recover so walk us through how does how does measurement of HRV and tracking changes within the autonomic nervous system relate to the CES. Absolutely and and both you've practiced and Kevin please go free to interject or jump in or interrupt me as you see fit. One of the first things I want to point out is and I know we'll talk about this I believe it's our third webinar we're going to go through some case studies and and look at some different things because worth mentioning now that I believe we should start using a measurement HRV or HRV to help dictate training schedule you know all too often we get into this mindset of you know we're having something out for eight weeks which we should be we should be looking forward to that and we should be trying to get it over all plan. However the individual is going to vary by day so the days are going to be different depending on a lot of different stressors so whenever we look at stress it's not just the training it's the psychological stress it's the environmental stressors all of the stuff is could be a little bit of and we should each morning look at that and use that to help determine what type of training or where we're going to do so you know a lot of times for me I may wake up feeling fantastic however if I start to look at some of those numbers it may indicate that you know maybe I shouldn't train quite as hard or just the opposite I know we've talked about this before I wake up some mornings and I won't really feel that great however my numbers tell me that I maybe am recovered a bit more than I want to think I am so I should go ahead and train a little bit harder that day so we can really use this I think we should use this to really help guide our our programming to program or train for what the person is ready for that day. Looking at C. Yes one of the things we we need to keep in mind here is that optimal recovery and whenever we're looking at corrective exercise in the exercise but within corrective your recovery is going to be essential we have to remember that a lot of times our corrective exercise clients are they may be coming off of an injury or they just you know rehabbed an injury they've been released by their physical therapist so we need to make sure that we're training within you know the certain certain stress level that they can handle enough stress to towards a stimulus that will induce adaptation but not so much stress to where we start to get to see the negative side of that. So if we see you're on the slide recoveries in the central part of overall wellness whenever we look at the exercise that's really our goal is looking at that total body type of wellness recovery is going to contribute to the psychological and physical well-being and then this is going to get us into some of that talking about restorative sleep. Whenever we look at sleep there's a lot of very interesting things to to consider and the actually I'm in back up just a little bit here I want to talk about the measurement of measurement of HRV and again like we said earlier that's going to be an indication of the nervous system and I was reading some stuff a couple of days ago where talked about sympathetic overtraining syndrome which you know can be a kind of a severe case of overtraining but one of the first things that they can measure there in that is is that change again from parasympathetic to sympathetic and that's one of those things too where we can we can start to see how that shift to sympathetic from the excessive training can start to play, have a negative impact on some of the the hormone some of the hormone release when we're sleeping at night and it can really start just really interfere with the the antibiotic process as that are supposed to be occurring at night and that's something that we need to take into consideration. Let's go ahead and click over to the next slide. Before we do before you jump in there I have this looks like it's a question for you Kevin and this is from JJ and thank you for watching spending time with us today JJ and he wants to know when HRV drops below the red line can we go back to that what slide is that? We want to go back to the slide with the the red yet there we go. When it drops when HRV drops below the red line it suggests that interventions may be needed how do you determine those interventions when the measurements are taken while sleeping and not moving? What we'll largely do is collect survey data throughout the day and utilizing our wearable system we are collecting parameters around what types of exercise they did, automatically counting reps sets, durations, loads, all of these types of things. So what we want to understand and really one differentiating between a and a cute change and a chronic change. If we see a downward slope over several days we may be over training right chronically. If we see a very rapid a cute change they may be showing signs of some sort of non-specific illness. So what we want to do is understand which interventions we're making and then give that a few days and start to see is it trending upwards or downwards and this allows you to one understand which interventions are working, reinforce our clients on them. But like we said, dynamically adjust what may not be working. If we're continuing to push hard every single day through this downward heart rate variability trend this is where we start to see increased risk of injury. One study showed that just modifying training load day to day based on heart rate variability decreased risk of injury by 32% in cross-fit athletes. So some very meaningful things but we do have to I guess understand which interventions are taking place already. Okay and I just have a question out of curiosity as as a martial artist and you've worked with you work with the UFC champion. So when when the athlete is peaking there there's going to be that one week within a training camp of where that chronic chronic overtraining takes place. Some of it, some of it does happen. How do you manage that? How do you manage that with your athletes with this data? So Henry Suhudo for example, we're now in training camp number four that we the first one was largely an observational face right we really wanted to stick with this current training schedule. There would be days where he would wake up and he'd feel great ready to spar but his nervous system would be depleted. And I would have to step in and say I know you feel great but your nervous system's not where the high risk of injury and a low risk of making ad adaptation anyways. Right so at first it does come down to just asking them to take days off. Over time what this type of training, this intensity, this load will have this impact on their sleep in their recovery. So now you start to build training programs with data around basically peaking properly. UFC MMA is one of those sports. It's inevitable. There's going to be some phase of over-training largely when we get to things like weight cutting. You know this isn't a natural healthy process to try and lose 25 pounds in a few days. We all you really do in that phase is trying to manage it. The best you can through proper gut health and things like that. Okay that's awesome and so now now that we've talked about that measurement and how this relates to CES let's talk about readiness and Kyle I'll let you jump in there again. Yeah so go back a little bit to the to the sleep so getting into the ready and the sleep we know that we need to establish and adapt to these these optimal sleep paths and we have getting rhythms you know sleep can cyclical and one of the things we see is that we have kind of a hormones served. So there's been structures that show there's a growth hormone serves that occur every two hours whenever we get low long sleep and it's important to to know that growth hormone you know acts on many tissues to help promote healing and recovery and growth but it also influences other hormone or vital to recovery so we can we can see this in insulin like growth factor that all plays a role in that so getting tracking the you know tracking HRV being able to understand those patterns really using that to help to adapt you know healthy sleep patterns are going to be vital to recovery which help to assess you up for the next day training program so that's going to be your readiness and some interesting things that we see here too is that that sleep deprivation so if you're not getting the you know the hormone release over time if that's not helping to repair and restore those tissues we also see an increase in stress hormones so we see an increase in cortisol and cortisol is is catabolic so you know by nature it's going to break down those cellular processes versus trying to to build them back up and we can also see that that really has an overall effect on protein synthesis so it has a negative impact on protein synthesis and it can actually increase some of those degradation pathways which really leads to a loss of muscle mass or atrophy or in in some cases too in the older population we see that it's related to to sarcopenia so all of those are going to be incredibly impactful on your readiness to train the next day and one of the things to talk about here with corrective is is using that corrective process the way that it's best for the client that day so we we oftentimes well we've had some great webinars here where we talk about the importance of corrective within all phases of the of the OPP model so we're really using it as an intelligent warm up so we can we can start to modify some of those exercises to where we're playing a role in that recovery so we're engaged it's an active recovery instead of doing a higher intensity out so that's the way we can use active to play a role in or that's the way we can use the the readiness to roll in the corrective exercise training and some of the the other whenever we look at these sleep sleep habits is poor sleep is going to have a big impact on your nutrition so we see that has a big impact on your decision making ability so those that are asleep to drive make poor nutritional choices that we know that nutrition is also going to have a significant impact on the ability to train on the ability to recover after that so it's really just developing patterns measuring that baseline and measure where we're adopting healthy patterns to optimize our recovery each and using the corrective program that to you know as part of an active recovery process in itself okay great and I have one more question that has come in and I think a lot of people we're excited to talk to you Kevin and this one comes from a Daniel thank you for watching today Daniel and he wants to know has there been any research as there have been any research what we've seen on HRV during different stimulus response curves for example the stimulus is applied then we see the adaptation followed by super compensation yeah certainly I think that's really what we're going to dive into next week it's a lengthy discussion but certainly you want to understand there there's generally going to be a sympathetic stress response immediately following exercise this is kind of inevitable what you're really going to look for is more that super compensation compensation phase that kind of pair a sympathetic rebound and how that relates to your heart rate variability in the following sleep session this this is going to be the most important phase to look at I guess the kind of stress response model okay and the way I like the way it is on the the bio strap website where you talk about the huh siliase general adaptation syndrome of the way it positions that that over training as either recovery or exhaustion because you're going to have that stimulus you're going to have that adaptation and then you can either recover you're recovered or you start to get into that exhaustion so I think that provides a nice little visually around the website certainly and that that is something where we're developing and expanding upon right now is the heart rate variability it's going to automatically you know factor into a recovery score which is a easy to understand zero to 100 but there's also the little message on there that says go easy or excellent ready to perform the the next phase of development that I'm working on is then breaking that down into subsystem trying to understand today's a great day for speed and power development but perhaps you should avoid endurance training and in like you touch on I think it's so meaningful is it's all about achieving adaptation and the most efficient manner possible right so what we really want to understand is is how adaptation occurs training itself is the stressor physical or mental this largely occurs during phases of sleep in recovery so we should sleep better and recover better to optimize our training and that you know a little bit different than how it's typically looked at yeah and I think it's important to to point out that that should be planned you know recovery strategies should be something that are mindful and they're planned so they they're they're setting up they talk about sleep hygiene so people are starting to set up to where they're trying to you know strategize to maximize their sleep efficiency but then also other parts of recovery it's not just something that is passive you know I'll I'll do this or it's not just a day of being out of the gym it's something that again planned it's a strategy it's an active process and I think developing those those habits having a tool to assist and that habit development I think's very powerful okay so thank you gentlemen for that discussion thank you for your question Daniel and Raul also asked a question regarding references you wanted to know if there were references to read more about the use application of HRV and training Kevin do you have anything that we can pick up to teach you to use this slide number 13 here we'll we'll give the references that we talked about here in in this particular conversation but I'd be more than happy I mean I can attach my email address here we have quite a bit on our website we are building you know hopefully some some educational portals around this as well there there's a lot of mixed research out there so we really want to have one one resource that's very credible and doesn't just talk about heart rate variability but also how to apply that in a training setting okay thank you and so now what we want to we're still continuing the conversation regarding read for training and adaptation and that's a confluence of three of three things that we can see diagram there we're talking about rest we sleep as king can we if we can agree on that sleep as if you manage or sleep if that's the one thing you do we want to we want to start there sleep psychological relaxation we want to regenerate with movement strategies and we want to also refuel with nutrition and hydration so what I'd like you gentlemen to do is let's let's take one of these take each of these one by one and discuss some optimal ways that people can maximize each of these factors Kyle you already talked about sleep but let's talk about stress management and the psychological relaxation you will need to yes I would love you to talk about that love for you to talk about that you know stress management I think is one of those things that it can be very different for each person you know learning how you best manage your stress and finding something that is that is meaningful to you so it could be reading a book it could be you know just relaxing with nothing happening there is a lot of a lot of good great information out there about meditation which which I don't practice meditation but again it's one of those trying some of those different types of strategies and seeing what it works best for you for that psychological relaxation if our goal is really for focused on training or focused on that adaptation psychological relaxation probably shouldn't be having a drink and alcohol adult beverage it should be something that is you know that is a bit more beneficial but I guess that can be can be debated so I think there's a lot of different things there you can go with the psychological relaxation finding out what's meaningful for you what helps you genuinely relax and allows you to to take your mind off of off of things that are problematic and I have one question and I'll let you gentlemen volley this so we have we're training we educate people out of train properly here at NASM people have those their their life stressors and those events that go in in their life both sets of both sets of stimuli trigger that that HPA access now can your does your body your brain nervous system tell the difference between each stressor or does it just kind of respond to each stimulus as it comes in bodies going to have the same response to the stimulus regardless of what it is the the more stressful the stimulus the the more productive the response would be so the quicker the body is going to go into a sympathetic response with the fire flight you know whether the body needs to or not that's the way that's the way we'll rock wired to respond and we should be thankful for those responses because it's allowed us to to develop as a species the way we have you know if I'm if I don't like something then I can turn and and run away in my body triggers piece of adrenaline and other hormones to help me do that so it's going to have the same response you know one of the things we have to that we'll with as an as an evolved society is learning wind to our learning how to mitigate our response to certain stressors so a lot of times I think one of the the negative things is that we're forced to just sort of marinate in some of these these this the stress response whenever we biologically aren't what to do that so finding a nice way to relieve some of that so if you go to work and you don't like your boss or your boss is something you don't like you can't punch a face but maybe try to relax a little bit there with some some moments or some meditation and then try to release some of that stress at the gym later on yes that's uh you definitely want to also plan those sorts of recovery very much like you would your your physical recovery uh I don't not plug in any games but if you do want to a blow off tension and that's the way you do it there is an amazing app called Drunken Barfight so VR app you should check that one out it's uh yeah you you you may pass out from the laughter so let's talk about some of the uh refueling strategies as it relates to HRV and recovery and what are some uh what are some baselines what are some uh some things that we'd want to hit with consumption of our uh macro nutrients and levels of hydration so to have a positive influence on HRV yeah go ahead Kevin all right uh yeah my my first degrees in physiological psychology so I I studied a lot about uh I guess psychological approaches one thing that we really studied was the microbiome that right um something that I think people kind of think they understand but it's very common right the basics is avoiding gluten soy dairy greasy foods but the gut really controls about 90 percent of our parasympathetic nervous system our ability to arrest digest and relax a big turning point microrear with some landmark research studies that I'm happy to send uh where we showed that actual nutrition approaches micro macro and um probiotic interventions were actually blowing away what we had seen with a pharmaceutical model around SSRIs and psychotrophics so we can actually see that nutrition it plays every component in both health and performance physical and mental health hydration goes hand in hand um I think there's a lot of crude estimations out there the half of your body weight announces maybe a great starting point but this doesn't take into account physiological differences there's really no general one size fits all and then we have to get into the type of water that you're drinking pH plays a big factor in these types of things as well so the kind of component here is and it's not the best scientific answer it's kind of a guess and check right you you want to understand your food sensitivities you should know which foods you should absolutely avoid but when it comes down to determining the best nutrition program for you specifically you really have to you know utilize some sort of objective system something like the bio strap without selling that too hard uh baseline start this new nutrition intervention I do intermittent fasting every single day because I see about a 32% increase in my heart rate variability in a huge jump in my sleep efficiency I get significantly better deep sleep um some people you know thrive on ketogenic diet where others have very poor responses to it so I I think that general concept largely around nutrition is there's certain things you should avoid but the rest comes down to uh individual physiology okay thank you thank you for that explanation and uh Kyle was speaking about movements for strategies and and your work regarding flexibility uh can a change in posture uh in increase your stress response and effect and effect your uh autonomic nervous system in some way it can I believe that was was an Amy cutty Amy cutty I believe it was one of the authors on one of those studies that looked at how quickly the body's posture can influence their their hormone profile so looking at power postures and then I believe it was a power posture held for about two minutes they measured I forget how much but there was a of boost and test nostril and then they looked at more of a so this is posture and I think again it was held for two minutes and then they noticed a boost in cortisol so it can very quickly impact impact your hormone profile and one of the things we don't know for sure but we kind of infer some of this is if we if we can use a corrective strategy to make it easier to get into a nice powerful posture and power posture can be a different couple different things but think of a you know good posture so you're upright being more expansive as oftentimes of a power posture so I believe in the the study with with cutting the put hands on the hips I think was one of them and I think another one was maybe hands behind the head so those types of postures are associated with increase in in the good hormones um and if we make it easier to do that through a corrective strategy then you know the argument would be well you could do it more often so then you could use a corrective process absolutely to improve posture which should have an effect on your hormones how you feel your overall overall well being okay and also and I don't if you if I'm throwing you a curve ball you can say save it for later but what about the postures influence and and also breathing proper breath control on on influencing stress hormones and that stress response can you touch on how those are related the breathing may be better for Kevin to touch on I would say very quickly that if you're if you're a or kind of a high level overview if we look at the sympathetic versus parasympathetic with with inhalation and exhalation if we're focusing on you know nice diaphragmatic breathing belly breathing a very long exhalation then we could you know emphasize that parasympathetic response certainly breathing and posture and kind of neuroread in general go hand in hand with the nervous system something we really emphasize if you could imagine a Henry Suhodo Olympic gold medalist wrestler comes in with the major forward head posture thoracic hypothesis all of these things we we baseline them everything looks really good but he has a abnormally high respiratory resting you know while sleeping we do a lot of you know neuroread type of approaches there we see versus respiratory rate gets back to baseline but then we start to see improvements in his nocturnal heart rate variability his sleep his hemodynamic recovery now his heart rate is recovering faster in between you know intervals or in that one minute around that one minute that they get in between rounds so regardless of the population specifically maybe these executives that spend a lot of the time at the desk or these elite athletes who spend a lot of time in flexion one of the most meaningful things that we can do is correct their posture minimize any kind of diaphragmatic mechanical restriction because now we're just going to you know kind of always revert to you know chest breathing when really what we were born doing and what we should be doing is breathing from that diaphragm I find breathing interventions to be one of the most meaningful and and sometimes a little time consuming one of the most meaningful interventions that we can make in populations across the board we often revert to some some helpful devices which I think will really dive into next week but there's a specifically one validated device that takes less than two minutes per day and it's been validated to increase everything from your VO2 max to encourage diaphragmatic breathing to having impacts on things like your circulation and your sleep parameters okay so and let's move down that we're let's stay with the movement strategies for second and I want to answer I want to ask a question that was sent to us by and forgive me if I butcher your name a macarina a macarina she right don't know I can't see the picture but a macarina what I'd like to know what about clients that look at exercise as relieve says I have a lot of client runners that practice exercise to release stretch now how do we how do we resolve that with understanding that we need to based on what our HRB is telling us modulate the intensity from from day to day. Oh I'll take that one yeah there's a lot of clinical validation around exercises catharsis right more subjective reporting around it is a great stress relieving tool this is something I actually have been experimenting with myself with all of the gym closures of historically been a strength athlete I've never been an endurance guy probably hadn't run more than a miles sense high school and at first gym close I got to get out there I got to relieve my stress so I start increasing my training volume all the way up to where I was running upwards of about five to six miles every single day I was seeing a great increase in my heart rate variability and then I hit a wall and I started to see this relative decrease so I actually found a way to to utilize heart rate variability to calibrate the right training volume knowing I need that for my stress relief but also knowing I don't want that negatively impact you know training does have malad you know an maladaptive impact on the body so it's great to us once again incorporate that it's at your stress when you're over doing it and maybe better to actually they often recover. Do you find with that that if you the person's question you know they interpreted as they they need exercise to help you know manage and mitigate stress but do you find that that knowledge the data if they're able to look at something that says you know although I feel like I need to run this is telling me I shouldn't run today so it's going to be okay for that question makes sense. The data helps them with their decision to take a day off if they need to I I certainly I think just looking at them for every single day this sounds like a population of very competitive individual right which there's a lot of them out there they're sleep score and their recovery score is a number that they will in fact compete for. So if this means taking a day off and training to not only improve your health but get this better sleep in recovery score that your friends and your family members that you're competing against can actually see we see people change their behaviors. We did a decent study with a university out here in Arizona and we actually found with no interventions just by throwing this wearable on their wrist that they actually all improve their sleep duration sleep efficiency tended to maintain a better circadian rhythm they were taking more steps just simply by looking at the numbers no intervention no recommendation. Yeah and that would you know princess to continue on this I think that's really where corrective comes in too you know you have that client that they they find you know exercise maybe something that's a bit more intense as a as a as a stress relief however if they have the data and if they're able to to partner that with a corrective workout that is is going to help promote recovery so we we could do you know a total body total body body weight type of the training program but we're using it to promote recovery then it can be a nice marriage to kind of help offset that that consistent need for for that higher intensity exercise. Yes that I think that's a great point so let me ask both of you this and this is this may may or may not be a personal question but I know this guy was late 40s and is into martial arts and uses that as a stress reliever so there's there's no there's no concept of not going into training because that there's where that mental and emotional release happens how could we use this data to help guide modulate the training sessions from day to day because as you know Kevin Marshall Artists have one year yes at any level certainly I definitely think that the point is to never tell anybody to not do anything right you need some sort of stress relief but maybe we can modify your behavior if you're going to see quantifiable improvement out of it has a post is saying you know apprentice I think I know who you were talking about there take the day off that may not be something you're actually going to do but if I could say do this respiratory muscle training or do this meditation which which we have built into the bioshrap and you actually you get a great little score after and it tells you exactly how that impacted your physiology right the idea is let's remove all of the food food we can actually show you an objective quantifiable improvement you know you get a little little burst of your your feel goods there as well your serotonin bump just from seeing that little score improve at the end so the idea is I think we we do have that uphill battle it was not easy to get Henry Sehudo to take days off when he lived in this wrestling go hard all day every day but when you start to actually see the physiological improvement you start to feel better at less pain it's it's a little easier to modify that behavior but that there does take a phase of believing in the process for sure yes definitely so on this last I think this I do believe this is our last slide and we're coming up to the hour and this is going to be a teaser for what we do in the next couple of webinars talking about how we measure in turpent the day and then final webinar we're going to talk about programming but first of all we need to collect some data we need to get into the the client our client's life and understand what what they're going through to understand what we need to do to module or to make changes in their lifestyle so Kyle can you walk us through this questionnaire briefly tell us what we want to get out of this I can I can so one of the things of our questionnaires in general we know you can read through the questions and this is a a bit of an adapted version that will be in our new corrective exercise text the the questionnaire that makes it into the text will look a little little prettier than this one but the you can see what the questions are there but one of the big things about these type of readiness and recovery questionnaires is getting the client to think about it if you're asking this on a regular basis every time you meet with the client if you're asking them how many hours of sleep did you get last night I should also say too this is an absence of having you know wearable wearable device that helps you monitor and track this but but it's a daily thing every day you every time you meet with them how did you sleep what was your what was your nutrition like what was your recovery like what were your regeneration what were your pre-activity your post activity strategies and it's not necessarily that we're looking for a particular answer that we do have some bullets there some things that will be considered optimal we do want to track and you know start to establish some sort of a baseline but again it's just that that will wear you know continuously asking them about it and there was a program that I've used before and I think we may be familiar everybody's familiar with it but I won't mention it but they had a thing where they would send they would send a message to their users and it was a daily message to where it would ask some very similar types of questions and again the whole thing was getting them to think about it how did you how did you sleep what did you do for your your warmup what did you do for your recovery in general how are you feeling today so it was a daily thing of just remembering and thinking about it okay so thank you for that and we've come actually one more question and this comes in from Aaron and this is for you Kevin and he wants to know if Biosdrap has a chest strap it appears he's an activity that he can't work out with anything on the wrist. Yes we do have external heart rate monitor that you can run either the forearm or the chest this is only going to collect real time heart rate and heart rate variability so the ideal situation is you wear the wrist sensor to sleep and then you would wear the chest strap you know during during physical activity. Okay okay thank you and we have another question from Jeff thank you and by the way thank all of you who've asked questions and those of you who are watching right now Jeff wants to know how did someone's ability to adapt to new healthy sleep patterns and exercise schedules impact deviation of ideal size intensities and he gives an example he continues running five miles a day was improving Kevin your HRV and then ultimately started to be a detriment to your HRV he continues I would think that someone adapt to a program physiologically let's see he adapts to the program physiologically the positive games with lesson because they're more fit and possibly that alone could give a negative reading to HRV so he's asking could your adaptation to the exercise over time give a negative reading to your HRV if your body truly adapting the heart rate variability at very least should plateau it shouldn't necessarily decrease the example that I gave is I was testing different volumes I was improving my own cardio output so I was one mile two mile three more as soon as I hit above five and I started doing eight plus mile runs that's where I started to see the big dip now I'm back I found my five miles kind of my little sweet spot do this every single morning and then what's really great is we actually apply the machine learning to that as well so I get this little insight that says your heart rate variability is this percent better on days you put out you know more active calororic expenditure and you sleep better when you go to sleep by this time so the idea is you know definitely a you do have to calibrate it does take a while to adapt but you shouldn't see a maladaptive trend that there's no reason why you know if you're applying the right stressor the right dose recovering properly you really shouldn't see a negative decline unless there's external factors such as alcohol and things like that okay I hope that answered it I hope that that did answer it thank you Jeff for that question and we are we've come up to the end of the webinar thank you for everybody who who watched today thank you Kevin for providing us with a lot of great information and thank you as always a Kyle and today our offer for you for watching is you get to say 35 percent on the new CES course you use the code webinar 23 and this is a phone only code and that number is a eight seven seven three one eight two seven that's eight eight seven seven three one eight two seven and before we before we sign off today uh Kevin do you have any takeaways what what do we need to know the biggest thing we need to take away from this webinar today I think the the general concept is everyone's talking about training smarter not just harder everybody wants adaptation in the safest and most efficient manner possible and heart rate variability is one of these metrics that we should all be applying to our clients um it is now available it's remote monitoring it's it's scalable it's cost effective so what we need to focus on is one understanding a little bit better which is what we try to cover today and to how to build that into how to program how to periodize right uh something that we are building into our bio strap where it's going to tell you exactly what your client should do for the day but we really want the education behind that people should not be blindly following artificial intelligence algorithms around this is what you should train this is what you should you know you're busy these are the days you should relax there should be the human interaction there so what I really want to do why we're not putting our discount code up today is we want to get through all three of these webinars we want everybody to understand heart rate variability how to apply it and we're going to do some case studies on different populations and then we're going to have a great offer for you guys after that yes thank you for that and yes if you just follow the data AI just blindly sky net wins so uh Kyle what are your uh what are your takeaways today and then what's in store for us in these next two webinars um I do want to say really quickly can we go to the next slides so that way people can see the references as we're wrapping up here um so really just to build on what Kevin said use use the data available you know use the technology that we have to try to establish and maximize these patterns that are really going to promote that that optimal readiness or that optimal uh recovery and and adaptation you know I think that's one of the things as we we get stuck in our own habits we get stuck in our own patterns and we want to do this specific thing for this specific reason yet we don't really have a real rhyme or reason to do it technologies if they're a little to really start to learn more about ourselves and specifically how we respond and I know we don't have time for more stories but one of the things I learned about myself was several years ago tracking this was uh how much travel affected me and then I could really you know start to program and plan my training around my travel to make sure that I wasn't over doing it um on it was actually the day after I traveled whenever I would notice the biggest changes so just using that you know the technologies of it you know what we need to adopt it and start using it um coming up on the the other one you know one of the big ones uh the the big thing with the webinar is going to be that webinar three where we really start to look at the case studies and look at exactly how to apply to three different types of clients or athletes I think that's going to be a huge for for our listeners okay thank you again gentlemen for for sharing your information with us today and thank you Greg in the Brown for uh keeping this uh a well-oiled machine and uh we will see all uh next time webinar two on next Tuesday same time have a great afternoon everyone and be safe

=== FILE: Helping Clients Navigate Stress Eating [LRCC6aKk-kc].txt ===

Welcome back and today's world, Stress Eating is real. During times of stress, our body's crave simple carbohydrates and sugar. It's an easy, quick hit of comfort, but ultimately can derail healthy behaviors, cause weight gain, and lead to poor client adherence. So how do you help clients who struggle with excess stress and stress eating as their coping mechanism? What are helping them to eliminate the stressors altogether? You can help them with tools for stress management and also help them identify when they are turned into food as a coping mechanism. To do this, I want to introduce this concept using an acronym called Holt. Holt refers to a four-seable questions that you can ask to determine if your clients are physiologically hungry or psychologically hungry. The questions are, am I hungry, at the age, am I anxious, the A, am I lonely, the L, or am I tired, the T? You see, in only one of these situations, does the client really feel hunger? And all others, it's psychological hunger, and we might be turning to food to really help us distract or entertain ourselves. So to determine if I'm really hungry, I just simply ask myself, would I really help me choice that I normally love to eat a peeled me right now? And for me, that's usually, would grilled chicken and veggies a peeled me right now? And if the answer is no, we're then on pop-ably experiencing another emotion, and I'm really trying to run away from that feeling. Now if person is tired, research just shown that we actually try to eat ourselves awake. Studies have shown that we eat approximately 350 more calories per day when we're sleep deprived than one or not. So in any case, and only one of these situations does eating make sense. And all others really food is serving as an urge or craving. And if that's the case, you can use that strategy of urge serving and teach your clients to ride that urge wave until that feeling passes. Then again, if they still feel like maybe they want something in 15 to 20 minutes, they can use that help acronym again to determine what they might be experiencing. The more they practice the strategy, like discussed in the previous video, the more they practice riding out that urge wave, the more likely they are to unlearn that negative pattern of stress eating. Thanks for joining me.

=== FILE: Helping Clients Navigate the Snack Aisle [CvHgcF9HHj8].txt ===

Have you or your clients ever had a snack-sadent to me neither? The fact of the matter is we get a lot of calories from snacks alone. In fact, research shows that Americans eat about 25% of calories from snacks every single day. You heard that right? A quarter of all calories just from snacks. Now I'm actually not saying this is good, nor bad. The truth is it depends. You know what I mean by that? Well, it depends means there are a lot of variables around what, when and how to snack. What does snacks look like? How much of your clients eating both in volume and frequency? And why do we snack? Let's unpack this a bit more to provide real-life examples of what to look for along with some snack options and examples of actual foods. Now before we even get into that, the real question is what is a snack? Well, basically a snack is the eating occasion between traditional meals, which other find here as breakfast, lunch, and dinner. So snacking would be anything before between or after those traditional meals. Then we have to consider what is in a snack itself. As a general rule of thumb, snacks should be relatively small. Maybe a couple hundred calories or so depending on goals. And should I deal with some fiber, some protein, and some fat? Now that's not tremendously specific, and this isn't an attrition course either. So you can get a lot more in depth on this topic through articles on the NSM site, among other reputable sites as well. But that's a good general starting point. Remember protein, fiber, and fat for your snacks. Next, why do we even snack it all? Well, a recent survey found the number one reason is because people are hungry or thirsty. I could live with that. The second is craving something sweet. And the list goes on and on. But that's important information in terms of what you may suggest to a client. If they're craving something sweet, for example, a new suggestion, a handful of raw almonds, well your recommendation isn't going to stick, at least for a long. This goes back to working to understand a client's identity and how they see themselves. That may not be something that you glean from a simple conversation. But after working closely with them, it may be something you'll better understand. The snacking also fit with your client's desired outcomes. Now there are a lot of variables around this. What are their goals? What are those desired outcomes? But when you understand what the outcome goal is, of course, working through that with them, helping a client work on their process goals can include answering these questions. Why? What? How much? etc. To help them figure out the best plan to navigate the snack aisle. That's it for today. See you in the next video.

=== FILE: How Martial Arts Forged Fitness Leadership The Pete Holman Story [OD2kgiay_4A].txt ===

On today's episode of the NESM CPT podcast with me Rick Richie, I explore with the help of a special guest. How to go from being a service provider as a personal trainer to being an entrepreneur. That special guest is the Ivia 22 Leadership Award recipient and my colleague and friend, Pete Holman. So in this episode, Pete talks about his inspirations including martial arts, authors that he reads and the thinkers. And he also takes on a journey from martial arts to fitness to becoming a physical therapist to creating prototypes for fitness equipment that helps solve problems in his gym and in his practice. Then he discusses all types of motivation so that intrinsic versus extrinsic. And those external drivers like money and maybe prestige are nice but the internal drivers like mastery, purpose, connection, developing ideas that solve problems, the links to things that you're passionate about. Those are the ones that are going to take. Make sure that you like, follow, subscribe and leave a five star review. Now here's the episode from service provider to entrepreneur with my friend Pete Holman. You're listening to the NESM CPT podcast with Rick Richie, winner of the shared care Emmy Award for social storytelling and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey all and welcome to the NSM CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie and today this is one of my favorite things about doing this podcast and the job that I have and the work that I do with an SNM is I get a chance to go to conferences and share my knowledge with other people but my favorite thing outside of sharing my knowledge with people who are there to absorb is to also learn and when I go to these conferences we have some of the best speakers, some of the most interesting educators and the people that are in this industry really inspire me. And I've had the opportunity to sit in this guy's session and sit at the feet of one of the masters who does such a great job educating and passing along information but that is far from I don't know the the smallest of titles that this gentleman has the fact that I've gone to him and listened to him speaking of conference and throughout the years we've become friends and I gotta say this this is an inspiring person because there are a lot of people out there that want to do things and they're in the fitness industry and they get these great ideas like I can't wait I've got this great idea I'm going to do this thing and I'm going to create this product and I'm going to open this facility and we have all these ideas and we don't really know what to do with them so we start out as a personal trainer and we get very excited we these big ideas and we don't know what to do with them and so we stay a personal trainer and after we provide these services for so long it's either you love it or it's time to move on because we don't know how to move on within the fitness industry people fall out of the fitness industry well this guy's figured it out and I don't know how I'm here to learn to you all so I'm super happy to introduce my guest today Pete Holman what's going on Pete? Hey what's going on Doc? Hey can I just say for those of you who are on the podcast you cannot see this but the background of Pete's place right now I mean the the the the metals he's got the the Muhammad Ali picture standing over stunning list and signed by Muhammad Ali or sunny list and I don't know which signature is that is either one's good I got to be honest it's all yeah yeah okay we have that common right are are futuristic up ratings of martial arts and and that's a great way to forge character oh absolutely you got that right I mean to go along with that I have just told you before we got on I just bought a signed ever last shorts by Muhammad Ali I've got a Tyson signed glove kind of a Gregor signed glove and then other sports that I just enjoy throughout the years with a Willie May's baseball Carmelo Anthony basketball you know like I'm and I live in this tiny apartment in New York City and I just dream of the day that I get that house outside of the city but I can put my stuff up in this comment's worth it's coming brother hey Pete I love you to death man and I absolutely respect you and what you've done in this industry and I just want you to to share a little bit about you who you are some of the things that you've done so that the people have an idea of who I'm having a conversation with. Yeah so I clinically trained on the physical therapist I've got a master's of science and physical therapy from Colorado University and I graduated 97 so that was a minute ago I'm also a certified strength and conditioning specialist that's with the NSEA and but I really got involved in this industry through martial arts of all things I was working in a health club back in the early 90s and there was a take-won dough class and I would mop the courty was in a rack about court right we had like eight racking of sports this was back in the day when everybody did rack-a-ball and squash it's now they're all hit training centers which is fine but right so I'm mopping this court across from the take-won dough guys as they trained it was like a Chinese Kung Fu movie and finally one day after this went on we got their week the instructor opened the door he said why don't you put down the mop and come train with us no way and that moment changed my life forever he he didn't just figure typically open up the door to a new type of sport that I had never been introduced to but he literally opened up the door and said get your butt in here let's go and I was actually a really good athlete I played baseball soccer football basketball across I grew up in Colorado I wanted to be a professional ski racer an extreme ski racer and just nothing really clicked and I developed very late my graduated early from high school and I just was bummed out that I never really found my sport and it wasn't until I was 20 years old I get exposed to martial arts and because I'd played soccer and I was a really good soccer player I was really good with my feet and so the coach would show me something and I'd kind of replicate a front snap kick or a side kick or a turning kick and he was just his jaws on the floor and he's like how are you doing these kicks most people will take some six nine months to learn this kick and I said well when you're used to kicking a soccer ball running down the field at full speed and you know you got a pass a crumming across the center it's really challenging and I was good at that so anyhow I just grabbed hit it towards martial arts and two years later would you believe it I would test it for my black belt and a year later I was on the US National Tech One Do Team and I was crazy to me I have years later I was the team captain at the World Championships and same peers for Russia and it just to this day I've to pinch my feet and I'm like what is happening so but the point about martial arts is this is that because I wanted to be the best on the mat or in the ring at any given day I figured out I had to learn about my body I had to learn how to train that strength out of condition how to get better agility and mobility and speed and power and effective mass and so that's what got me interested in personal training and studying my first certification was from ace I was an ace or a professional trainer and I learned about plyometrics and and all this stuff that helped me on the mat now the downside of martial arts and competing at a high level as you know Rick is your constantly injured kick to the ribs so I started trying to understand physical therapy and rehab medicine and at one point I had a pre-series knee injury I went to a physical therapist and she was so amazing and she understood anatomy and and biomechanics at a level that I just blew my mind and I said oh I'm pretty deficient and understanding how the body moves and and that physiology the body I need to take my training to the next level and that's what inspired me to become a physical therapist so really my whole career I owed to martial arts and and that one foundational moment when the guys said hey put them up down and come train with us that's really I got I'm very similar man like I don't think I would be in the fitness industry at all if I had not started martial arts and the fact is my martial arts teacher was an ace certified personal trainer and and so he would teach us martial arts but while he was doing it he would teach anatomy he would say okay this is this muscle this is that muscle and so for me I started when I was 14 which is still kind of a late start for people who are competing these days I mean you started 14 you're behind the curve you started at 20 so that is that's a prodigy into itself probably I know I know I a lot of people don't know that it's just really hard to start late because it's not in your blood it's not in brain you know a lot of these athletes now they grow in a gym yeah with their parents you know or whatever training and my daughter's playing volleyball now at the division in one level and she started club very late and it's very interesting because there's all this debate about early specialization and during my coil talks a lot about this and I know John Macdonald talks about this but early especially specialization is theoretically not that great however you can start to dabble in something and develop some skill and acquire the intelligence not just that criticism but understanding the game so volleyball very technical game a boxing kickboxing MMA very technical and precise and you have to have some reps at that or you're not going to get good so early on I think it's good at least dabble in it and then certainly play other sports but I didn't have that luxury so I did the best I could but hey better late than never now you know that's right I also want to say this and this is fun for the the people who are listening the first textbook that I ever read for personal training was from the American Council on exercise I've got an ace book because the trainer at the gym was like oh here I got this one you can read the textbook and I read it cover to cover and I was getting ready to sign up to take my ace certification and then the gym said hey we got this discount for NASN and I was like I don't know what that is but it would like it would save me like $30 over the the ace certification and I was broke and I was like for $30 I'll read a whole another textbook and you know fast forward from 2002 when I got my certification to now 2025 still NASN certified been working with NASN I'm I'm I'm in my 20th year so or yes well I'll I'll hit my 20 years of working with NASN and I don't know six months or so wow congratulations and what a wonderful culture that you and your team have built you know and that's one of the things there's multiple businesses I know you have competitors out there but it's about the culture and and I'm speaking to your you know Victorian guard up there all the NASN certified trainers and specialists you guys are doing amazing things in the industry and we owe a huge debt of gratitude to you because you guys are the future like I'm getting to be a dinosaur here so I'm gonna pass it on right and get these people upskilled here yeah man no doubt no doubt listen you and I had a little conversation I don't know if you remember as a years ago so I had just come back from a trip to Japan and and this is what made me think of it just my coffee mug that I have right now is beautiful and it's from from Japan from Kyoto and and I think I remember talking to you about it and you had said it's my favorite thing about Japan I probably ever heard and I use it all the time now you said going to Japan is like taking a masterclass in graciousness and I don't know if you remember that but it was like such a special thing because I felt that from my my soul because I just gotten back from there when I had received the 2022 personal trainer of the year award from my idea and you are on the stage that same day receiving the idea 2022 leadership award so that was a big that was a big moment for both of us yeah and you know that's I mean unfortunately that's something we've lost to some extent and our culture and in our society is just that that graciousness I think this is not to heart and back to martial arts but when you start at least in the Orthodox school I started in the tech window and that's very orthodox so it's yes sir no man you're respectful of everybody not just your senior elders but even if there's a kid that's 10 years old but they're a higher belt than you kind of relish in that and you say and it's just there's a huge baseline foundation layer of respect and gratitude and servitude that you don't necessarily see in this day and day so you know hopefully we can all kind of get back to that at some point because we're all here to learn we're here to grow we're here to help others and to be honest one of your goals and I'm saying you me anybody's goal in life should be actualizing their human potential so bringing the best out yourself but so that you can help positively impact other people and help them act wise they're human potential and boy does that raise the whole thing up I feel that very much rising tight right rising tight let's raise all ships with that being said I want to I want to shout you out not just for you know the the amazing things and the accelerated path through martial arts into some some glory that you received there as a competitive martial artist and on into physical therapy but you you provided service right so you were a service provider just like personal trainers are we provide services and I think it's it's very important because what I see and what we talked about just a moment before we jumped on the the air here is you mentioned you personal trainers providing service but they don't see themselves a lot of times it's entrepreneurs or they don't see themselves as a business person or developing a personal brand around who they are and what they do and and I always said about U.P. is that you know jealousy is not the right word I think I'm more in awe of the direction that you've gone in in the industry where it's like hey I've got an idea and I'm going to paten it and find a manufacturer and I'm going to create something and I'm going to open my own business and I'm going to now take that and say okay I've done it once I bet I can do it again and again and again I'm like dang it stop being so successful P. Yeah let's somebody else do it tell us a little bit about your your journey and then share with us kind of this conversation that we had about going from that service provider into building a brand of being an entrepreneur. Yeah well let me start backwards because you had mentioned Connor McGregor and one of my favorite quotes of all the time as Connor McGregor is sitting down as golf stream airplane right and there's somebody that could be a really bad quote latest in job. This is Connor McGregor. No this is the G-rated version okay okay. Camera pants on and he says you're such a great businessman and he says I'm not a businessman I'm a businessman and there you go it's a James. Are you talking baby? If me goose bumps yes it's how you frame it up. One person is there to serve and provide and and petal products the other the other is creating a personal brand out of yourself to create a global business. Now you might think I can be a global business. Well if you develop an app you can touch people all over the world. That's right. If you write a book even if it's an ebook you can touch people on all seven continents. If you develop a product that that products in South Africa and Ireland in South Palo Brazil you can have products all over even if you open up your own gym or a boaty training studio or a planning studio or a yoga studio people come in from out of town and they use your services and you've now impacted somebody from across the globe. So I think the framework is you can't think of yourself as a business man or business woman you have to think of yourself as a personal brand and business. So that's the spring more now it's easy to say after 30 years and I can reflect on that. But when I was starting out you're kind of like man I'm just trying to get day to day pay my bills maybe move out of my shitty apartment excuse my French in Aspen Colorado is subtraining apartment with 200 square feet and I'm trying to move into a better apartment and then maybe one day I'm trying to buy a little condo or tunnel and then maybe one day I'm trying to buy a house and when you're in it it's hard to think five years down the road 10 years down the road but I'm telling you as a personal trainer what happens is you get old fast and I mean I'm just saying like those 5 AM clients that I used to have in my 20s and 30s that were like this is fun this is exciting you get your coffee you're like let's go it's time to rock the music's turned up now that long goes off at 445 or something and you're in your 40s and your 50s it's a different story and so you have to have something to fall back on too and and thankfully I found thankfully I get frustrated easily and when I get frustrated I want to create a solution to my frustration because that seems logical to me and said it just continually getting frustrated right that's the definition of insanity just keep doing the same thing so I started getting frustrated with certain things in the fitness industry like I'd go into my physical therapy clinic and Aspen Colorado and there was stuff strewn all over the place I could never find a phone roller or the Vosu ball or my elastic resistance cords or the medicine balls or the tilt boards so I created something that was my first product ever you probably don't even know about this Rick it was called a functional training rack and it was like a medicine ball rack on steroids so I had a medicine ball rack but it was tilted at a pretty severe angle and underneath you could store tilt boards and then on the top of the rack there were little antennas that had jay hooks you could hang elastic resistance cords on there and then there was little cans that came out the side you could put phone rollers in there and then I even had these little round hoops that came off the side and you could put stability balls so it was kind of like one organization rack for all your functional training gear that every physical therapy clinic had and every you know small boutique training studio has all this stuff and it was brilliant the problem was I launched it in like 2008 and for for you young bucks in 2008 2009 we had a little dip in the economy we certainly did in other words like the earth man has well been struck by a large meteor I mean oil prices went up gas prices went up we came five and a half six bucks a gallon for gas and Aspen steel prices went up China was building arenas for the Olympics and they they imported all the steel it was just a nightmare once or a short I walked away I gave all my product to perform better which is a distribution catalog and online distributor of fitness gear and I just walked away with my tail between my legs but I learned some valuable lessons and it was kind of the school of hard knocks I felt like I had an MBA from Stanford in two years of doing a business that literally failed and granted I lost you know a lot a lot of money at that time for me but I gained the tremendous amount of knowledge and then the next product I had was an asymmetrical bar training device which has just keeps iterating itself and you if you guys have ever used a T-Rex rip trainer or a golf rubber swing trainer or a rip core effects or a core 10 trainer that was my invention that was my attempt at bringing rotational training to personal trainers and sports performance experts and athletes and asymmetrical bar training was born and that was back in 2010 and I had to play since my original product T-Rex and then after that kind of ran it's course I then licensed my product and we kind of iterated on it and now it's being used by golf forever which is a brand a big golf brand endorsed by Scotty Sheffler at one of the the best golfers in the world so it's that's the product just keeps kind of giving and reinventing itself and but the point is at some point in your fitness journey you got to start thinking outside the box and what do I want to do next and maybe it's in that maybe it's a book maybe it's your own studio maybe it's a franchise maybe it's a product but you want to have these conversations with your friends or families your coworkers with yourself and start to you know start to write some stuff down some goals you know it's interesting there was some psychologists back in the day lock late them in lock I believe they're names were and they did work on productivity and they said in their findings you're 11% to 25% more productive when you write your goals down now you guys have heard this eight billion times but I'm telling you there's research right here so this is eight billion and one time the guys you know it's your goals count start to you know draft this stuff out on paper and start to actualize your potential but if you know Emmett Smith used to say this a dream is just a dream until you're right at down once you're right it down there's some tangible thing there and there's famous athletes from the Olympics that have written their goals down every single day the numbers they want to reach the I'm actually doing this right now I'm about to compete in a couple months in a right no well no just if for my age group for concept two has these annual ski or challenge oh yeah yeah but there's rankings there's worldwide rankings I mean people from Germany from Iceland from Norway from you know all over the world do these challenges and so you can see how you how you fare against like aged people all over the world so I'm preparing for this my point is I'm writing down my times I'm writing down okay what's my goal for next week what's my goal for three weeks and then by the time I get six weeks out this is sometime in mid november that the challenges I will be in a position to actually you know execute on these on these goals and and make them a reality so you know that's a mouthful but you got to start thinking beyond your personal training career and what's next I will say that there is a lot of value when it comes to failing at things and I think there are a lot of people who are afraid to do something because they are afraid to fail and you know let's not dilute ourselves in any way fail your cost money so but but I think one of the important things that you said is you know the school of hard knocks master's degree and two years for what it is that you did you learn a lot the education that you got from the failure of this first venture turned into I've navigated it already I've explored it did not do it successfully but I have a better idea better concept in a more comfortable environment than certainly 2008 2009 and it's to me make sense you've probably dabbled a little bit came up with the ideas and had people try some iteration of it in your own clinic and your own practice and you're like there's no doubt this is this is a winner this is a plus it's gonna happen and then said okay let me go let me reach back out to my manufacturer my prototype or and all of that stuff so that you can get the ball rolling and do your best to put your own money and your own concepts out there to do round two ding ding ding and let's see if we can get up off the mat well two things you touched on that I want to double down on number one you you mentioned failing and maybe we can reframe that Rick so what if instead of saying failing like you said later just the school of hard knocks when you do something hard you're putting yourself in a position to have a level of success there's a there's a famous flow state expert name Stephen Coler and he talks about flow state and he says when you do hard things over and over again and then you have some let up of success there's hormones that are released in your body this is this is actual physiology dopamine serotonin oxytocin and door fins the all this all this stuff it's literally like taking a drug you don't get it unless you attempt something hard and then have a little bit of success and you know I'm learning the guitar right now that's my big soky you know I don't know if you guys know Jesse it's slur he talks about every year it's very challenging or hard or scary or audacious and and learning a new skill or you know sticking your neck out there and so this year I'm trying to learn how to play lead guitar I've kind of dabbled in guitar for years now and I just I've never I'm not that good I've never really you know it's like 15 minutes here 10 minutes there and this year I'm like you know what I'm learning to play guitar and I wrote down the goal and I wrote I want to play live which I just did I want to play me anymore I want to learn certain air, clap and soul is all this stuff and so you know that's that's the big thing but I fail a little riff 10 times 20 times 30 times the 31st time I do it I'm like wait wait a minute wait a minute I think I got it or that was real close and you can feel it it's like a rush of adrenaline and it's addictive and the problem is most people they'll play that riff 25 times and then they give they say I'm never going to get it this isn't for me this is too hard this is too challenging so the key is this repetitive you know not failing but doing hard work and getting the reward and if you think back to any time this goes for anybody listening close your eyes for a second think back to any time in your life maybe it's getting through school maybe it's studying for your nasum test and taking it maybe it's going through a relationship breakup but there's light on the other side maybe it's changing jobs or careers or studios that you work at maybe it's learning a martial art or a musical instrument everything that is worthwhile is worth challenging yourself to overcome the adversity on and every time I think back to my martial arts testing for my black belt I think to graduating from a master's program in physical therapy not the sharpest shed and you know tool in the shed but I did it somehow by the way I was training and competing on the US team while I was in graduate school I mean I'd come back from a tournament the Pan Am Games in Canada with with 20 scar 20 stitches over my eyebrow and I learned the show I've been class with on Monday I'd have a neuro test and I looked white and yellow and I was trying to take my neurology test and the teacher actually had you know grace on me to say why don't you come back to tomorrow I'm just giving it a day or two I got you but everything I've done getting married having a child training for these little you know events that that put me out my comfort zone everything that I've ever achieved in my life that's been meaningful has come out of cost and that's what it's all about so you can't it's like the universal paradox you can't have success you can't have enjoyment you can't have that feeling of a steam and accomplishment without going through the grip that's a 100% all right ladies and gentlemen this episode of the NASM CPT podcast is brought to you by NASM 1 the membership for trainers and coaches because members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources get that edge app to schedule and program clients enjoy half off all certifications and specializations access to free CEUs and more all of this for just $35 a month come on go to nasm.org slash membership to learn more about NASM 1. All right I'm here with my friend Pete Holman and I don't know if you've picked up on the energy but there's a lot that's emanating out right now and I am here for it and I'm so happy to be able to talk to him about what he's been through what those successes look like and what are those things that let's say failure so the thing the learning curve that it takes to get to some of those successes the grit that it takes to go through and Pete mentioned Jesse Itzler and he's to train at a gym that Jesse trained out of and he and his cousin would come in and they would work like monsters they were they I mean it was a residential gym and then you know everybody's kind of easy going to residential gym and all the sudden it was like a CrossFit studio in there where they were box jump in and they were burpying across the thing and then David Goggins shows up and then you thought there was crazy at first now it's crazy or there's a lot of or a lot of crazy or at the end of that it got wild and then I even had a chance to do a session with Jesse and taking through a workout so it was probably nap time after having gone through a month with David Goggins training but we got through it we did it together and much respect to him because the mindset that that guy has is so delightful if you guys don't follow Jesse Itzler J. E. S. S. E. E. E. E. E. Itzler on on his social media platforms you should check him out because he is he is a lot inspiring and one thing that I may like to do one day is do his Everest challenge and I don't know I peat you look like you know what it is so for those of you who don't know what Jesse Itzler's Everest challenge is he's got a home I think and Connecticut that he and his wife have and their bazillion kids and what he does is he said you know I I don't have the time to go climb Everest and they he could certainly make that time he was like but what I do is I practice for it by going up and down the hill in my backyard and what you go up it a hundred odd times then that equals how many times you would go up Everest and then he started inviting people to it and they do an Everest climb where you climb to the top of Everest on his hill at his house in Connecticut and from what I've heard since then he's going to start doing an iteration of that in different places throughout the country and I think that would be pretty dope thing to take part in. Yeah that's great and you mentioned his mindset I think it's valuable for anybody he was you don't know who he is he's kind of this white Jewish guy who was a rapper. Yep and I mean come on like you can't make the stuff up he thinks he's going to be a professional rapper and get success and somehow I want to say he licensed the song to the York Nix baby. York Nix and New York and and the song kind of took off and all the sudden this kid was on the map he's you know I don't know 18 years older 19 years old and the next thing you know he's doing business deals he's flying around he has some interest in flying in his jets because he's doing stuff and he hands up starting a company called Markey Jet which is a private jet service for people that want to fly kind of like one step above first class and and then he just kept iterating himself he's just a tremendous businessman but his mindset is that of I will not be denied I will succeed I am the man and you look at him most of us can't do this when you look in the mirror a lot there's a lot of negative chatter right even for myself sometimes I look at the mirror oh my gosh another great here oh I hope you would today gosh is that a wrinkle you know man I feel tired today like that's not the dialogue you want to have repeating your head what you want to have and your head is like hey man today is a great day to achieve the impossible yeah I feel exquisite today some bigs can happen today I can't put my finger on it but I feel the energy I feel the vibrational sources swirling around me today is my day it is my time let's have a go like that you have if you if you believe in yourself people who else is gonna believe in you I mean maybe you've got a coach or you pay somebody to train that that is that cheerleader but after that hour goes you you're back home right you're on your own and you're on your own so you have to be your home best cheerleader in your own amp or pump up guy hype guy and Jesse does this better than anybody and that's one of his messages he constantly talks about that stuff so you know let's go you know what I love about him too as he says you know I only have so many summers left to visit my kids I only have so many weekends to do this I only have so many quarters of a year to get something done and he and he's not there's no illusions about you know how long life is right and as we get older that becomes more and more clear and he at an early age was like I know that we have limits on what it is that we can accomplish in life and so he you know has got this big calendar that he works with so you can see what are your goals what are you going to reach what are you going to accomplish what are you going to do that's pretty epic that it doesn't even have to cost money but you need to go do something epic once a year and anyway this mindset is I'm so appreciated and you know I'm I'm over here and I'm hustling in my way and I'm trying to to do work in the conferences and train clients and you know build the businesses with the gyms and you know I get caught up in that and forget to take a break sometimes forget to take time away and and do things and take the family somewhere and experience life outside of that and that's that's not the type of parent I want to be and same thing with taking time out to go see my folks while I still have them and that's an important thing we do over the holidays every year and a couple years ago is like that can't be a once a year thing you know for me for me that's I've got to to take another opportunity just even if it's a long weekend or something like that to go fly down the Alabama and see my folks well and you've touched on something really interesting that I think might be valuable to people out there there's this illusion that and a constant talking point that it's all about balance life is about balance it's all about and yes but guess what it's really not life isn't balanced you know it's facing so I like to reframe balance and defyzes and so what what you can't always do is have this perfect balance now you'll hear entrepreneurs talk about this and they say oh yeah you got to be perfect balance well they're multi-caselline errors yeah free homes yeah oh you could be balanced when you got a housekeeper and you got a kid you know daycare and you got this and that and you got everything handed to you they're not handed to you but at your disposal yes after you're just having it's going near young and you're hungry and you're starting a family you're starting a business you're starting a practice you've got personal goals you got family you've got all these responsibilities it feels like a 500 pound gorilla on your back and it doesn't feel balanced but you do as you look at your life and phases and you say you know what for the next three weeks here are my goals I am going to crush it by the way people write down tons of goals I'm a rule of three's guide I all I can think about is three things like hey what are the next three big buckets I've got a new business it's called the glute slide it's a new product I'm very excited about the glute slide I don't know if you've been on one yet Rick but it's a great you know training modality for personal training gym sports performance centers at home and anyhow there's tons of stuff I want to do but what happens is it gets lost in the memory and so I just pull out three buckets and I say if I can accomplish these three things and the next three weeks hey I'm on track and then after three weeks depending on what I accomplish I have another three goals but maybe it's this for three weeks I'm going to crush my business I'm going to start I'm going to write down my goals I'm going to double down on customer service and focus on work and then the last week I'm going to make a special effort to pour into my family so maybe it's two or three day nights instead of one day night with your with your significant maybe it's instead of taking your kids out to the park on Sunday three times that week again roll three times that week I'm going to go we're going to go ice cream on Tuesday we're going to go to the to the zoo on Thursday and in Sunday we're doing some special we're going to hike up in the mountain and so you focus on family and now all of a sudden it's still not balanced it's three weeks to one week but the kids in your your family feels like wow he's really pouring into me and they could hold on to that memory and that experience for a few weeks and then hopefully at some point you do get to the point where you're flying in your marquee jet and you're like yeah I have for my family so yeah that's hilarious I love that so much let's let's dig a little bit deeper for these personal trainers that are listening before we sign off if I'm a personal trainer and I've been providing services and I want to figure out what's my what's next what are what are your suggestions to them as they're like I see what you do I see what what Rick's done and I I want more out of my training business what's my what's next what do you have and in kind of teet up where you can say well this is where you are as a service provider this is how you move into entrepreneurship yeah and there's no textbook on this right now I go back to my my flow state expert I'm reading this book part of the impossible by Stephen Colour and honestly like the first three chapters I just keep reading those over and over again they're so money and he talks about intrinsic drivers so what most people do is they start with extrinsic drivers so I want to do car I want to house I want to cash I want to I want to be in the spotlight I want to speak at these top conferences like Rick Richie and Pete home in and I want to I want to start a new bit and I there's external drivers what you want to do is focus on intrinsic drivers so curiosity what are you curious about what get you excited what makes you think and ponder what what's a problem in the industry that you want to solve like curiosity passion again what are you what do you wake up with a burning desire to do so maybe you're training right now and you're doing general fitness and you're doing you know general populations but maybe you train somebody that is rehabbing from an ACL and there's six months out and they've been cleared and you see this is really interesting I'm talking to their personal their physical therapists I've been talking to their doctor I've been communicating I've been reading up on ACL recovery I want to maybe specialize and I want to take a little tangent well guess what when you specialize in something you're now an expert in that you charge more money well you can start to grow a business in organic ways that you're not trying that hard but you're passionate about it and who knows maybe at some point now you have an app on how to recover from an ACL injury curiosity passion and then purpose what gives you what gives you value in your life again if you're not if there's not a value to you and your system you know I could go I could probably sell washers and dryers you know because I'm a pretty decent salesman but that doesn't give me purpose that doesn't to me and bella shandy but it's like you got clean clothes but it doesn't really when I sell a glued slide to a small training studio and and nor for Virginia and they they come back to me on social media and say oh my gosh all my clients whether they've had a hip replacement or there are high level high school athlete they're all using this they're loving it they're they're getting better my trainers love it it's a new modality it's made the gym brighter place it's easier to do my job and run the gym I can attract more members that makes me feel my heart full right it gives me you got it you got to have purpose and then obviously autonomy you you want to you don't want somebody be telling you what to do and a lot of times we'll get that because you know somebody will ask you hey doctor Rick what should I be doing and then you know you're trying your best so you tell them what to do well that's what you think they should do not what they want to do they there's gotta be autonomy so they have to choose or maybe their spouse is pushing them into well you you open up one gym you really need to open up another gym and the person's saying you know what I'm really into an app right now I feel like I could could kind of spread my wings a little bit more than app and have some creativity and I can reach more people you gotta be autonomous and then here's the one the kicker so we got curiosity passion purpose autonomy these are all keys to flow state everybody wants to get in flow whether you're an athlete or your business person flow state is is the key it's like the Bruce Lee not just the unconscious right you're just reacting you're responding you're so good at what you do everything seems the door seemed to open for you the last of these intrinsic drivers is mastery self mastery and this is what people don't want to do so they want to open up a gym a private studio because they've been training in another studio and they're giving half of their earnings to somebody else which is fine because that's where you start and it will your clients and boy did that business owner give you a sheltered place with all this cool equipment and good music to train it but now you've been doing that for five years so maybe you want to open up your own gym and now you've been watching and you've got your own model well mastery means I got to now do a profit lost statement I got a right a business plan I got a research all the equipment and literally right down how much is it going to cost for each piece of equipment I've got to figure out what's my brand going to be what's my logo going to be what's my mission and my vision how what's the model going to be what's systems that I'm going to employ in this nobody wants to do all the hard work they just want to have this vision of oh wouldn't be cool to have a gym I just need to go to the university we give me a quarter million dollars and I'm up and running it doesn't work like that you've got to master your environment and this is why I think most people fail us because they write down a great concept on a napkin which is where all minds start and you mentioned earlier how does your process work it starts on an napkin I just saw the problem but then you've got to prototype you have to build now an opening a gym maybe the prototype is a 3D rendering or a graphic design or maybe it's a business deck a business plan that's 20 pages of and depth how the gyms can look and feel and operate and everything that's going to be in there you've done this Ricky you know it's easy you think oh it's easy no it's not and then you start crunching numbers and you got to figure out how much do I need to make what is my base membership how much do I need to train the charts the trainers etc etc all this work is the self mastery and if you look at anybody that's had success you know this is in Malcolm Gladwell's tipping point he studied the beatles from 1960 to 1964 played thousands of gigs at this bar in hamper Germany and everybody thought the Beatles were this amazing type band and they were all prodigies no they played like seven hours a night seven yeah remember that people for four year straight and then all said they had a mast over ten thousand hours of practice time now granted the first few hundred hours you think it was awesome and they they probably had some moments and then it probably had some string spray and you know off key tones and oh I played the wrong chord and the timing was off but boy you start to get that seven eight nine ten thousand hour mark all said man they're tight they mastered their crap and in order to have flow in order to launch a business in order to be a high level athlete in order to be successful at anything you've got to have these intrinsic drivers and you got to the final one is self mastery and that's the hard stuff that nobody wants to do but I believe in you you can do it I love it I feel like there was a lot of like a Ryan and DJ self determination theory built into that some Daniel Pink who talks about this and mastery and relatedness and competency and autonomy and purpose these are incredibly valuable concepts and I have so much gratitude for you for taking time out of your day to share with me and the audience here to inspire and to light a fire underneath us certainly underneath me to be like I can probably do more I can probably amp up a little bit and get some work done so before we sign off Pete can you let people know where they can find you where they can find any of the products that you have you have a website like share that let's see if you can even get some business out of this yeah so and if you need to contact me by the way I love helping people that are up and comeers and but I might ask some stuff of you so find that on Instagram at Pete home and one the number one HOL MN Pete home and one on Instagram I think that's my Twitter account also I'm also on Facebook at Pete home and one and and then also on LinkedIn but my website is pH one pH one the number one performance dot com peach one performance dot com and you can kind of learn a little bit more about me and I've got all my products up there the novice glue drive the glue slide the golf forever swing trainer the escape bureau it's all up there you can check it out and feel free to reach out with any questions comments or concerns my man dude thank you so much for spending time with me and if for those of you listening who made it to the end of this episode because it is a little bit longer and then we usually go but how could you not keep going when you got somebody is inspiring it's Pete talking to you on the other end I hope that you got out of this some inspiration and it helps to give a little bit of drive we go from being that service provider to the what's next what else what else is out there for me and we didn't just talk about that we talked about what are some who are some inspiring people that guide and and develop the way that we think and the mindset that helps to push you into that business owner that brand person that person who thinks about life and the way that we can develop our business that fits into our like these kind of things matter and somebody like Pete is here to inspire us to do those so thank you a shout out to him shout out to you if you enjoyed that episode please like subscribe share with your fitness friends and family and leave a review those things really help people find the podcast and more people find us than the more we're able to provide content you want to reach out to me you could do so on instagram you go who could be up DR dot Rick Richie or you can email me Rick dot Richie and any of them that or you'll keep inspiring people to fitness thanks for listening this is the NASM CPT podcast

=== FILE: How To Build A Plate [BvElAC8tEGE].txt ===

Alright, so now we've touched on how habits are created and the power of tiny habits. Let's actually specifically look at some examples using nutrition and the way these clients can build their own plates to meet their needs. And or their sense of identity. First, when we think about a plate, it's important to stress the nutrition is not black and white. Clients want it to be and let's be honest, it will be so easy for us to simply give people those nutrition rules. Eat this, don't eat that. But there's much more nutrition than what to eat or not to eat. What if you're out with coworkers or friends? You're at a social event or it's a big holiday and you're surrounded by different foods and alcohol. All of these things can make it a challenge to continue to achieve what a clients are working towards. That said, let's simply look at what a plate could look like and to allow you to better talk to clients about their eating situation. So what we have here is a general plate. And now this recommendation is in specifically low-car, low-fat vegan, gluten-free or anything. It's a way to balance your plate that can meet the needs of most clients and allow for personalization since no one diet is universal. Okay, getting back to this plate. So here we have this plate. I'm going to have you imagine that's divided in half. Now what half of that plate at each meal to be some kind of produce, fruits, vegetables, etc. And this is where the personalization gets into it. So what a client's like, dislike. Okay, if they don't love strawberries for example, that's not a great recommendation. So figuring out with them what they can fill up that plate with. And now let's be honest, that might be way off the charts for them. Most people eat about two or so servings of total fruits and vegetables a day. Now I'm saying half a plate with produce, that might be a pretty big leap for them. So figuring out where they are, meeting them where they are and starting small is important. Okay, so we have half the plate is filled. The other half of the plate now can be divided into two corners. One quarter should be some kind of green. Kind of green, quinoa, brown rice, white rice, oats, depending on what you're making or eating. Pasta, fero, there's tons of options there. The last quarter of the plate should be some kind of protein. Okay, so about what fits in the palm of your hand. The thickness inside of the palm of your hand could be a little bigger than that. It should be protein. And that could be an animal-based protein, chicken turkey fish, pork, meat, whatever. One of those options or others, others out there as well. Or there's other non-animal options. It's eggs, tofu, beans, this combination of these things, beans and rice together. Lots of different options. So again, it doesn't have to be just an animal-based diet, doesn't have to be a vegetarian diet, some combination or even more important than that, talking and working with your client to see what would best fit their needs and their desires. That's particularly important when we start to get into the personalization of this. Right? Again, what fruits and vegetables do they like and do they think they can enjoy on a consistent basis? And I keep saying fruits and vegetables, you know, keep in mind a lot of times people clients train or say that I've heard bananas or hines sugar or mangoes or whatever it may be. I'm here to say that I've been a dietitian about 20 years now and I can assure you I've never talked to someone and be like, you know what? It's the blueberries. If we could just scale back on those, you're skyrocketing success. It doesn't work like that. All produces amazing, enjoy it on the regular. And then again, allow for some flexibility. What greens do they like? Don't they like? Mixing and matching to meet them where they are? Along with providing some quality suggestions, so they can make this work for them. You're out with coworkers, you're out of the social event. Well, how can you generally estimate how a plate may be broken up? There's so many different options. Again, we don't always eat off the plate either, right? So it's personalization. Maybe it's your beta smoothie. So how would you break down that smoothie? Well, you have the protein powder, you made it with milk, put some fruit in there. So figuring out and talking with your clients, the ball, we eat it a ball sometimes. It's a ball of cereal. Well, you have the milk for protein, the cereal for the grain. You put some fruit on top. So we can mix and match to make this work for our clients. Nutrition is in black and white. And again, our job is to help them figure out what can work for them, figuring out their identity and how they can best fuel their bodies. Here's an example of someone I worked with. So I worked with a professional athlete and she traveled a little over 300 days a year. Yes, I said over 300 days a year. When I was talking to her, she had mentioned that she was not going to be home again for the next two months, not in her own home for two more months. That means she was going to be flying in planes all night, many nights across the world on a consistent basis. Thinking about how I talked to her about nutrition, it's going to vary a lot from someone who is a stayed home mom or dad, for example, or even just someone who works in traditional, come in nine to five job. Right? So we need to think about their personalization, working with clients to meet their needs to meet their desires and really then ultimately helping them get to that outcomes they want. So there you have it. We think about how to build a plate as an easy way to think about these tiny habits over time. Making that plate work may not be an overnight switch and having breakfast lunch in dinner, right? But over time, what you want to get to is aiming for that goal for your clients to best serve themselves and get their desired outcomes. We'll see you in the next video.

=== FILE: How to Help Clients with Nutrition Habits [KbC3I8uC3lc].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and live. My name is Prentice. I'm here with Crann Caramore from more results. And today we're going to talk about how COVID-19 has shaped nutrition and exercise habits. Thank you both for joining us today for this webinar. Before we begin, can you tell us just a little bit more about yourselves and your business? Yeah absolutely. That's actually having us great to be here. So our business, our backgrounds are in exercise physiology, both of us are PhDs in exercise physiology. And I'm also a dietitian. And we work a lot with corporations and companies and helping them and individuals kind of hard there there well being challenged, whatever that may be. Helping with nutrition habits, exercise habits as well. Yeah and so my background is in psychology and then all of my work has really been in taking the principles that we know around exercise physiology, around getting people to be more active, to change their nutrition habits. How do you actually apply that so that it becomes sustainable? So it becomes lifelong and that's really been my passion. And so I get all neat depth on how we form new habits and what we do to really support them. So it's fun to be here and to have this conversation today. Well thank you for, thank you again, thank you for joining us. And why don't we just get started because I'm interested to hear just to learn about your philosophies, having going through a lot of what you've written about it right now. So why don't we just talk about what, how has this situation changed us? I know for myself, sometimes it's a struggle to keep up with the regular routine now that everything's changed. So what can you tell us, doctors, what are we going through? How can we manage this time? Yeah and so I think it's really cool because right now all of us are in this immersion experience right? So just a short 10 weeks ago we were living life very, very differently. And when we normally look at changing behaviors, it's sort of a gradual process because it's hard. We have these behaviors and habits we've been doing for 20, 30 years and so they've been formed and the routine and we don't even think about them. And yet in this experience we've had just almost overnight people drastic in doing things different. We've been changing hands relentlessly all day long for 20 seconds at a time. We're avoiding catching our face. We're sheltering in place. And so we see that we can do it when the motivation is high, when there's a strong reason to change our habits we can do it. But then we're also finding ourselves without that normal routine and things that we're used to relying on and those have just kind of disappeared overnight. Yeah, absolutely. And from a nutrition and exercise standpoint, just very basic. We've seen how that's changed as well. There's some interesting data on nutrition and how snacking is increased and alcohols increased from an exercise standpoint. You know, initially, often just talking to people, maybe it's just in our circle, look, I'm getting so much more activity. I'm walking all the time. But then the surveys and data shows that's not necessarily the case across the board that we aren't all using all this free time to go out and start moving. So it's interesting seeing, like I said, how we've shifted overnight, essentially, but are we using that in our best interest? That can, can we talk about that a little bit more? Because I found myself in the same situation, the these extraordinary times called for extraordinary action. And at the very beginning, I was extremely motivated to do all of these things. And then as the weeks kind of meandered on, I found it a little bit harder to keep up. It felt like, honestly, since both of you all are athletes and you understand that, it felt like I was doing a powerlifting every day now that we were on one the into it. So how do you manage, how do you manage someone like that, who's very motivated in the beginning, but the longer the situation goes on and the longer time we spend a way from our routines, motivation is hard to keep at a high level. What do we do in that situation? Yeah. And so I think that that's real. We have to honor the fact that we are all to some degree in this sense of quarantine fatigue right now where we're like, oh, I thought like I was ramping up. I was prepared to make radical change and you know, use this free time to, you know, Marie condo my lifestyle to get you know, totally fit to improve my diet and start baking and cooking at home. And now I'm like, oh, it's brown hot day. And it feels a lot different and a lot harder. And so I think what we have to do is a first honor where we are, the fact that that is real. And then we also have to begin to look at, okay, well, let's just assume we're going to be doing this for an extended period of time. What do I need to feel my best each and every day? And instead of trying to find this radical and this extreme amount of motivation to amp up and change everything, what can I do and choose to control each and every day? What are the choices that I can make that are actionable that will make me feel better and that are within my power rather than trying to ramp up and preparing for extreme changes? Yes, so that that sounds like we're going to get into new habit forming. So before we go down that path, can you explain to everyone who's listening? What exactly is a habit and how does that, I mean, how does that influence our daily actions? Yeah. So I think, I think one of the things, first we have to understand is that our brain wants everything to be really efficient, which is why we do what we do. So our brain wants to automate as much as possible so that we can save and preserve our precious resources for the really important things, for different mental processing, for problem solving, for the things that really count. So all of our choices that we make over and over again, our brain is always looking for patterns that it can kind of say, okay, we put this on the fast track. How can we make it? So we don't even have to think about these individual steps and just skip along as fast as possible. So when we understand that, we really, it becomes really important to begin the look at how we choose to move through each and every day. The choices we may day after day after day, because any time we start to repeat those, our brain is going, oh, look at this pattern. Do we need to make a super high rate so we can conduct this really fast and we don't even have to to think about it? So that's why I think COVID-19 in the past 10 weeks really puts us in really tricky times is because when our routines get dismantled, we're inevitably creating new routines day and day out. And so if it used to be that you would wake up first thing in the morning and go to the gym and work out and now your gym is closed, you're now creating a whole new pattern that your brain's going, all right, how do we how do we fast track this? So if your new pattern is then to lay and bed and scroll through social media for an extra hour because now you're not working out, then your brain is going to make it much more likely day in and day out, you choose that over and over again, which is why it can get slippery. Yeah, I think one of the ways we talk about this with individuals is very simply if you're walking through the woods, right? You walk through the woods the first time and no one's been there before you have high grass. It's kind of you're you're trekking through to get down creative path. Ultimately, over time you form that new path and it becomes second age or you have now a trail or in your brain's mind you have a habit because it's it's just second age for us, brushing your teeth for example. Hopefully, when I don't think about that morning and night at the very least, we just do those on a daily basis, but now what happens when it comes to nutrition, when it comes to exercise and sleep habits, you need to look at how can we work on, you know, not go down the negative path too far as we're continuing in COVID-19 and continue some positive habits or create new ways. Yeah, that's really interesting, can we talk about that for a second because and have you seen this this case in in your practice and talking about someone exactly like me who uses an activity to blow off steam just doing some martial arts practice. Now that that's gone, there's a void up here in my brain and I need something to replace it with and unfortunately, full disclosure that turned into watching watching documentaries and kind of binge watching those things on history or discovery. So, how do you help someone replace a seemingly positive habit for another one given these circumstances? Yeah, so substitute in something is can be challenging, especially if it's our go to brain wants to be like, well, I don't have that, so I have new choices. So to kind of just backtrack a little bit, let's understand what the call and the cat habit loop and then we can look at that through that sentence in terms of creating a new habit. So anytime we have a behavior, there are four elements that really kind of are part of that that really help to make it form into a new habit. The first is a cue. And so a cue is simply something that occurs in the environment. It could be, you know, the time of day that you do martial arts, it could be a feeling or emotion that makes you go, you know what? I really feeling totally stressed right now and I need to release the steam and so that's when you tend to go and practice. It could be a mood like being around certain people. It could be, you know, walking into a place that reminds you of your martial arts facility or could be walking into that facility itself. There are things that cue our brain to say like, this is the choice we want to make. So those things are important because knowing that they exist, we don't want to just lead that backing there. So that's definitely one. Step number two is a craving. And so essentially when we think of a craving, our craving is. The disc content content with that cue creates. So that cue creates a feeling or an emotion or a sense of, I want to change my experience like, oh, I have the stress. I want to relieve the stress or oh, I'm around my friends where I do our martial arts with. And then that way or there's there's some degree of craving that our brain has, you know, for a lot of people exercise could be this the craving could be that in Northland of these, that they get toward the end. It could be connecting with people or that feeling of really being stressed. But that occurs as well. Questions there on any of that stuff. Um, no, let's all have questions at the end. Let's keep going. We have two more. Yeah. Okay. And then then we have the response. That's what we choose to do. So, proud of who you is like, whatever you choose to do when you get that specific cue and you have that craving and it might have been the past been, you know, to go and practice more short. So, and to these that stress and have that experience. But if that's gone, and now your brain is unsettled and saying, what are we going to do and response to that? Is it possible for you to practice more short at home? Yes. It's possible. Maybe possible. I'm not sure. I'm answering for you. Sorry. But, you know, when we think about like, is it possible that you could do something that looks a little different? Sure. But maybe that might not satisfy exactly what you're craving. And so, sometimes we just skip that step. So, that response is how do we put in something that would serve those two things? We have to know what the cue is. We have to know what we're craving. And then we can begin to build what would be an appropriate response. And then finally, at any habit that we have, there's a reward. There's that sense of satisfaction. Maybe you're proud of yourself, forgetting in that great workout. Maybe you're proud of yourself for relieving the stress that stresses gone. For some people, the craving is gone. And so, that disc content has been removed in our brain feel satisfied. But those four elements always exist. And so, it becomes really important to become mindful of where of what those elements look like for you. Because sometimes when we don't have anything to put it in our mind, oh, we can't do this. It's just drop this entire habit. And that can become a problem when our habits are really good ones that really serve us well, right? Like exercise or getting enough sleep or being healthy. So actually, yes, now I do have, now I do have a question. And you brought up a really interesting point about how not having the appropriate cue or the familiar cue at times creates like an all or nothing mentality. Like, you know what? Forget it. I don't have it. I'm done with this. I'm just going to drink six packs. And then I'm going to have a really nice sense of the spike in alcohol sales. So what are some exactly? What are some things that I can do and people like myself? What can we do to recreate those cues? And tell our brain that it's really okay. Right. Yeah. And absolutely. And I think maybe in the, you know, you gave the case of martial arts or anybody doing any work. Sure. Yeah. Well, Jim has something completely different if at all. So one thing that can certainly help is maybe breaking those workouts and from terms of exercising to micro workouts. So maybe you let's just use the example used to go to the gym for an hour. Well, maybe that's not realistic at home, but maybe you could do shorter 10 minute workouts throughout the day or 20 minute workouts just starting small to build that momentum. And even if the number error, if you look different at the moment, overall that total number over the day, what will still give us a similar benefit. So kind of thinking about like similar, like a when I then I statement and when I, in this case, the small workouts when I do X, then I'll do Y. So it also allows some reward and there's character about habits. When I'm in your case, martial arts, when I let's say wake up, then I do martial arts or whatever it may be, it kind of gives you some paradise association with something. But again, it might not be exactly the same as you used to do, but if we have those smaller chunk we chunk it down a little bit, we still get that positive feedback. That gives us some benefit certainly and hopefully that continues to be a positive reward and ultimately can be a habit. Okay, great. Thank you. So thank you for that explanation. Now let's talk about craving a little bit and let me preface this little it admittedly, I'm a chocolate. That's one of the devices that I allow myself. Now speaking of cravings. I go in and I want to go into the pantry and get out of chocolate bar and someone's replaced it with carrot. It's a terrible joke, but that's not the same, but that's definitely not the same thing in my brain even though it's fulfilling that that need of having to put something in my mouth and it has, you know, similar similar taste. How do you gradually dose yourself to create the same sorts of cravings that you have before does that question even makes sense? I don't know, it's absolutely, and again, chocolate is an easy example because you're certainly not alone there. And chocolate is not, you know, at the end of the day, not the worst thing in the world, maybe sitting down at the bag of chocolate chips and even the whole thing, not great option. So in something like that, and I've talked to a lot of people about this because again, get that question a lot. What about with this in our own house, to get that that craving, you love chocolate, but what about like melting chocolate and dipping fruit in it, for example. So you still get that benefit, but you also get the benefit of fruits, you don't get as much certainly chocolate, but really what you're looking for is that little bit of flavor. Other people and I have said, you know, the upshot the protein shake, right, can work. Again, it's not exactly the same, it's not maybe not your care of example, but it's it gives some of that flavor. So thinking about something, again, the dipping the chocolate for me, we're really well because you're still getting the flavor, you're also getting the benefit of fruit. So it seems to be a win-win situation, everyone needs to figure out what can work for them, and also keeping in mind. The frequency that you're doing something, whether it's chocolate or alcohol or what have you, and I always say to people, what we do most of the time is more important than what we do some of the time. So figuring out the frequency as well, not beating yourself up like I've down the entire bag of chocolate chips, my doing that, you know, seven days a week, that's probably not a great idea. But figuring out that balance is important. And I would just add it this that I also think it's really important to kind of think in really small ways. When we talked about that response, that response, you know, when we're trying to make a shift in behavior, a small shift in just the smallest percentage, can make a difference because it's kind of looting to what Chris said, you know, what we do most of the time. So if most of the time we're beginning to, you know, still have the chocolate, but we're eating less of it. Or occasionally we're subbing in fresh fruit with that chocolate. Or occasionally we have care, but we're not saying, you know what I'm going from this great chocolate that I love the eat and indulging in 100% to something that tastes like tree bark. And I'm not saying that about care, but you see what I'm saying here. You know, we don't want to go 100% in the opposite direction because we will be unsatisfied. We won't be able to sustain that and the key with the habit is to find something that you can do and practice over and over and over again until it becomes that automatic path. So when when we create a habit and I did read your what you what some of what you had written, you start with make it's make it small, we want to give our brains, we want to make our brains and offer it can't refuse. So how do we how do we go about that? Yeah, so this idea of make it small is one that I think all of us who in the health professions been trying to sell to people for a long, long time. But we have culture working against us because culture is saying like no, it's the extreme makeovers that you see right it's the biggest looser shows that have people having the greatest change and behavior and their outcomes and that's what people are expecting. So it's getting back to this place of the small win of teaching people that essentially if you were forming a snowball you would grab a little bit of snow at a time and start to pack together and eventually you be able to add more to that more to that and eventually you could form like a giant more miss snowball. The same is true with our behaviors that we have to think about what is the smallest win I can get under my belt and instead of looking to like the biggest extreme the goal is to just be able to sustain something day in and day out. So this idea of make it small is imagining and each voice you're trying to make so in the case of eating chocolate you know if if you're going to go to care right if you're going to say I'm going to eat the care. Then you would have to say to yourself what would make this so if there's zero chance that I'm going to do this behavior then I want to take that off the table and what would make it likely that nine times out of ten I will absolutely choose the care. Maybe it means that you only eat the care once a week instead of you know every single day if you're talking to fix maybe it means that you only eat the tiniest amount of it or maybe it means that you have a chocolate shake whatever but you have to find out what's going to make you want to stick with that habit. And that's a very dangerous. Okay so can we talk about that for a second and you you brought up an attitude that's really pervasive in the fitness industry and that is a. So drama sells just to be quite honest and how how have you have you found a way to deal with that extremism that that goes on. Yeah, you know it has been a challenge right because drama does sell whether it's TV or the you know six weeks transformations whatever made. I'm any of those things and at the end of the day it does take some convincing of individuals but you know that. We don't necessarily want that overnight fix because it's not really a fix is nothing permanent about it and if you've been there many many times in the past right you've tried to lose weight. And that in an example way too quick it doesn't stick if you've had success at all and you might for sure turn but how do we make it work for the rest of our lives right so we're not continuing to cycle back and forth whether it's weight loss weight gain with muscle gain whatever it may be. Right long term solutions work and it does I guess that it does take some education for individuals it does take some trust with us as practitioners and clients. But I think it does once you once you can build that trust and it can start to see those small wins is care talked about is when you're ultimately going to have that buy in because then the goal is really. For a trainer perspective or you know you don't want to climb for the rest of their lives if we lost to go or something like that. Again small wins are successful and that's what we have long term. Yeah and it's also just to piggyback on that it's also the mindset so you know just checking that people don't have that well enough the mindset before you start working together is really important or to see where they fall and that element you know that range because I think a lot of times if when I would ask clients you know. How how satisfied would you be knowing what their weight loss goal might be I'd say how satisfied would would you be with a five pound weight loss that you could sustain for the rest of your life. And if they be extremely disappointed then that tells me that they're publicly on this extreme thinking kind of. And so I'm going to really have to spend some time kind of coming back to the idea of let's find ways that you don't have to come back and relearn this again in a year or two years you know let's find ways to. To learn this lesson and move from it so we can build it as a foundation for anything you want to achieve and and that really does require some some mindset work with them. So because we've all been kind of taught that it's it's an all or nothing it I mean they're working really hard to massive goals or I'm doing nothing at all. Yeah, what one more piece to that there's actually been some interesting data to show that you know over time year after year most people gain weight right it's not it's not a ton of weights not typically. But it's it's a few pounds and the big issue is not that few pounds but then it's that few pounds year after year after year so there's actually been some data what if we to give and just stop that game right which again is not what people want but you you fast forward. Few years down the road and that's a massive change right just slowing that or stopping that consistent gain over time so again it's not the only outcome people want but it's easy example and what we're talking about. So one more one more thing along that along that path. So when does this become pathological for the person when do you. When do you know that the person who has that all or nothing extreme thinking they're going to to beat their bodies into submission. When do when do we as fitness professionals know they need another level of care to help them through this process. Yeah, that's a really important and great question and by you asked it and I think it really just when it we start to see that it's impacting a person's ability to live there like well. When when it's all consuming when the thoughts are interfering with their ability to enjoy you know hanging out with their family or when they find themselves in in quarantine and in the. You know like the sheltering at place and their the thoughts are all consuming about how their bodies shifting instead of how how they're still managing to stay healthy and their safe and they're well. You know those those disruptive thoughts that interfere with our quality of life and our day to day living I think are or times when we can refer out. Okay, great. Yes, thank you for that. Yes, one endowed or if you see someone harming themselves putting themselves in a dangerous situation always activate your network. There are plenty of people capable of helping with helping your clients through something like that. Okay, so now we have a habit we made it small we made it easy to do every day. So what is what's a safe and healthy way then to make small improvements on the way to that goal. I think you know one of the things to look at you know we talked about small wins is finding helping working with the client to define what those small wins may be whatever their outcome goal might be down the road. Helping because people often don't think about the bent the small benefits they have along the way like my pants fit a little better I or you're not even that like not even body related I have more energy I'm sleeping better. I find kinder to my kids or spouse or co-workers and we know that all of those are positive side effects of taking care of yourself exercise or sleep through nutrition. So it's helping clients find those little wins can help with that long term success for sure. Yeah, I think that they really have to widen the lens at which they're like accumulating information about how well they're doing and to process point you know that so much of our life is how we enjoy it. How we feel during the course of the day how much energy we have are we if we're a parent you know how calm and patient and loving are we toward our our kids or our partner. And so those things matter and they matter probably to a much greater extent than any outcome driven by a scale or any outcome you know that that we might see in terms of a change of calories that we're eating or the types of food that we're eating. So when we get permission to people to start to count those wins they start to see the carryover because thus be honest exercise is like would be the most addictive drug known to man and also the most why they prescribe drug known to man because it has benefits that affect every system in our bodies. So it's so powerful and yet I think a lot of times we don't get permission to people to count the power of it and to see all the ways in which it's affecting and improving their lives. So I think that that's a really important reminder for clients. Absolutely. Great. So now we're still dealing with this person who's all or nothing. If you'll allow me to use the car analogy you want to drive from New York City to the opposite coast. All or nothing person is going to drive three days straight through no matter what but can you go back to that point and you've mentioned this before. What is what is to tips or help us to develop a habit or to allow ourselves to break this down into chunks. How do we step it into checkpoints and feel okay about that how do we stop at checkpoints I mean and feel okay with that. Yeah and so I think I think one is noticing great that we're an all or nothing person and we're kind of trying to they do all the things we're boiling the ocean. Try and make it all happen at once and so then it's just about permission can we divide that into what instead of being very focused on the outcome what are the processes that I need to do what are the behaviors I need to do day in a day out to allow me to achieve those goals. And so if I can kind of shrink back to what will take to achieve that and focus on one thing so now maybe one of the one of the goals that I would need to do is exercise or days a week. Okay, so now how do I create a habit to make that happen what's going to make it lightly that I'm going to get up or at some point during the course of the day exercise four days a week. So let me go back to back you how can I create a queue that that will remind me to do this. How can I make sure that I'm going to create it and and you know one of the ways that we always encourage people to kind of create their new behaviors is to think about how they can make it as attractive as possible how could it be something that they really look forward to doing. And then we look at the response what you know how how much do I need to exercise that makes it likely that I'm going to hit that four day a week goal and then how can I reward myself along the way. So by taking it instead of this big picture I want to change all these things what are the specific behaviors I need to do each and every day and then how do I support myself along that path. So for somebody we would start with just one behavior we would pick one thing that they need to do and once they have that practice and it's under their belt and they're really making that stick. Then we can go on and add or change or or make something else happen. But as we all know a lot of times we started new behavior and then we think it's fine we're like oh I got this I've done it three days this week or four days this week it's totally fine. And we forget that life might look different next week right so then all of a sudden when next week we end up being on 15 zoom calls and we don't have the time to then it's falling apart. So we want to give people a chance to be successful at one thing while they're working toward building that foundation. Yeah no absolutely and in your example of you know the card driving across the country. And what are you what are you instead of you're going through day straight and then completely tanking why not stop along the way and see some of the states and see some of the states. See some of what we see it's you know as a phone with a client of the webinar and a client being a corporation earlier and they did a survey of their employees and the hundreds of thousands employees and massive corporation. And they said on average now people are working 15 hours a day which is significantly more than in the past so like Caras said with the exercise for days how can you work it into that you know that 12 to 15 days that's that you know what's normal now how do you make it chunk it down so it can work you're in get out a super helpful. Great great and if you don't mind I'm going to take a we got a question we have a question and. This question comes from Aaron and thank you for. Hopping on with us today Aaron and on the topic of most his his question is on the topic of motivation. When the individual is feeling apathy during their physical and physiological transition. What would you in advice your customer he continues. For example bringing them back to the main reason they started the journey in the first place. Yeah I love this question because I just was talking about this on a live stream session earlier today and so I always give the concept of one power and so one power is the real reason the reason behind why you would make these choices. And so a lot of times it's you know it's back to connecting it to something that's really meaningful so you know he kind of alluded to that sense but I always get to it by the five wise so if you've ever heard of like you know. You can ask yourself five different wise as to and that will usually get you to the root reason of anything so if your client is you know why they're feeling apathy. I don't see the point you know why would I do this. Then you would say well what do you want to change. I want to start exercising you know I want to exercise now why. Well because it'll give me more energy why is that matter more energy will allow me to play with my kids and I or to feel better in my body why does that matter. Because when I feel better in my body I'm more confident and that helps me in my job why does that matter because it really matters to me that I have purpose in life. Usually it takes us about five wise to get to something that is really meaningful and if we can get our clients to that sense of connecting to something that feels like purpose that feels strong it can help them in that moment. And then also the reminder that even the smallest action can help to build motivation. And then it's we often think that motivation needs to show up first that it really does and it's about taking action and building that sense that snowball and that sense of drive. Great so and on the other side of that. I have a follow up question and you're starting to tell that I work with a certain type of persona when we chunk this down and we. And then we're going to talk about that. And then we're going to talk about how we work these these processes these behaviors into manageable steps. What do you deal with the person how do you deal with the personality and says who asks is that enough. I didn't do anything what is the deal why couldn't it all felt like I didn't do anything. I'm getting because mentally we're seeing the overnight change right. Right TV is whatever so it goes back to what we talked about earlier is really building that trust with the person you know it's not going to happen overnight there's actually. Well, data you could share with people that you know you you add one piece of one piece of fruit one piece of produce a day. It decreases a cardiovascular risk by and I forget the exact percentage I think it's 50 something percentage over time. So it's you may not feel immediately but try to pick out what are you noticing right are you noticing that you have a little more energy are you noticing the you whatever it may be and trying to find kind of like, about the wise trying to find those little wins that allow them to think you know they are headed down the right path it's not going to happen overnight whatever it whatever that outcome goal is. Right but those small wins when we can really really narrow the down help them define can help them stay the course to get to their outcome they're looking for. You could also use past experience with the clients so you know they've tried something in the past with this all or nothing approach then I'll say okay how long did that last you know you you worked out six days in a row how long did that last being able to sustain that. Many times it'll be like three weeks sorry you know it'll be a short period of time and so I'll say okay so you got 18 workout him. But how how long do you think you can commit to just doing three workouts a week and you know we can we can span that out like the like oh six months eight months nine months and then we start to add up those numbers and when you can show them the objective difference. Between why making a smaller choice but being able to maintain it for a longer time why that will have a bigger impact at the end that can be really powerful you know I've had clients be like oh my gosh I could have you know weeks. So exercise more by doing it your way than doing it my old fashioned way so it can really kind of help with their numbers people. Yes one of my one of my friends always said the when we're thinking about exercise and training and you can go hard and you can have that mentality only for so long and if you the analogy is walking off a walking up a mountain. There are two ways to get down and that's just stepping off or coming back down slowly and just managing that intensity so yes we break it out into small chunks definitely. Definitely more manageable and sustainable. Yeah. So what happens to that person what happens to those of us who have the 15s and calls a week why come sure both of you do. And you miss a few workouts and you get off track. How do we manage that? Yeah I think first of all is not being yourself up right we've all been there and trying as I use the term earlier micro workouts. Right so not being yourself up that I'm not hitting the gym or hitting my workout and average day like I used to. You know could you do between yours you can call whatever 1015 calls a day could you could you break it up you know at least five minutes and do something can you do air squats can you do. You know instead of goal can I do 100 air squats over the course of a day can I do 100 whatever it may be like send little goes like that she may not be hitting that big number. But even with that back to back meetings and calls you're finding ways to incorporate it I guarantee at the end of a day or excuse me the end of a week a month long term. You know if you map that out kind of like care said map that out in terms of like how many reps that I ultimately get if you wanted to count like that as a numbers person. They would be similar if you just spread them out throughout the day versus the one part one hour workout and I think that that makes it more manageable for people. Again, set low goes like that the 100 squats 100 push ups over a course of time is is manageable and can work. Yeah and there's no point in in sort of holding judgment about where we are and any given point but we like to do that right we like to be like oh I haven't been able to make this happen so this says something about who I am. And what's possible for me and I think when we just go back to the actions what can I do in this moment. Then always our trajectory is moving up it's moving in a positive direction no matter where we are but too often we just kind of hold judgment around oh this must mean this and then we end up staying there right and creating that narrative or creating like some outcomes to support that narrative because that's what we believe. Thank you for that explanation and if you don't mind I want to talk about that a little more I find this very fascinating because you both work with corporations. I would imagine I'm going to speculate that they're highly competitive people. I've been around just slightly. I've been around athletes for a great part of my life and. So there is this this concept of negative reinforcement you know you want to get better you want to win the championship you're going to you're going to run sprints and. Nothing less than that nothing less than that is failure if you miss training if you in in the corporate side if you miss a meeting if you missed the numbers there's that. There's that aspect of failure in the back of your mind so how do you how do you help the person through that because you said it and I try to do it myself Chris don't don't beat yourself up and there's that other side of my brain that says yeah whatever whatever that's supposed to mean. So how do you help how do you help someone through that process of not beating yourself up. Yeah, I think a lot of times we have to start to challenge the narrative right because the inner critic for many people that critical voice has allowed them to be successful it is the driving force behind creating the success and so it creates its own support right because without it we're fearful. Of that if it's not there that somehow we won't be as successful but I think many times we are successful despite back critical voice right and and so it starts it starts to I just encourage people to challenge the narrative is that story one that's really serving you and it's it one that's true you know so what happens if you don't run the sprints are you still just as fast. Do you recover better and then you feel better and you can show up stronger and faster and a future workout you know let's begin to question if what's possible and so that we don't necessarily have to to live and die by that because that that critical that critical voice eventually. Also can really beat us down right it can make us feel like that that we're not good enough and whatever be good enough and then that seeps out into how we interact with other people and so. It's been my my experience really that when we are in these corporate settings with these people they're finding that they don't necessarily like living in their own head anymore. You know it's not it's not a safe place to be and so that can be exhausting and hard. Yeah it's interesting to that point one of the things we've heard a lot since obviously everything's now virtual online and you know people aren't going to an office most of the time. They don't have a lot of that external motivation anymore an extrinsic motivation so now it's coming has to come intrinsically and people have a tough time with that. And which is interesting and trying to find the internal motivation is care kind of talk about to figure out what that is and a lot of times it's working with trainers to help you can kind of dig that up yourself coming back to that why. But figuring out yourself not needing yourself up when you don't do those sprints or you don't you know you aren't able to be as competitive as you are. But we all have that we all will be ability as long as we take those small steps along the way. Okay brought up an interesting point well just interesting personas of motivation so people can be extrinsically motivated intrinsically motivated are we are we one more than the other or are we a mix of both and how do we how do we manage that and apply apply those to personality types when we're going through now. Yeah I would say that mean from our experience probably mostly a mix of both. There's going to be like with anything it's going to be a lot of time either it's on either extremes right completely extrinsic or completely intrinsic. Most people kind of follow that ball carers or there's a little bit of both. I mean ideally we'd like a little a little bit more intrinsic motivation then being solely extrinsically motivated and I think of an example of like I'm an social media for example you're your extrinsic motivated by what you see and you see. You know in terms of exercise nutrition all these people eating perfectly training well looking the way you wish you looked. Unfortunately you know we don't know anything about those people what is that what is what is going to get us to. What is going to motivate us to reach those goals and it may not be that external motivation may not be enough to sustain. And I would really say that if we're only leaning on the extrinsic it's really not sustainable that the more we can because there's always intrinsic benefits to doing things. If we allow ourselves to see them right we talked about if we can just widen the lens a little bit and see all the ways in which that work out that we make the time for that we didn't think we're going to make the time for. Not only to make us feel great we have more energy today but now we also have like this little boost of mental confidence and and belief in ourselves and also it means that you know that we feel better and we're sleeping better tonight like if we can start to teach people all the ways those dots connect. Then then they've got their own big picture that they're looking at and it's not just this one little data point that they're like I'm waiting for that and if it doesn't happen. Well then I might as well stop right so we can give them lots of ways to paint that picture. So let me ask you this question I'll give you a little case just a general case nothing really specific but how do you use those five wise that you that you talked about earlier to shift someone who's predominantly. Extrinsic how do you move that how do you shift them over. To be more intrinsically motivated. Yeah so I mean it really does blow down to knowing they're one power so keep on asking the wise until why they really want to do that and I will tell you that one time in the past I had a client. Who was who had significant amounts of weight to lose had never really exercised and you know weight loss was her goal and so when I asked her and like she was like I need it I need to stop eating the junk food and I was like okay well why. And she said why need to lose this way why and she was like because I need to take the weight off and have more energy well why is that important. And so she gets to well because I want to be more active and and you know my kids are all expecting and I want to be able to play with my grandkids and I was like what what is that matter she's like because I want to get down on the floor and be able to pick them up. And I was like and why does that matter and so she finally ultimately came to this place of. And so I was able to be an active vibrant part of her life and so now it was done this was something that was money was pure gold right so we get that that meaningful why. And then you begin to say okay so so when we make this choice we've got to connect it to this why right and so the outcome is usually that the extra and motivation and so many people. And I think that the goal is going to be the real money is going to be losing the weight and and once I get that and I look great my body then that's going to be all the extra and motivation I need. But once they start to see that it's really about something deeper and we're meaningful to them then they can also begin to identify the ways in which they might notice they have more energy. And I think that we can see this vibrant active part of her grandkids life even if she's not at this place this goal weight yet by by you know holding the babies or helping her daughter's whatever my feet. So I think that like we start to see all these different ways in which that bigger why shows up and having them reflect on that every day can be really powerful. Thank you thank you for that explanation now just one more follow up question because right now we're coming up to the end of the hour you've gotten us through you've taken us through everything that goes into just one habit. And began to want to know what's the threshold to start adding extra habits new habits but before we do that so just to just to boil that down if it helped me understand this. You sent me some interesting reading material read BJ fog and so when we're extrancultly motivated it's usually attached to a time or an amount of something but we really want to also get to those places of feeling autonomous being able to do things by ourselves. And having mastery whatever that means to the person over the skill or just belonging to having the ability to belong to a group. Can you tie that together for us for those of us who are listening. Yeah because I think this idea of just knowing who we are and why we're making the choices that we're making can be really powerful and you know for many times we do or we make these choices. And our lives because we think it's going to get us something or we're going to become different people right but when we can begin to own why we're choosing what we're doing when we can be mindful of the choices that we're making when we can begin to make those choices because we're investing in ourselves. And there's real power there and this idea of just understanding that the choices we make day in and day out are truly ours we own those and that gets we get to shape who we're going to become what we achieved and and who we get to be by the choices we make daily that. That is really kind of what we're talking about here right that the power of if I want to be the type of person who's more kind and loving. Then what are the actions I can do to be more kind and loving and just small ways and then I can start to prove to myself I'm that person what I want to be somebody who is more fit and who works out. What are the ways I can move toward that identity so I own it it's not something I'm doing because eventually I hope to be there but I am I'm becoming it by the choices I make daily. Okay great thank you for that so now like I said we are we've gotten through one habit what's that threshold how do we know when we can start layering on. Different practices so I think it comes down to when you when you start to not have to think about whatever it is you're doing. Right I don't make that conscious effort like I am that eating one piece of fruit today whatever it may be again I use the devil brushing your teeth is an easy one you don't think about that it's just part of the daily ritual so you want whatever it is you're doing to become. That kind of down that carved path where it's not even making it's not even taking a second thought that it's just it's part of your daily ritual then so okay now that this is. Part of that I can now add in x y or z so again and there's no time frame we've heard you're. You're doing a lot of things to make a habit which is necessarily the case you know bigger things take longer whatever it may be so it's not an answer like in three weeks you'll be able to do x and then you add why everyone is different and every every depending on the. What year working towards that length of time could be different as well. I also want people to give themselves permission to back off if they add something else on and it feels like too much or things start to fall apart okay we're not too much too fast and then we go back yeah let me let me practice. Let me let me practice that this if we get our clients permission to practice new habits and new behaviors rather than feeling like they have to adopt them and they have to adopt them overnight and in such extreme way. Then we've given them the power to keep on shaping and learning and becoming who they want to be in a way that fits their lifestyle and what works for them and that's that I mean that's truly empowerment right and that's the goal. Okay well thank you for that explanation and we are coming up to the end of the hour thank you very much Chris and Cara for sharing. Sharing with us the skill of building habits I don't think I learned a lot today and definitely certainly since you gave me my homework assignments. So we're I'm going to allow both of you to finish up with your closing points just tell us the most important points you want our listeners to to get from today's to days webinar and during that time I'm going to wait to see if anyone else has questions so Chris let's. What's the big take away. Great. Yeah absolutely and first of all thank you and for hosting this and of course thanks everyone for watching you know what I'd like to say I guess I would end with is remembering that one like Cara kept saying giving yourself permission to you know do whatever does you want to work on start small. Okay start small know that any kind of change is going to take time whatever that outcome goal is remember what this is a long way to get to that goal and celebrate those small wins don't don't overlook those every little bit of positive change is a win celebrate those right and down high five virtual high five whatever you be but those are that's that's those are all the things that's going to allow us to be successful in the long run. Okay great thank you and if people wanted to communicate with you after this how could they do that. So our website is more results are that results results results. Results dot com certainly on social media on Facebook it's more results on Instagram it's more results. So you know check in you can certainly send us messages there we were on there regularly chatting putting videos like this and others so definitely check those sites out. Okay thank you very much for joining us today Chris and Cara what's your what's the last word. Yeah so I guess if I could have two questions that I'd have people keep in the back of their mind it would be what if and how can I and so if we gave ourselves permission to. Just ask those two questions like what if I could make this change because so often we align to something that we think that it has to look like we think that exercise has to look like this we think eating has to look like this we looked to other people for the answers. But if we give ourselves the chance to ask ourselves these are own questions that we can come up with our own answer intrinsically and and find what works for us and there's that's where the real power lies. Thank you very much for that Cara and thanks again Chris and Cara for joining us today and thank you everyone for took time out of their busy days to join us as well. I hope all of you have a great afternoon and continue to be safe. Thank you.

=== FILE: How to Pick the Right Home Gym Equipment [JwwJ1Sq9HPg].txt ===

Welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie and I'm looking forward to having a conversation today that's going to be just a sad, sad, different than one that we normally have. So we're not going to be talking about a seedle-coline. We're not going to be talking about sleep and how identifying build up and the length tension relationships and the sliding, no, we're not talking about any of that stuff today. We're talking about probably what's even more important to many people out there, particularly gym owners and people that want stuff in their home gyms because you get a lot of things. I know it was a gym owner where I've got several locations and I just wonder, what is the right equipment for me? What are the reviews? Can I get some understanding of equipment that I've never seen, but it looks cool. Today we've got the right person for you. Today we are, we're delighted to have coupe Mitchell with us and he is the owner and reviewer of garagegimreviews.com and he's going to be on here and I'm going to pepper him with my own questions because as somebody who owns fitness facilities, I got some questions about some things that I have in there. So I want his opinions, but you guys too, as you're listening to the live version of this on Facebook, if you want to ask questions and as we take her down towards the end of our conversation, then our producer Greg will go in and find out what your questions are about particular equipment, questions you may have, what's the quality of certain things, how are they made, what are some of the intricacies that you may have questions about. I think our guest today is the right guy for it. I'm going to have an introduce himself, talk a little bit about the business and apparently the business that he used to be in before he got into this. So, coupe, a pleasure to have you on, man, introduce yourself. Tell us a little bit about you. Yeah, thanks for having me on. My name is Cooper Mitchell, but most people call me coupe on the internet and as we were talking previously, I kind of said that one reason I went by coupe was because I was trying to kind of be somewhat anonymous online. It wasn't because I wanted something quick and easy. I was just thinking, you know, I'm going to hide my face. And then as we grew, we started to do YouTube and things like that, I started to have to be more the forefront. So kind of the way garage Jim started was I started a garage Jim, just kind of the short of it is I started a garage Jim and I had a rack, just a basic squat stand, a bar and some plates and that was it. But I'm one of those people who I can't just stop at one thing. It's like I've got this like this appetite that's insatiable. So I have to keep feeding it. And I'm kind of a gear head in any way. So at the time I was training for crossfit competitions, that was kind of what I was into. I just come out of playing collegiate hockey and I was trying to find something that was physically, you know, demanding and kind of feed that competitive itch. So I started training crossfit and I realized I wanted to get more sessions in than I could just at the gym. So I was like, okay, I'll start the garage Jim. And that's when I got the bar, the plates and the squat rack. Well I realized one as I was like researching reviews for different gym equipment products is there wasn't really anybody doing it. Like in the tech space, you see phone reviewers and there's 5,000 phone reviewers all reviewing the same exact phone. The thing can be said for, you know, I mean consumer reports, they're doing all different reviews. But fitness equipment back when I started, which was 2011, 2012 or so, there wasn't that many people that were doing it. So I saw it basically a need in the market and I decided I was going to see if I could fill it. So I decided to just create a basic website. We started with Instagram and I think that's all we did was we just had a basic website that I built on WordPress and Instagram. And my goal was, okay, how can I fill my gym and not have my wife mad at me because I had all this equipment, you know? Have you got that part out yet? Somewhat I still buy a lot of equipment, but now because it, you know, makes some money. It's a little bit easier to get around that. Number of the time I was just out of college, I had started a financial planning practice, a work for myself, my wife was in school, so money was tight, so it's like how can I make this happen and how can I maybe start something on the side where it could produce something come to. So I started garage and reviews. Basically what I did was I would write reviews on the equipment I'd have. I'd send it to companies, my quote unquote portfolio and I'd say, hey, this is a review I've done. It's very in depth. I've always been a decent writer, so I was like, it's very in depth. I tried to go in more in depth than I think anybody would need and I'd say, hey, I'd like to do this on your product as well. So initially I got a whole lot of nose, but I was used to being told no because I'd been in sales for a while. So I started cold calling some of these companies, making some contacts. And eventually I started getting some stuff sent to us for review. So it was like some jump ropes, some foam rollers, you know massage balls, all these like, you know, chin-sea, small little things. And over time it just started building up. And I realized, wow, there's a lot of people that have interest in this because we started getting emails like, hey, coupe, can you review this? Like just a lot of interest in the idea of people wanting reviews on equipment. Because you guys are mostly tailored towards those with commercial gyms, but there's this whole new market or a whole new section of the market that's continually growing and that's home gym owners. And so with home gym owners, they're looking for a little bit more budget friendly options. There's a whole lot more options to choose from. And so, you know, reviewing those sorts of things was a little bit easier. So over time we just continued to grow. I started putting more money into the website. We now have over 2,000. I think we're at 2,500 different reviews on products. We also crowd source reviews from people. So we have our reviews. GGR, garage and reviews. And we also have people in the community that have used products. They write reviews as well. We have our YouTube channel, which is around 130,000 subscribers right now, our Instagram, which just hit over 200,000 followers. And we just continue to grow. And the reason is because we provide honest in-depth reviews. We try to cut through the BS. So we tell people the way that it works is, hey, it's good. We want to say if it's good, if it's bad, it's got bad parts. And the thing is, we live in an imperfect world. So every product has good and bad parts of it. So we try to detail both of those in an in-depth manner. I don't sell anything I get. So I have this gym that I'm in. There's a three-car garage. I have a 3,500 square foot training studio that's full of gyms. And then I have about 15 garages in the area that are full of equipment from myself as well. So that allows me to take a barbell. I've got close to 130 barbells. It allows me to take a barbell and then compare it to another barbell in hand. So really we're able to provide something that nobody else can in that I've got everything here that I can review versus just going off memory. So that's kind of where we're at now. Garage gyms continue to grow. We're actually in one of the biggest growth periods of all time. Do to co-vid in the pandemic happening. And we just continue to try and provide people with honest information on products. All right. Well, I've got a question about the videos that seem to get the most views. And are they specific equipment that people tend to like more views on barbells than anything else or is it a positive review versus a negative review or is it expensive versus inexpensive? What are the most viewed versions of what you see on your website? So because home gym owners, I would say are buy and large. They're very price-conscious. And that's not just home gym owners. That's people in general. People want to get a home gym and get into a home gym as cheaply as possible. Because you've got to understand a lot of these people are coming from gym memberships. So they're paying in some cases as cheap as $10 a month, in some cases as much as $300 so there's a wide range there. So anytime we do a budget-friendly option, like I did a video, it was a $500 home gym. We did it right before the pandemic started. And it got, I think, $1.2 million views in a week. Yeah, yeah. And it's like it was honestly one of our worst-produced videos took the least amount of time. But people are interested in this idea of how can I get a home gym for as cheaply as possible. So yeah, things like that. Anytime we do low price or anytime we do equipment that's like stupid expensive, they do really well. Yeah. Do you have any how-to's? I mean, are you have any build your own versions or are they all purchase versions? No, we do a lot of DIY stuff. And that's kind of how the home gym community started. You know, it's like this underground thing. This is what I like to tell people. If four Instagram, home gyms were not nearly as pretty as they are today. You know, you also think of like just working out in general. When you used to go to the gym, you go to like a bodybuilding gym. It was like cut off tanks, stringers, like that sort of thing because it wasn't photographed as much. Now you go in, it's like gym, shark, lululemon, yoga pants, people are spending all this money and all this stuff because they're showing it off, not only there, but it's being shown off on Instagram too. Well, the same things with home gyms. Now home gyms, they try to set them up in such a way that their garages and their home gym setups. They look as pretty as, you know, like out of some, you know, like model or, you know, like magazine or something. They're trying to make them look as good as possible. So because of that, people are spending a lot more on like the aesthetics and things. And so yeah, there's a lot of different, I don't know, types of home gyms, but we're seeing them more and more go towards like epic setups. It's happening a lot. Now let's get into some of the things that you've reviewed. Are there any kind of super unique things that you've come across where you're like, I don't even know how to lift this or how to put it on or what to do with it. Like can you talk us through some of that stuff? Yeah, so there's a lot of specialty bars that are coming out lately and the reason specialty bars, I think, have become so successful is previously the home gym market wasn't as important to like companies that were making products. So they would sell like, you know, 10, 20 different bars to one place. And it was like a commercial gym. Well, a commercial gym isn't going to typically buy 20 different specialty bars, though buy one specialty bar of like a safety squat bar, then the buy a football bar, then the buy like a buffalo bar, that sort of thing. Well, now home gyms, consumers, they're buying those just for their one gym. And you look at a neighborhood and there's, you know, 500 houses in this one neighborhood. So there's all much more potential for selling these unique products. So specialty bars is one that has come up really quickly. There's a lot of unique ones out there like we just reviewed one called the Mars bar. And it's a safety squat bar. Yeah, that's got the yolk that comes all the way around. Is it a safety squat bar, though? Well, you know, that's a good question. It looks like a safety squat bar. It feels completely different. It hits the, it hits so much lower on your back. So it's a much more hip dominated squat. It's, it's just a different movement. But then there's, there's a lot of gimmicky stuff that's out there too that doesn't stay on the market for really long. But I think one part of the market that's kind of become revolutionary. And I think when it started, it kind of came as a fad, but it's become really popular. That's belt squats. Belt squats have started to become really popular because there's a lot of different, I mean, for like personal training for instance, you're dealing with a wide range of clientele. So some clients have back issues and all sorts of like, you know, biomechanne, like difficult ways to squat. They don't know how to squat. It's difficult. They're scared of a barbell. Well, you can put somebody in a hip, you know, harness, put them on a belt squat. It's easy to show them how to squat. It takes out the low back. But then there's a lot of, you know, versatility that can be had with them in a garage gym setting for like pull ups, dips, squats, marches, jumps, lunges, all those sorts of things. So those would become really popular too. Do you see that people are that like larger gyms are gravitating toward this? Or is this still kind of an underground garage gym situation that you see with that? No, I think they are. And I think again, that's predicated by the Instagram, you know, like the photos of your gym in the content you're displaying on Instagram and just social media in general is often a like a business card for your gym, right? Like people want to put in good equipment. They want it to look good. So having these things that everybody is seen online, well, a lot of your clientele, if you want a gym, they're going to be coming to you and saying, hey, I saw this piece of equipment on Instagram, why don't we have it? Or is this a way that you can add it to the gym? And because of that, the consumer is starting to like, you know, nag on their gym owners to buy these sorts of things, like glue drives and all these different things, you know, that I think ordinarily they wouldn't be there. But because the consumers kind of driving that market, I think it is. Now, are you getting any reviews from kind of larger companies? I mean, I think that they're obviously their rogue, but there are some other ones, like I buy a lot of equipment from get our rest. You know, I believe that SORNX is one of those companies that just comes up with really cool ideas. And I don't know if you're like, guys, I can't, I don't even know how to start reviewing some of the stuff that you have. You know, like, are you getting kind of hit from different sizes of companies? Yeah. So anything that you got to understand, a lot of gym equipment is very similar in that it's made of some sort of steel, typically 11 gauge. They're fashion in some way, a lot of it revolves around the squat rack. And that's typically the Jimmy equipment that I think is often viewed as like, okay, these are your basic for home gym. But it's only so much fun to review so many, you know, bumper plates, barbells, squat racks, that sort of thing. Because it becomes very state, like, a lot of them are similar. I don't really even need to, I can just hold them one time or get them in or see a picture. And I pretty much have a good idea of what I'm going to say about it. Something that's kind of grown in popularity that we've started to review more is the smart home gym or like smart, you know, type of training apparatus is. So we're talking like, tonal, we've got a tonal inside that we're reviewing Peloton. I've got a Peloton right here. All those sorts of like, you know, connected piece of Jimmy equipment. We've started to review more. There's actually one that we're reviewing right now. I can't release the company because it's still in, like, prototype phase. It's out at MIT, but it's basically a 3D camera. That track, your movements and is able to tell you biomechanically, if you're hitting depth, it's able to help you like with your different squat mechanics. It's able to track your reps. It's able to track the weight that's on the bar. And it's all just housed in a 3D camera that's got to display a touch to a, like, a tablet. So things like that, we're starting to review more velocity-based trainers, all that sort of stuff. I really like that stuff because I really like tech. And I'm glad that to see tech come into the gym. I think that's going to be a, you know, a force multiplier for people getting working out more because you see it with Fitbit. Everybody loves their Apple watch where they have to fill the circle. Everybody loves their Fitbit. Well, if you can take that tech and combine it with strength training, I think that's going to be very popular. I will say this a few years ago. My dad was working out at the YMCA in Florence, Alabama. And he said to me, when I came to visit, he goes, son, I want you to look at this. I've lifted more than 4 million pounds this year. And he was really proud of that. And it's cost they had these tried and they were selectorized machines. But you kind of type in your data, your information, and it knows who you are. And then when you put the pin in, it knows what weight it is. It knows how many reps that you've done, how many sets that you've done. And it calculates it over time. And that was something that was just, you know, because the number so big, it's such a wonderful point of pride. Now I had no idea. I was like, I don't even know how much 4 million pounds is. I can't even compute that, right? So, but it's something that's really cool that we see that even people like my father are really interested in. And when we look at Fitbit, which was recently acquired by Google, and you've got the Apple Watches and all of the garment and the wearable tech doing biometrics, this tech no gym that is really dominating and allowing other companies to use them as a platform to create their online tech. I think tech's going to be a big thing. So I'm happy to see that the garage gyms are also kind of enrolling in this concept and people are picking up on it. Now don't get me wrong. I'm not opposed to just going to the garage and completely unplug and just do your thing and lift your weight. It is pretty cool to see that connection between the tech and just a moderate garage gym as opposed to a big YMCA or a large company that you see connecting. Definitely. Well, gamifying anything has proven that humans will do whatever you want them to do. So we see that with Facebook and all big tech companies. The reason they gamify things is because they want you to complete some action. So if your goal is to have people work out more, work out more effectively, do it more often than adding gamifying badges and the circles because we want to complete things where people that we don't like things that are incomplete. Even if it's silly and virtual and nothing that you actually hold or do anything with, it does give you a sense of like, yeah, I really want to do it. Like 4 million pounds. That sounds a lot. But when you think about it, like that's every rep tracking the weight on every, you know, I mean, so it's like, well, it's 4 million pounds that much. We don't know because it's a new thing. That said, it makes you feel like man, yeah, like your tech 4 million pounds. You know, I'm the world's strongest man. You know, it's like, okay, well, how many people are you talking about? I'm going to put that looked like. I was like, well, that sounds impressive. Yeah, great job. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well, it is, it is a lot of fun to see some of these things going on. What are I curious about? Just some of the different things that you're seeing. Like, when it comes to benches, I know that I was surprised when I first, I was going to jump in and, oh, expensive. Just something else. So I could pick something up with could be. You know, what are some of the things you're looking at? Are you looking at the pad on on it? You're looking at the make as it is easy to move around. Is it too big? Is it too small? I want to know about some little things. And then if you could go through just what people should have in their garage gym. Now, I know different strokes for different folks. And I get that, but just like you got to have the nuts and bolts somewhere. And I think you're a great guy to provide that. Yeah, so for benches specifically, and we have an article called The Best Weight Benches of 2020 that we update every time a new bench comes out. But I go through, kind of like the characterizations that I look for in a bench. But if you're talking just a basic flat bench, one thing that I think has become really popular at looking at now and one thing we always cover is the country of origin for the materials, where it's manufactured, where it's assembled, where it's designed, all those sorts of things because I think it wasn't as big of a deal maybe 10 years ago. Now especially because of a pandemic and more things that are going on, a lot of people went made in the USA equipment matters to them. So I don't try to give too much of an opinion on that because I'm not trying to get political, however at the same time, I try to make sure people know where it's from, a lot of companies try to hide that from us. But you know, we're able to find it out, thankfully due to contact. So, you know, if it's made in the USA, that typically has a feeling of higher quality. Does that mean it's higher quality? No, not by any means, but I think more often things that are made in the USA do have better quality than China, at least from what we've seen. So that's one in addition to that. If you're thinking of flat bench, you all have to think of your use case. So if you're somebody who's planning on powerlifting and using a lot of heavy weight on bench, you're going to want to high weight capacity. So having something that doesn't have a spine all the way down the middle is going to lead to a bench that kind of comes in more. It's going to flex more. You want to solid platform if you're going to bench on. Regardless of if you're doing heavier not so you don't want it to cave in, you want to, you don't want to spine beneath it. So you're looking at the gauge of steel of the actual frame. If you're also powerlifting, what type of setup do you use? You know, if you're putting your legs under the bench when you're doing an arch for a bench, then you're probably going to want a three post bench. So there's a lot of competition style benches that are based on combo benches that use a single post in the front. Two legs in the back and that allows you to basically tuck your feet under. If you'd like and still have a stable platform. So another thing to look for are wheels and handles like how portable is it. There are some benches that are coming out from rogue and some others that have foldable legs. So you can fold the legs in, put it up on the wall, make it easy. I mean, home gyms, one of your biggest detriment to home gym is the amount of space you have. So a lot of people are working with a one car garage and they're still parking in the garage. So being able to like move everything onto the walls and park in your garage, that's something to look for. In addition, you're looking at the foam material that's used a lot of benches today are using like a single layer of foam. But you know, sometimes it's nice to have a thick dense layer of foam and then like a carpet pad on top for a little bit more comfort. You're also looking at the width of the bench. I started this again boring, but these are things I'm thinking about. But if you're looking at the width of the bench, so how wide is the top? If you want something a little bit wider, you know, like the rogue Thompson fat pad. It's almost I think 15 or 14 inches wide. It's a really wide pad. If you're not used to that or if you're not a big person, it may not feel as good. You're looking at the vinyl. Is it a grippy vinyl? Is it going to grip your shirt so you can dig into it when you're pressing your scabs. That's something that matters because if you think about you're doing a heavy bench on a slick vinyl top and you slip. Well, you're looking at it the potential for injury. You're looking at a mislift like all sorts of things. So that's something that matters as well. And then ultimately, I think you're looking at prices as well. What do the features and this is what we often do when we recommend things is I'm not looking for the absolute best. I'm looking for the best value for most people. How do the features quality, everything like that compared to the price? Because if the features are way up here and the prices way up here, well, you know, it doesn't really matter as much. I'm looking for some. Maybe a little bit less features less quality, but a lower price point. That's the intersection where most people want to purchase for a home gym. So those are some of the things I'm looking for. I know also that that weight of the kind of the utensil matters and and it's not just because of how easy it is to transport it in the gym, but how expensive it is to to transport it to your house. So that that was something else that when I first priced out my very first gym, I didn't think about. Where. And I thought oh my goodness, I am so over budget because it's heavy. Jim equipment is heavy and it cost a lot of money to get it to where it needs to go and that's something that has to be considered. Now mine is a gym, a training gym, not a home gym, so I had more equipment than most people, but it's something that's got to be considered. Oh, definitely. Yeah, it's a great point. So you also have to consider like is the piece of equipment welded together as it bolted because of its bolted. So it can break down, put it in a box and you don't have to ship freight if it's welded all together like some racks used to be all welded. They'd weld all the panels together. They weren't thinking about shipping costs. So it's ship on this big, you know, pallet. Well, today pretty much all racks are bolted together because they can come down together. The user is able to assemble it. It makes it cheaper. It's not that much, you know, weaker welds versus steel welds versus bolts. So I think bolt together is something that's happening more and more. And we're seeing that with specialty bars now too, where they used to weld the sleeves on. Now they're bolting them on to make shipping cheaper. But yeah, you certainly do have to look at shipping costs because companies will say like we offer free shipping. But, you know, there's nothing free in life. You just have to figure out, are they, what's the, what cost are they baking in there? So they can have free shipping. And if they're not offering free shipping, you know, get some quotes from different companies to figure out what the best price is. It's going to be because, yeah, like you said, it can get very expensive. I mean, there's racks you can buy that will end up depending on the company order from end up being 500 dollars extra. Just have it shipped to your door. So you get expensive. So my question is, do you have just as much of a construction job as you do a review job or do you have a team that helps put things together for you? Yeah, so I'm, I'm constantly putting things together. I have, I have friends that will help me. The issue is, I don't want to pay somebody to put something together because that's a big part of the process is receiving the shipment. You know, what, what condition is the cardboard in? Is there a lot of chips, everything like that? Putting it together like those are other things that we review and talk about too. So I don't think it's good enough to just, you know, be able to review the final experience because the receiving assembly, you know, the instructions, all that stuff plays into a good experience and whether it's good. It's good because if it takes hours to put together, they miss bolts, you know, like you don't receive everything you're supposed to receive. That's not a product I really want to recommend often because if you don't have all the parts, you can't use it. So I'll also order things a lot of times under pseudo names and different addresses because if people see it's coming to coupon, Raj and reviews. Everything's pristine, they ship it differently, they'll, they'll pre assemble a lot of things. But if I put it under a different name, they don't put as much care into it. So I have a good idea of what the normal consumer would get. Oh, man, they do a special like powder coating for you when it comes to your gym. They know it's a nice thing that there's a pseudonym that's being put out there so that you can, you can hide a little bit behind it and see what's really going on. You also talked about things that were folding down. I think that's pretty amazing what I've seen in the past few years. It's like garage gyms or transformers. I mean, you can have a gym almost completely set against the wall or not come off a wall even two feet once it's folded down. I think that those are an incredibly valuable thing for a home gym for sanity, for safety, for being able to get a, you know, car inside a garage. That's also your gym. Those things are pretty amazing. Have you seen any particular versions of those fold down garages that you think are, are stand out? Yeah, yeah, the best, the best rack that's fold away, in my opinion is the PRX profile rack. It actually uses gas shocks. They have a pad not uses gas shocks. So rather than folding in or folding away it folds up. The reason you want something that folds up instead of folding away is you don't have to remove any accessories from it. You don't have to remove the pull up bar. It's easier use. You just fold it down, fold it up. It takes four inches against the wall. So you're thinking of a rack that's able to pull off the wall and be about 25 inches away from the wall and then fold up and be four inches away from wall. So you can park any kind of car in there. It's simple to use. And that's one of the things I talk about with home gym owners is you want to make it as easy as possible for you to reach whatever goal you want to reach. So if you want to work out more often, having a bunch of equipment that you have to assemble. If it's modular, you have to add all this stuff together. You have to figure out how to use it every time you go to use it. That's not a good experience. You want something that you just plug and play. You just go into the garage. If you want to park in the garage fine, you pull out your car, you pull down your rack, you put your bar on. You're good to go. If you have to like fold the rack in, add the pull up bar, add you know all these different parts bolt it together every time you use it. You'll get the back of the matter is, you're probably not going to use it very often or you're just going to leave it out and you're not going to actually park in the garage. So those are such things definitely matter. Yeah. I'm going to need you to lay my fears because apparently you've got a Murphy bed version of a rack and I would be very concerned that that thing would come off the wall onto my car. Can you explain what are the safety behind these that allow me to feel comfortable parking my car or having my children walk through the garage. So I have the perfect answer for you and this is the answer. It goes into studs, but here's here's the thing. I was I was skeptical of it too. So what we did was we took a 500 we took a barbell we loaded it with 500 pounds. We dropped it from I think it was a total of 60 inches from the J cups to the spotter arms. We just rolled it off and there was no damage. It completely held in the wall. There was no issue at all. That's a 500 pound bar from basically head height down to below parallel drops straight down. No issues still held in the wall. So if you're worried about something like that coming off. You don't need to be I mean there's a video the video on YouTube has I think 400,000 views or so. It's just called I think. TRX drop test or something but yeah we dropped 500 five pounds on it dude. I was amazed. I was it was awesome. That's really incredible. Speaking of drop test do you do test the the plates to see if they talk a wonder pressure if you drop them and do you have a lot of a lot of different brands that you've done test with those on. Definitely. Yeah so really the the ideal test for a bumper plate is this machine that it's changed ribbon and all these manufacturers use them or like if they're I mean all bumper plates are made overseas unless they're high temps. So these machines basically they bring up the the bumper plate on this change ribbon system that brings it up it's an elevator and then it just drops it down and they try to see how many like rounds it will take before it breaks it tacos whatever. The gold standard for that is basically like a minimum of 30,000 drops before it tacos so yeah they can take a lot of abuse now that's that's a single bumper plate dropping that's not like on a barbell and it's not like awkwardly going at the side and things like that so you know that sort of thing is what we look for whenever whenever we're talking whenever doing reviews we're not doing that in house yet. So we try to trust the manufacturers on that we try to get video from them like a lot of times they'll send us time lapses of them happening so over the course of a few days you know they'll be testing these bumper plates to show them off. Yeah, so those are ways that you can test that sort of thing tensile strength and barbells is another thing that's often tested. Tentile strength doesn't tell this whole story and rogue. They come up they came out with a system called the F rating and the F rating tells you how durable the bar is and you may be thinking will rogue came out with it so it must be like you know more push towards rogues products. But the real fact of the matter is they paid a company called SEA Limited which does auto manufacturing to do all the tests of these bars like independently so. Basically what they found was bars that were coated in chrome were the least durable bars regardless of the tensile strength really. So you're talking a lake o which makes some of the best barbells for use in the world but because they're coated in chrome. They're more likely to bend over time so you know things like that have come to come to fruition and you know rogue for instance they won't sell any chrome bars anymore they're placed it with black zinc bright zinc and stainless steel so. But those are things that I think are often tested and we look to and describing and helping people decide which piece of equipment to buy. Okay, well, I'll also say that chrome does look really good and if you don't have a real meat head gym is sure. Pretty. Oh, definitely. Oh, chrome's great. Yeah, I mean. This this is the thing if you're running across with gym where there's a lot of like high rep Olympic weightlifting you probably don't want to crumbar but if it's just a normal gym bar it's not really going to matter that much of its chrome or not. Yeah, yeah, got to well I have I'm going to I'm going to bounce this over to Greg because I know that we've got some people that. Are listening and I'm not sure how active the chat is but if there are any specific questions about equipment or reviews or your business then I'd like to get an idea from from the folks listening we got to got any questions for you. Yeah, Tim and the chat wants to know if there is one piece of equipment that you reviewed that you feel everybody's home gym should have what would it be. So a specific piece of equipment well I give a category of equipment. I think every gym should have a barbell I think a barbell without a doubt is you know something that's universal. It's incrementally loaded so you can you know, periodized as much as you want there's so much versatility that can be done with it from squats to you know dead lifts to other movements like for the core like landmines and all sorts of things. So I think barbell is definitely something that everyone should have and then this is a piece of equipment that I think is a bit unique but I do think that everybody should have and that is a sound system. I think you need a sound system because you got to think like you're trying to motivate yourself to train so I know it's a little bit unique. But going out there and training unless you're like into really into stoicism and you like pain without any external motivation. I think you need some sort of you know musical motivation maybe some copy get yourself going because with the home gym. It can sometimes be difficult to work out by yourself so making it as helpful and as motivating as you can I think it's going to be helpful. So you know is that working its way into your reviews with sound systems and air pods and headphones as that going to be part of it. Yeah, yeah so we reviewed you know we reviewed so-nose and some other companies that have had us review some stuff. We're also getting into some accessory things like we got a water jet massage table we're getting ready to review. I've got a barrel sauna in the backyard that we've reviewed so we've got a lot of you know recovery you know similar stuff that you use with working out that we started to do more reviews on. I think that's a very interesting thing. All right cool. Greg. So another question in the chat was there one piece of equipment or multiple that surprised you when you reviewed it something you didn't expect that you want to find you really like. Okay so I'm I'm a barbell feed. I love barbells. I love the way they look. They're like pieces of art but in addition that I just love training with them. I love barbell focus that's a type of training I do. However, I got tonal in and I was thinking tonal this is going to be like a girls piece of equipment like no offense. I just thought my wife would love it. I didn't think you know I'm tough like. You know this is a manly enough for me and then I started to use it and I was like this is amazing totally I'm telling you. Tonal is I say this often but the future of home gyms is not squat racks the future of home gyms are these smart connected devices like Peloton if you've never used a Peloton you want to feel like you're in a studio like a cycling studio in your own home. Where in whatever you want did a Peloton but tonal is like that for strength training the resistance profile is so smooth the way that they're using the technology the way that they're tracking reps the way that they're able to tell you exactly what weight you're using you don't have to think about it. I use my wife for an example for a lot of this because she doesn't love training so if it's something she uses then I know it's something that a lot of people use because she she's not really into like barbells and squat racks. I'm trying to just like general fitness and she wants to make it easy and fun and enjoyable so when she started using tonal and started using using it every day and like because of the gamification she check her phone and see her scores and all those sorts of things. I think that's the way that we do something that was viable for the large community so tonal absolutely blew me away I'm I'm floored with it you know as much as I love barbells I think for most people that sort of system. Especially for people that live in big cities that don't have the room for it tonals the future that sort of system and tonals not the only one there's tons of them near. I think that's one of the ones we'll see who's the the big player in that space right now it's peloton but those sorts of systems they they build me away by four yeah. That is really cool is there are they able to get. What's the resistance range that you see on on that for for people who are like it sounds cool but I just you know I like barbells because they're heavier can I will this makes sense for them. Yeah so so tonal can go up to one hundred pounds per arm and it's not like you know it's a it's a different one hundred pounds it's a consistent one hundred pounds so. You know it's it's different than like a barbell chains or bands or you know some of those other things it's consistent one hundred pounds so. If you combine the two it can do up to 200 pounds so you know if you're really heavy deadlifter you know like I deadlift five eighteen is my all time best deadlift. I mean I mean I mean I mean that's a very important thing that's the story of this thing that's been done. So yeah I think for most people it's more than strong enough and one reason they didn't make it heavier is because they didn't feel most people would need it. They have the ability to go heavier and I'm sure in the future they can allow that. I mean because it's all it's not like a weight stack it's all magnetically based it's all using like friction and things for cords it's different so because of the technology that's used. I think the resistance profile can be a lot higher and also depends how strong your walls are. That was my question that I have for you. Yeah but for 200 pounds you know to answer that question for 200 pounds you know you start hearing some like creeks because it used a lot of plastic in the system. But it's not anything that you're like worried about it like falling off the wall or anything like that like if you have a you know a decently made house you're going to be fine. Yeah I've had no issues with like structural issues yeah all right cool. Yeah. All right this this one from me I just want to know what is the most bizarre thing you've reviewed for the site because I imagine you've had some some very strange things come through as well. Yeah there's there's this piece of equipment called the BAMP PAMER and it looks like Thor's hammer it's basically like a. Let me think here it's like a stick with a rubber head mallet and they call it the BAMP PAMER and it's basically use it for swings and like hitting things you know all that sort of thing. That one was really unique there's another one where it's a pair of recovery shoes and due to some sort of testing they were able to determine that you could improve your recovery. If this little motor with this little like push head pushed on your like basically the ball of your foot and you just put them on and it just pushes the ball of your foot over and over and over and over. Yeah I didn't notice any change in my recovery however they do have some studies that show that it works but that one was really unique that was definitely different yeah. Well I own a recovery studio in New York City so might be something I have to look into for. Yeah yeah yeah you can say you have it I don't know people find benefit from it but you know we've got it. There's a lot you know what I'll have to check out Goraj Jim reviews and and see what those reviewers have to say about it. Hey Greg are we wrap up on questions we are thank you thank you for actually we just got another one. Oh I have as we were speaking David in the chat once know what is the best fan bite that you reviewed in the time review. Yeah so we have a review called the best airbikes I've tested every single one that's out there I own all of them I've got a couple over here I've got quite a few at the gym. The best value airbikes for most people is the rogue echo bike and the reason that it's one of the best is because it's price friendly and it used a belt drive design is something that a lot of people don't realize is you don't want to change driven bike. The drive system is what's going to take the most maintenance so like an assault airbikes it's a good airbike but it's still uses the same drive system as an old twin before 82 those older bikes that they call them saints try sickle not just because they suck to use. But also because they're awful to maintain I've had a rogue echo bike in my gym like my personal gym at our training studios been used by all sorts of people from CrossFit games athletes to just general you know trainees and I've never had an issue with it. So it's an incredible bike if you want something that's maybe a little bit more modern looking and not as intimidating as the black because I know that matters to some people the twin 88 87 or 80 pro it goes by all those names but it's all the same bike. That's a great bike that uses a belt drive system again I've had no issues with it I really love that bike it's got different handles those two are the ones that I think I would look to most often. Yeah, I think those are the ones I like the best but I detail we go and detail on every single bike that's on the market recommend all our picks from the you know our best pick to our upgrade pick to our budget pick all that sort of thing on the site for the best airbikes for 2020. Yeah, nice I do have a question then it leads me into another one which is you know concept to kind of has the the market on on on the brand in the rower space. Yeah, what are some rowers that you've worked with that that you like a lot and then can you speak to the water based. Resistance versus the airbase and what are some of the things you pros and cons about those that you see. Yeah, so you said concept two has the market and that's not just because they've been around the longest or they create it's because they make the best most simple machines that are out there. Concept two by far a model D rower should be like that should be in pretty much every gym in the world you know and then a skier than a bike or they kind of are the epitome of that Einstein at least it's attributed to him but that phrase that's you know it's like don't make things as easy as possible or make things as simple as possible but no simpler. That's a concept to product is it doesn't have all this excess stuff it just does what it does it does it extremely well it's extremely durable and they're just great product so by and large there's really nobody that can compete with a concept to rower there's definitely other ones that we reviewed you know like there's a Zabex has a rower that we reviewed it it's basically based on that design it's a little bit cheaper but not enough to be like yeah you should buy that one there's a company called Hydro that we're getting ready to review. And it's a basically a peloton for rowing it's a beautiful sleek looking roar you know very cool roar I don't know if it's going to be as durable but it does take some of those features from peloton so I think it will be pretty popular. But then like as far as the water based rowers water based rowers I think have a better aesthetic to them I think they look good you have the sound of the water rowing the differences you can't really change the resistance profile as much. That water can end up molding over time so you have to replace it it's not as in my opinion it's not as good of an experience for rowing as a concept to rower there's a reason that you know pretty much every rowing team in the world uses concept to rowers when they're not out on the water. Even though you know they're not they're training specifically for water but they're using air base rowers and the reason is because they're just better than water based rowers so I like the idea of a water based rower I like the way it looks if you like the sound of it there by no means bad rowers but for most people the concept to model these the best rower there is in the world. Well for somebody that has have them in my facility they also have a great customer service experience with them so shout out to concept 2 and what they've done and the equipment they have. With that said shout out to coupe Mitchell from garage gym reviews dot com and the youtube channel of the same name I believe you go Raj Jim reviews and dude it's going to pleasure having on here and I really appreciate the work that you put in all of this and I'm glad that you made some of the things that you have. I could in all of this and I'm glad that you made such a interesting transition from the world of finance I think it's to reviewing gym equipment. That's like the dream for so many people how do I get out of what I'm doing even though. I'm going to get into something that maybe I didn't go to school for but something that I just ask you an about. I Instagram or whatever that is. Yeah, yeah you can find us at garage gym reviews on pretty much every social media platform where a garage gym reviews on youtube as well but I think a most helpful information the most in depth stuff is on our website. I really appreciate you being here. My name is Rick Richie. This is the NPS of them. It's T podcast.

=== FILE: How to Use Muscle Energy Techniques for Neck Pain Relief [pJMiXeTBOLA].txt ===

On today's episode of the NASM CPT podcast with me, Rick Richie, I explore which muscles of the neck might be strained if you've got a strained muscle in the neck. So we review joint actions of several neck muscles, the most commonly strained neck muscles when it comes to strains and we look at how the joint actions reflect the pain. And then we look at how simple supports like soft tissue approximation and self-administered muscle energy techniques may help your clients and you don't even have to put your hands on them. It's all within your scope of practice. You're just teaching them how to do it. Make sure you like. Follow subscribe and leave a five star review. Now here's the episode, pain in the neck, which muscle is it? You're listening to the NASM CPT podcast with Rick Richie, winner of the shared care Emmy Award for social storytelling and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey y'all and welcome to the NASM CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie and today I've got a special episode because it's about me and what I'm going through. I woke up and strained a muscle in the neck and it hurts and listen. It's not good to be a personal trainer with a strained muscle in the neck but also there becomes a problem is that you know now I don't want to help my clients by giving them the dumbbells and the weights or whatever but sometimes you get those boozey clients and they don't like it when you don't bring them their weights and what a great excuse just to be like sorry I can't help you. I'm just kidding I'm going to make everybody get their weights and sometimes I'm very, very nice it just depends on my mood but listen I got to figure out what muscle is strained as a trainer I want to know as a massage therapist I want to know and as an anatomy enthusiast I want to know so we got to look at the most common options here. But so you've got muscles that that can can hurt. We generally see things like the upper traps and the levator scapula so I immediately go to those first and I try to figure out is that the one. So let's look at these proximal and distal insertions just to see if it's even in the right place then we got to look at the joint actions and then see if me doing those joint actions facilitate pain well this will also be contingent on how bad of a strained it is what happened okay I know because my producer asked me this what do you do I woke up Now that's the end of the story I woke up I didn't wake up with a strained neck as I was sitting up my neck started to strain and I got the levator down real quick and and I turned my head kind of laterally flexed to the side to make the strain to make that cramping stop and it stopped and then I straight my head back up and then it immediately cramped again so I went back into that stretch and held it for a little bit longer just to get the stop but at that point the damage was done the neck is ailing a me but I'll be alright but I gotta know what is it and I think this is important I'm this is to think about you know I guess you could go through and just poke it and prod it and if you were massage therapist you'd be like where is this where it hurts and they could say you could just say yes that's it you found it right your fingers on it it doesn't mean that the therapist know which muscle it is and it takes zero skill to actually poke around and find out what hurts you so what is what's the skill that's coming in here well the skill that you want is to identify what the joint actions are of that muscle and then you can do things like a pin and stretch but you got a pin and stretch it the right way you want to do stripping on the muscle so following the line of the muscle how do you do that if you don't know where the muscle is and what the muscle line is so this is going to give you a better idea as a personal trainer and then we get to the end of this I'm going to give you some things that you can do not as a therapist as a personal trainer that you can do that might help them and you don't even have to put your hands on them and I'm not talking about just you know make your just give the clients their their weight so you don't have to you're not doing that you are giving them techniques that can help to minimize some of the pain that they may be having or at least give them some range of motion without even stretching the next so here's what I did I got to find out what what's going on my next the first one I go to is the upper traps it's a big muscle and it's very commonly strained so what happens this muscle is that the origin's base of the skull so that proximal attachment base of the skull external occipital protuberance that big boney notch on the base of the back of the skull and then it goes down into the posterior aspect the lateral third of the clavicle so it goes into the shoulder blade and so it runs from the base of the head the neck down into the shoulder blades now yeah it's kind of there the muscle that bothering me is kind of in it's in the neck area upper traps might be it if I elevate though when I shrug if I keep my head neutral and I shrug I don't feel it anymore and we know that the upper traps shrug or elevate the scapula well they also do this extension of the neck and they do contra lateral which means opposite side rotation and they can also lateral flex the neck to the same side well those all kind of makes sense but if I if I rotate towards the side that hurts I feel it a little more than when I rotate it away but it just kind of depends because of how tight my muscle is I'm not sure which one now here's what the general rule is it depends on how much pain is there because sometimes if a muscle is stretched or if you strengthen if you activate a muscle it hurts so bad that it's just as painful lengthening as it is shortening but if I shorten towards that side the strained muscle is is activating that tends to hurt a little bit more so I feel it on my left side and when I lateral flex to the left then it bothers me more than when I lateral flex to the right I still feel it when I lateral flex to the right but it bothers me more towards that side so I know that it is a muscle that does lateral flexion it bothers me an extension it bothers me in flexion so I got to figure out which one of it it bothers more in extension than it does in flexion but now we got to look at the rotation so I looked at the upper trap and the other thing it does so shrugging it doesn't bother me so it's probably not my upper trap of the traps do upper rotation as long as I don't move my neck and I go into upper rotation of my scapula also doesn't bother me so I'm going to take upper traps throw it out this is the process that you go through to try to identify which muscle is doing what what muscle is involved here so then I go to the next most common muscle the levator scapula and the levator scapula originates excuse me or one of its proximal attachments it's going to be on the posterior tubercle of the transverse process of cervical spine or a vertebrae 1 through 4 well 1 2 3 4 I feel like like I'm in the 1 through 4 process because it's a little bit higher up on my neck maybe not that high it's 3 or 4 3 and so that could be it the levator scapula goes into the medial and the the medial superior border of the scapula and it does this it elevates the scapula nothing it downwardly rotates this scapula so if I raise my arm up and then I pull down against a little bit of resistance it doesn't bother me doing that as long as I keep my neck still so I can go ahead and just take levator scapula probably throw it out it also does it's a lateral rotation so now I gotta say okay well does contra lateral rotation bother me as much as it's a lateral no so my same side rotation tends to bother me more than the opposite side rotation but they both hurt so it's hard to tell but one thing I know for sure if it's a scapular muscle it works at the scapula I do an exercise at my scapula it doesn't bother me take that muscle throw it out it's probably not the one strength all right this episode of NASM CPT podcast is brought to you by NASM1 the membership for trainers and coaches members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources get the edge app to schedule and program clients enjoy half off all certifications and specializations access to free CE use and more all of this for just $35 the month go to nasm.org slash membership to learn more about NASM1 all right next muscle on the list scaleings scaleings I'm thinking okay if I don't move my scapula it's probably not a scapular muscle immediately I went so maybe it's my scaleings and here's why scaleings do not attach to the scapula so I gotta try to identify is it anterior scaleings, medial scaleings posterior, scaleings first things first and two your scaleings I'm gonna throw them out I don't think it's anterior scaleings because it's on the anterior side of the neck and I'm not bothered on the anterior side medial scaleings medial scaleings kind of go from that first rib same thing as the anterior first rib but they go into this the anterior two bristles of the transverse process the the front of the neck for the anterior medial go onto the transverse processes of C2 through seven doesn't bother me all the way down that low but now the scaleings posterior that one could be something here scaleings posterior lateral surface of the second rib and that goes up into C5 through C7 now that's just a little bit lower than I feel this muscle so I'm gonna look at that and be like I'm not really sure if that's the one now let's do this I'm gonna go posterior scaleings it can flex the neck and it can rotate the neck to the same side well that same side rotation bothers me again they both bother me which one doesn't bother me most well that one so is it posterior scaleings could be what I'm looking at but I'm gonna continue to look and now I'm gonna go to maybe some less common ones that we think about but tend to be commonly bothered and strain the muscle so I'm gonna go with the spleenous capitals spleenous capitals it's it's the lower half of the ligament to new chair which just runs along the the spine's processes of the C7 to T3 and C4 and C6 and where does it go into well it goes into the mastoid process and the occipital bone so what it does is it extends the head in cervical spine unilaterally it does lateral flexion to the same side and the same side of rotation okay alright well that that's potential that's a potential one that it could be but I feel like it's up higher than C4 through C6 and it's definitely not C7 to T3 it's not that low so I'm gonna look for one more muscle here and I would look at my spleenous services and that one is it starts at T3 and T6 and it runs up into the posterior tubercles of the transfers processes of C1, C2 and C3. alright I feel like it's now C1, C2, C3 that's a pretty high skip one skip one I get to like C3 and like man the C3 might be the spot and it's tricky because some of those muscles transfer they kind of C3 and C4 is where they differentiate it laterally flexes still hurt so laterally flex rotates the head neck to the same side it's a lateral and when it does when it acts unilaterally alright so I'm gonna say that it might be my spleenous services not might not be it might be my posterior scaleings well what does that mean for me well what do I do about it one is I'm gonna talk to you for a moment about what you can do as a personal trainer without actually putting your hands on somebody because putting your hands on people to sit by the way I'm pretty well educated in fitness and in massage therapy and I still don't like stretching people's necks so I'm gonna say don't put your hands on people's heads and necks and stretch them in case unless you are unless you are licensed to do so and unless you feel very very very comfortable doing that because for the most part I don't actually like stretching muscles in the neck when I certainly don't like stretching strained muscles so we're taking strained muscles take it off to take we're going to look at two other things excuse me we're going to look at muscle energy technique self-administered muscle energy technique and something called soft tissue approximation now the soft tissue approximation is the easiest one and it is by far the most boring one for your client and what does that mean that means the joint actions that the muscle does which is the one that is bothering you and we're identifying it we're going to say it's spleenous services or the posterior scaleings and they have very similar joint actions so I think either of these work I want to passively latterally flex which means I am not going to actively side-bind my neck I might lean over to a side and just let my neck fall that way and even hurts when it falls that way so I know something so and then we're going to allow it to rotate so if it does it's a lateral rotation then I'm going to let it side bend and I'm going to rotate and let my head just hang there not actively I'm very passively in that position a lot of times better to be lying down on a pillow and just lay there and the research says stay there for about three minutes and what it does is that muscle that's that short-tight overactive strain potentially strained it's just going to you're passively in that position so you don't really do anything you're just having them going to a position and do nothing for three minutes and then when it's time to get up slowly slowly get out of that position and see if it feels any better because your muscles are working really hard even while strained to protect your neck and once you strain them neurologically they're very active so if I can put them in a shortened position passively then I can generally get those muscles to calm down not by stretching them to get them to calm down but by passively shortening them and then there's another technique that you can do and it is a muscle energy technique self-administered muscle energy technique now my my neck hurts right around here so we're again we're saying that's spleenous services or posterior scaling and what I'm going to do is right hurts to sideband hurts to sideband and I did this with a musician who came into town a few years ago and one of my trainers was like he was he worked with that trainer he said I have a concert tonight I got to go on stage tonight do you have anybody that can help me with my neck and so she sent him to me and I worked on his neck and I did some muscle energy techniques and I've shown him how to do it himself before he went on stage and he was so incredibly grateful and so I'm going to teach you how to do that so that you can teach your clients a little bit here's the greatest thing it takes so little energy it's why it's called muscle energy technique and not muscle push really hard and as hard as you can technique it's not called that all you're going to do is that position that it hurts so it hurts for me to sideband to my left side so I'm going to take my left hand and I'm very very gently going to press it against my head and very gently pressing it against my head now what's happening when I press it against my my head the muscle that is bothering me is actually activating but when I let go of it the muscle is very happy and it's relaxing and now I can sideband much further and if I hold that position and I just stay in my sideband position I give a little muscle energy technique it is the lightest of pushing I'm telling you if there was a grape between my hand and my head as I push against it right now then I might not even pop the grape I might but it's that kind of tension maybe maybe not depends on how squishy or how firm your grapes are don't make that a use of them it's not intended to be and then I'm going to relax take my hand up and then I can sideband a little bit more and you can see now I already have much more range of motion doesn't mean I don't feel it it just doesn't hurt it's not stopping me it's not locking me down and I'm able to get more range of motion same thing in my rotation so if it's starting to bother me one side towards the other then I might say okay I'm going to counter-ladderly rotate to my right if that's bothering me and I give a little push little push no no popping grapes and then let go and I can get much more rotation and then go again give a little push if you're watching on YouTube this makes a lot more sense then if you're just listening to the podcast I've realized I'm doing these techniques and you're just listening I'm like and then you do this good and then this and now it's better and again it I did not unstrain mine that I didn't do any of these techniques prior to doing the show so I've been dealing with just so I could come online and show you what it looks like to actually implement these techniques and show you the range of motion that kind of occur by doing something like a self-administered muscle energy technique all right if you have no idea what I'm talking about then go check out YouTube if you are interested in learning more about what what it is that I did and I want to say thank you so much for listening thanks to our producer Eric Sourenson and please like subscribe share with your fitness friends and family leave a five star review and if you want to leave a message for me and have a topic that you want me to talk about you get a hit me up do so on Instagram at dr.ricritchie or email me rick.ricie at nasm.org y'all keep inspiring people to fitness thanks for listening this has been nasmcpt podcast

=== FILE: It's Not About The Scale [t5dW_1DuRrE].txt ===

Alright, your client walks into meet with you. After the essential niceties are out of the way, they start sharing some of their goals. Priority number one, getting the number on the scale to move in the right direction. And in their words, unsaid does they will finally be happy. Can't queue the records scratching on the turn table. That is not how it works. Well, you want to be supportive and help them work towards their goals. Here's a phrase to keep in mind. Tell them what they want, but give them what they need. You want to speak their language. And if the scale weight is what they're after, then it's not your job to completely discredit their outcome. That said, we encourage you to focus on the process of getting there, rather than the outcome of being there. And also help people turn their focus to other outcomes rather than simply a number that is measuring your relationship with gravity at that point in time. What about their energy? Did the close fit better? Is it easier to move, walk up and down the stairs, get up and down off the ground? At their last checkup, maybe they've learned their blood work hasn't improved. Maybe they're not as out of breath when they're running around with their kids, or the grandkids. All these little bits really make someone feel better. You know, maybe by changing their eating and exercise habits, they found a new sense of confidence and a boost in self-esteem. So many positive outcomes that aren't related to their weight at all. The list is endless. And none of them, again, have to do with a number. None of them. So we're not saying if someone does have a weight loss goal to completely discourage them, but rather along the way, focusing on the other benefits, though are these small wins. They can go a really long way to help build habits. Now, let's take a look at how this habit loop can play out in real life. In the last video, Karatalk talked about the cue, craving response and reward. Mary, let's say Mary, comes to you and has laid out some health goals. Now, as you talk through a typical day with her, she tells you that she struggles with the mid-afternoon slump, like so many of us. She typically works through her lunch, spends the next couple hours on confidence calls or in meetings, and then 3pm hits and she completely tanks. Her energy, her mood, and is taken out on everyone or anything in her way. Okay, let's plan this out using the cue, craving response and reward. Mary might start with a bad emotion. That she doesn't like how she feels in her body. This is her cue, which may have been brought to her, brought her to you in the first place. That cue that makes still craving, which in this case is her internal desire to change because she simply wants to feel better. The desire to change in this case would lead her to you, the trainer, as a response or maybe making some changes with her own nutrition plan. But then the challenge here is what she desires, and that is losing weight, which is outcome driven. Unfortunately, the outcome of weight loss is detached from the immediate choice of the behavior. For example, meeting friends, again, on a Tuesday night for happy hour, isn't connected to the outcome of reaching a specific body weight six months down the road, let's say. So with her ultimate reward being the scale, encouraging her along the way, it could be a challenge. If instead, the discussion is around those small daily wins, educating her through these daily choices could go a really long way. How can she reward herself with working out? Or better for your foods or swapping out choices as process outcomes instead of setting her eyes on the final outcome goal. Again, that term process outcomes is important, not looking at the final number of final goal, but what it takes to get us in the air. More videos on this topic as we continue on.

=== FILE: Media & Muscle Debunking Body Image Narratives for Women in Fitness [I8SISRZIm-0].txt ===

Hey everyone, it's your boy Andre Adams here with the NSM Peak Physic Podcast, where we dive into the science, strategies and stories behind peak performance. Today I'm joined by Special guest Amma Reacher, veteran journalist, professional bodybuilder, and author of LIFT. How women can reclaim their physical power and transform their lives. We're going to explore how women are reshaping the narrative around strength, and I'll be tying it back into what that means for athletes, coaches and competitors just like you. Be sure to like, follow and subscribe, and if possible leave a five-star review. See you guys soon. Another exciting episode of the NSM Peak Physic Podcast on your host Andre Adams, NSM Master Trainer, and IFBB Physic Olympian. And today I'm really excited to introduce our special guest, in just a moment. Our focus today will be on female body image and breaking barriers. She's had an incredible career as a journalist with the Wall Street Journal, and now is a professional bodybuilder and author of LIFT. That's a unique combination. We don't get to hear every day with that welcoming to the show for the very first time. Let's welcome Ann Marie Shaker to the Peak Physic Podcast. How's it going, Ann? Hey, Andre. Thanks for having me. Good. Likewise. I'm so happy we could connect today and talk about your amazing journey and everything that you have going on. I also want to definitely hit on that transition from journalists and to bodybuilder because again, that's very unique. And then we'll be talking about how our followers can weave and adapt some of these information in this motivation back into what they're doing as they build their own physics. Excellent. All right. Well, take us back to the beginning. We're going to rewind back to that journalist perspective. So tell me about what led you to initially cover women in fitness and strength sports and bodybuilding and what did that entail in your career? Yeah. So I guess my story is that I was a newspaper reporter. I worked at the Wall Street Journal for 27 years. And my fitness journey started at, I would say, kind of a low point in my life. After I had my second baby, I was kind of reeling from postpartum depression. Had a really hard time. It was around this time to be exact where she was born. My dad passed away suddenly of my parents lived a couple doors down and dad was walking the dog and passed away from a heart attack. And I had this newborn. And my marriage was crumbling around this time. So it was just weeks after that. My husband moved out. So it was just like this time where every kind of truth was kind of offended. And I was dealing with like a lot of loss. And so I had never been much of a drinker. But I had a really hard time sleeping. And my friend was over one evening. And we were kind of sitting across like it on the couch. And she said, you know, just have a little glass of wine maybe before you go to sleep and it'll help. And so I started having that little glass of wine and turned out into two glasses of wine and pretty soon. I was really kind of hitting the bottle all the time and just kind of in a dark space. So anyway, all of this came to my head one day. I was taking my kids and my mom on a trip. And we were going to a hockey tournament. I was coaching my daughter's hockey team. And we were saying at this, you know, Dinky Motel, we're all the families stay. And I poked my head in and there was one of the hockey moms was in this little hotel fitness room. And she looked amazing. She was like crushing this workout. And it was just the combination of her physique. But also kind of how she done this a million times. And she was recording everything on an app. And she just looked like really with it. And I felt like I was a mess. So I went up to her and I kind of said, you know, what's your story? What's your dealer? You cross-bitter. And she said, no, I do bikini competitions. And I'm a slack because it sounded like I'd never heard of this. So what is that like, you know, beauty contest when she said, this is the sort of body building and a macros. And I have a coach and I did it. And I thought, wow, you know, you look amazing. I looked terrible. Like, like, I would love the name of this coach that you're working with. And so she said, yeah, I know. I'll give you she works with not just body builders, but just people who are trying to get healthier. And Romans forgot about the exchange. But when I got back home, this woman's name was in my inbox. And so I reached out to her. And that's where my journey kind of began. She was this retired body builder who coached women. And that's where it all started. It's it's beautiful when you think about that journey to and because we've all been at that point sometime in our life where we feel like we're at rock right? You mentioned like the loss of your dad and going for your own issues, which again, 99% of everyone on this planet, we're going to experience some level of loss similar to that. And when it all hits, it's very important that you've got some way to climb out of rock bottom. And for you, like many others, fitness, you know, was that therapy for you? Was that thing that helped get you out of that and channel some of that energy back into something constructive? And I think that's a beautiful story to tell. Like even though again, we're taking that negative, but we're finding a positive outlet for that. So that's awesome. And I always say this too, because this law of attraction. And that's no coincidence that you happen to pop your head in that day and just happen at that moment to, you know, see this young lady getting in shape. It was meant to be. And it's awesome because it inspired you. And now you've inspired many along your own journey. You know, that's so true. I think about that moment a lot. And what that moment kind of inspired and it, like, kind of formed this whole trajectory of my life. And you know, yes, like what you said, shit, get hard. It gets really hard. And it's not like, you know, that was a tough moment. But there have been other tough moments since then, you know? And what I love about strength is it's for me, the lift in the gym. It's not just a physical thing. And I actually learned this from another competitor that for me, the lift is almost kind of an allegory, right? It's like, I imagine all the crap of the day or things that are bothering me or things that I just want to, I just want to eliminate or people who bug me or whatever it is. It's like, I picture that and I physically lift it. And it's almost like a physical manifestation. And I tell you, it's the combination, the, the chemical reaction of what happens in the gym and kind of this, almost allegory helps me kind of when I come back from a good lift, it's like my entire day is changed. I perform better. Everything feels lighter. It's like I can do, I can overcome or do anything. It's magic. I can't say enough. It is. You know, some people pay it there, pissed, some people are the church. But you know, you can pay your dues and iron as well. And it definitely is therapeutic. It's the one of the number one stress reliefs on the planet. And I think that's, again, it's great that you've laid that foundation and you can always come back to that because we're always going to have things that pop up in life, but this can be one of those consistencies that lays the foundation. And, you know, one thing that I'd love for you to dive into also is looking at your time as a journal, especially how does mainstream? So, if we think about mainstream outlets, even like Wall Street Journal, for example, social media and what have you, how does that shape the public perception of women's fitness or women's physics? Right? When we're thinking about things like body image or thinking about self-esteem, how do mainstream outlets shape that? Well, what I thought was so interesting about this journey was when I started working with this coach, I had always associated fitness with trying to reduce, you know, a reduction effort. So, it was about getting thin, right? And it's this conceit that as women, we are, you know, from day one, we are told that skinny is success. And here's how to get it, here's how to find it, and you're not enough if you don't get it. And it becomes like this message that we are bombarded with everywhere. So much so that it's like the color of paint on the wall, you know, it's like you see it so much. You stop even recognizing it. It's in the grocery, you know, weathings, lean cuisine, skinny jeans. It's just in every message we get. And I, you know, I had been an athlete growing up, but then it was like after, you know, after college and starting work, it was like sports were gone, and it was all kind of like everything was about, you know, yoga or, you know, lean muscle and trying to get thin and the, the mommy groups running marathons. And none of this like was interesting to me and it all kind of seemed directed to again, trying to be less. So, what I thought was so cool about working with a bodybuilding coach and being kind of in this rabbit hole now of power lifters and women who lifted was that it was all about the mournus, right? It was about building and kind of making more muscle and kind of like I put on like look at my new, you know, by-sup and I was in this close Facebook group and the chatter was all about like look at the more of me and eating more like one of the things that I found with my coach was that like I wasn't eating nearly enough, which surprised me because I always thought like I'm supposed to eat less and try to eat less and cut calories and it was about no, like eat to optimize your, your body, eat like an athlete and more protein and more. So, what was fascinating to me is that my physique, when I found the mournus, like my physique started changing, I was building muscle but, you know, also leaning out and for the first time I started wearing a two-piece swimsuit and, you know, my confidence went way up and so that that really was the knob of why do you want to explore this that like, why my whole life had I been taught to chase less when it seemed so clear to me that I performed better, you know, I would come back to my desk after a good lift and I would sound more confident on the phone. My story ideas were better. I was more creative. I was, you know, I started wearing lipstick again and created a match.com profile and I met my future husband like, all of these things were happening to me that were so positive and I, I just, the more I thought about it, the more it was insane that like all of us women had been taught to chase less of, less of ourselves when the answer was in the more of ourselves and muscle and, um, so I really wanted to explore a book that, looked at, well, what is this skinny thing and how did it ever come to be and, and why and, um, why and how muscle was so the science of it and why it was so important and why we should all be chasing it. Right and it really is about building to your point, you know, you went through your own recomp which is that phase where, you know, we're improving our body composition, we're building scale and muscle, we're losing body fat, but what are we gaining beyond muscle, we're also gaining emotional strength, we're gaining physical strength and I tell people this all the time, it's beautiful when you stop and think about how something as simple as the sport of body building actually mirrors a lot of the attributes that we need to be successful in other areas of life. When we think about self-discipline, consistency, self-efficacy, confidence, right, consistency, all the things that make you successful in a relationship, as a parent, as an employee or an entrepreneur, those same disciplines mirror what we do in body building. So I love it, it all ties together as full circle and one other thing I'd love to highlight there too before we move off the media because again we talked about how like media can shift the perception of women's strength and fitness and how we're building not just physically but emotional strength through body building. Let's highlight maybe where media narratives can also diverge from like the real athlete experiences, you know examples you mentioned the, you know, getting lean, getting skinny, getting less, right and we're like no let's we need to feed you, we need to you know output more energy, we need to grow, right body building is about growing and I think other areas where like mainstream media might diverge a little bit from our actual athlete experience is body building is always considered masculine, right a lot of women will get shamed because it's like all you're lifting heavy weights, you're going to get bulky, you're going to look like a man. It's selfish is what they're were told, right but in order to be successful at anything you actually have to take a little mean time and focus on improving yourself, right? So if that's what it takes going to college would be selfish or trying to get a promotion at work would be selfish, right? So body building is no different we've got to round ourselves by giving ourselves a love so that we can grow and ascend to that next level and then one other area that we can definitely chop it up on when we're talking about like especially on social media but even in you know magazines and mainstream I think anything including the sport of body building can tend to be overly sexualized, right where women are maybe looked at of jack you know or objectified when it's maybe out of contact. So you know has that come up in your career and how have you navigated that or what would be your advice to people that have that stereotype that you know the sport is just very sexualized? Mm-hmm. Well I have that also I remember one my my coach said you know I started working with her just because I thought I could benefit from you know having a gym program and learning more about how to eat better and I didn't really so after um I don't know six months or a year of working with her she said you know you put on muscle really easily you should consider competing and I thought oh no no no that is like so cheesy like I'd seen the fake tans and the blingy bikinis and the clear stripper heels and I was like no no no no I'm like a Wall Street Journal reporter and what would my boss is think of what my mother think and no no that's not for me and then you know at some point like I just really like loved the community and I was really like proud of like the body I was building and I was really interested in it and I thought you know what I'm gonna do it I'm gonna go for it and it'll be like this one time thing and maybe I'll write about it and that'll be that um so I decided to do it and I fell in love with it I fell in love with the look of muscle on a body and being able to see it and I just thought bodies were so much beautiful and interesting with muscle on them and um and I loved kind of the crazy you know the carnival aspect of like these shows and people come in together and like from all walks of life you know you have red state blue state every you know socioeconomic class race religion to everybody so diverse and we all come together to like you know compete on these stages and I thought it was such a trip and um I had a blast I had a blast doing the sexy walk I had a blast posing I had a blast and the sprite meeting new people and you know you come back to these shows and you know you see the same coaches and the competitors and it's like you make friends and I just I just loved it so um yeah I mean for me like sexy is part of the fun I like that part it's uh I lived in it I inhabited a very like you know straight-laced intellectual like always in like computer in my head writing words and it just kind of the physical just kind of this space took me out into another aspect of exploring myself and um I've always enjoyed it I don't know if I'll be doing it forever but I still enjoy it I'm competing um again starting this fall um I'm really looking forward to competing as a pro for the first time yeah it's I mean honestly it's an incredible experience so for you guys that it may be thinking about competing we can highly highly recommend and encourage get you a good coach for one yes but I promise you if you have the right experience the right people around you you're going to tap into a different gear a different part of yourself that you probably didn't know existed and I promise you are going to love the experience and it's like planning for a wedding or something you put all this work in for months and months and months and then you blink and it's over and you're like immediately I want to do this again I want to do it better right you get all this feedback and things that you can improve and that's the beauty is we're always chasing this perfection there's no such thing as perfection but that's what we're chasing and it's a continuum that it's motivating we've got structure we've got goals and again you can apply that same goal setting logic to anything else you're doing you know and then just you know having coached myself over at this point gosh probably we're 500 athletes over the last 15 years at all levels from novice to IFBV Olympians I can definitely tell you exactly the experience that you described it's the most common experience people that didn't even know that maybe they would be successful body builders or you know I might scout somebody at the gym like oh this you know this person has potential they should consider bodybuilding and you know maybe that first conversation it's like no no I'm too shy I never thought about doing that or what would my mom think and then you fast forward a year and there an overall champion and they're just in love with the sport so I love that you also mentioned that because it it really is the most common thing it's an experience and it's a platform of self expression for us right our bodies are our masterpieces and we can improve our health inside and out when we're more healthy we feel better we look better we're more confident and overall quality life is just better so I love it definitely glad that you took advantage of that and you're coming back this fall so I'm sure you'll do phenomenal this fall and you know going on that same line of thinking you know how did the training so let's talk about the training I'd love to hear a little bit about your training style to how many days per week you know are you you know progressing intensity or changing periodizations or changing phases within your training periodically you know let's share with the followers what is your training look like and how is it also shaping your strength and your body image as you're going through prep? Oh that is such a great and big and complex question so I guess like I'll talk about what the sport is generally like for me and why it's so different than any and why I'm drawn to it we we talked about how I kind of fell in love with the look of muscle and also like sports in the past like they're all about like the performance in terms of like beating the time or winning the match or and this sport is so different because the the the work is in the day-to-day right and it doesn't look sexy the work is in the lifestyle it's in the micro decisions of what we put in our bodies um what we slurped what we what time we work out it's really boring and on sexy and it's like and that grind that lifestyle grind is what is really attractive to me because it's like it makes you look at your life in a way that like I can live this life of discipline and being an athlete as I'm being a journalist being a mom like I can totally do this while I'm juggling all of these other aspects of my life and that is super hard and that is like kind of the fun badass challenge to me I don't know if that makes sense but um that's why so rather than like the performative it's more like the diurnal that way I love um and um it sounds really weird but yeah it all kind of comes together at the end in this like weird like carnival aspect of like bling and fake tan and fake nails and big hair and muscles and like I love all that I love all that so yeah it's like nothing else it's like no other sport and it can be like incredibly frustrating and matinee because I've had times where like I've put in the work and I like I remember one show in particular um I was condensed that I was the best one on the stage and I remember like listening to the judges call out I was like I thought I was gonna win and they put the Southern girl first and I must have had this like look on my face without realising and I could hear my coach from the audience kind of like calling me out like fix your face and so I like put on this but it's just like it is subjective and um you can't I mean you can't do it for that reason so it's really taught me a lot about like why I do things and like competing against yourself like I used to be really focused on winning and being the best one and you can only control what you can control and you can only control like beating your package from the year before and it's easy to say but uh it's something that I really kind of taken with me in life too like you can't worry about what other people you have to really like know that you gave it your all and be good with that and feel good in your skin and like it's just really valuable stuff so I've continued to learn as a now god I'm a 50 year old athlete now and I still um learn and grow from competing and from my experience and misfortune so it's very very cool and it's it's given me a lot well that's where the cliche as cliche as it sounds the fall in love with the process really came from right because most people I'll say this a lot of people do get into this part for the wrong reason and they fall in love with the outcomes and not the process and that's a temporary high right it's temporary if you happen to win an overall or you get to pro card or you know you qualify for the Olympia that's a temporary high and it's always a fleeting feeling that you feel on club nine and then after a couple weeks you kind of forget and you need that constant external but when it's truly intrinsic the thing that motivates us most is falling in love with the framework that leads us to be successful right and again that framework mirrors bodybuilding it mirrors life but that's the daily habits the daily decisions that add up to these really big results later on and when you fall in love with that part of the process you're unstoppable it doesn't matter if it's one show or ten shows the the whole concept is that every single time you step on that stage that you have made an improvement whether it's one percent or five percent your better every time right so that's how I try to approach life too is with that same mentality is every time I do something I want to be one to two percent better same thing as if I'm stepping on stage so definitely set the up for success you've got beautiful framework that you can fall back on and you know I think also the same way we approach even like any a-s-m when we're programming there's right what we call periodization where we're in phase one phase two phase three it's very similar when we're walking throughout a prep when we're you know going throughout the course of life you can kind of break things up into different phases and you know progress your way through them so I love it I think that's a great mindset to have and other things I want to definitely dive in with you while we got to today is going to be empowerment and how can we tie that back into training applications so you know I know one of your missions right your core values is to empower women to reclaim their physical power right what practical steps does that look like what what actionable things especially as an athlete now and who knows maybe one day you'll be working with other athletes as well but what advice would you have to you know for women that are looking to empower themselves and reclaim that yeah so I think like we're in this really interesting time right now where we've kind of two things going on we've got like GLP ones have come to the fore and so there's this like return like this big movement to you know to moving back to this lessness model well at the same time you've got this you know in the female space you've got like the the menopause space and the women in mid-life space interested now more than ever I think in the power of muscle and what it can do for strengthening bone and combating osteoporosis and osteoporosis you have all this interest in women now exploring strength and weightlifting and and this is this is positive so I guess this brings me to models of self care that like we've also all been taught that like oh you know self care is important that you know Kell gone take me away or getting a manicur or this cream or you know it's something self care is something you buy and I would encourage women to think about self care as making the time to find your strength so it's super important to be consistent and for me I like to think in terms of rules of three right so three times a week shoot for maybe three exercises three sets of 10 30 minutes and if you can use that as a starting point go in and tell yourself just going to do three things three things three sets of eight to 10 so maybe it'll be an upper body thing maybe it'll be a leg thing but if you can do three things three sets of each one and give yourself 30 minutes no goofing off you're just going to go in 30 minutes I swear to you you will if you can do that for four weeks six weeks eight weeks you will have set yourself up and then you can build from there but you know I truly believe my work in this book kind of showed me that science and anthropology and early history shows that women were inherent athletes that we weren't like outpicking berries in the field and while men hunted we were an integral part of agriculture we were like early bone studies show that we were these strong badass beings but this whole like diminutive like women should be polite and small and then is really just a product of the 20th century that actually we are our birth rate is that we are these buck badasses and we were lifting heavy things back in the day and we were athletes and so that's who we are that's how our bodies perform best and so I challenge women to think of self-care as like going back to that badass cave woman warrior giving yourself 30 minutes three times a week to grunt lift heavy things clang a barbell get sweaty you will come home and you will feel so good and you will have done so much good for your body. Yeah for you guys that are listening if you don't believe us I highly highly I will put an open challenge to all my guy athletes out there we actually did this at my gym here at step in this canocial last year but I highly challenge you guys to walk into any gym and challenge some of the female athletes to hit for us I promise you to keep it won't get so that we had a funny challenge in house a lot of my guy physique and bodybuilding competitors could not keep up with our girls on any of the group rich hip thrust so you guys are you hit on something there very important too and on when we're talking about goal setting we're talking about executing on things one thing I learned actually for my 20 years and corporate leadership is when we have things like strategic initiatives priorities or whatever we might call them you know a lot of things that I will say common mistakes people make in any goals is they have too many goals on their plate right they have 5 10 20 things that they're trying to accomplish at once and you hit on something very important there but we can narrow that focus down let's say one to three things at a time what happens is your ability to execute on those goes through the roof right you're going to have 90 to 100% execution on those one to three things but if we had those one to three things plus 10 other things all on our plate at once our percentage of execution goes way down we might accomplish nothing or 10 to 15% of what's on this massive list so for you guys that are trying to take some of these strategies implement them and make them actionable use that advice of keeping the focus on one two or three things at a time as you you know walk throughout this empowerment journey of your own I love that I also feel like I can't focus if I've got more than three things that I wanted to like life is complicated I've got too many things swimming in my brain it gets too complicated like three is about all I can remember anyway so don't over-complicate this is a rocket science right this is about taking the time don't look for motivation because it ain't going to happen I've never motivated to go work out are you kidding me I don't know about you but it's like often it's just like the last thing I'd want to do that is to go to the gym I work out there's a million I'd rather you know watch TV bond bonds you know to million other things you make yourself do it and once you do it like a lot of things in life you're really glad you did but it's just a habit that you do it's just the thing you do like brushing your teeth or anything else you make yourself though and then be done with it and your glad you did it yeah that's exactly right and it takes about three to four weeks to really transition you know those habits into a full routine so for you guys gonna maybe just be getting that empowerment of that fitness journey don't get discouraged if one or two weeks in you're like gosh this is hard I feel like giving up you know maybe I should just quit promise you keep going and by the time you get to that third or fourth week things do tend to get easier because you've now established that habit and routine and then you know just even going back to something else you mentioned earlier and about you know the your rule of three will call it I like that right when we think about things like atomic habits when we can bring those habits down into small palatable steps right where it's like I'm not going from sedentary to saying hey you got to be in the gym five days a week for an hour you got to hit you know four days a fast to cardio for for 45 minutes if we went from zero to a hundred most people are going to get overwhelmed and ultimately quit but when we can say hey look give me three days don't even worry about how great your workouts are if you're there for ten minutes or an hour give me three days that you just show up show up at yes right and after five minutes hey look if you're not feeling it you can you can go home and rest that day I promise once you're in there you're gonna be like you know what the hardest part was just getting here I actually feel pretty good now right and yeah you're normal workout so start you know refocusing on those small actionable steps that behaviors the micro decisions and habits that are going to make you successful in the long run I think it's also important for people to look at stacking those wins right when we think about walking throughout a prep when we think about beginning that empowerment journey look for the small wins don't look for the home runs when we can stack wins like we just talked about getting to the gym three three days this week you know making sure I get my three to six meals in you know this week and you start checking these boxes it's no different than when we're programming on the training side we talk about progressive overloading right and those strength markers building confidence while stacking those small wins over time also builds confidence so there's many reasons we do it and this is also why we highly encourage you guys to make sure that you either have a coach that can hold you accountable right or you've at least gotten accountability partner maybe it's a best friend maybe it's your gym partner lifting partner but you do want to have normal frequent check-ins because all of us myself included will send a fall off track over time if we're not doing you know for not keeping score right suddenly when we're keeping score our selection gets a lot smarter we're more consistent right if you're you know any kind of team sport for example we we start to make better plays as a team so make sure you're tracking your progress you're keeping score and again we want to over all redefine which strong looks like and is there anything else that you would like to leave our followers with today maybe it's from your book maybe it's you know obviously you got some big shows coming up maybe it's things that you guys are implementing you know getting back on stage but anything else you'd like to leave our followers with today um you know it's the thing that you just said Andre which resonated with me it thought was so smart just to give yourself give yourself a little out I do that so often you know I go to the gym sometimes if I really don't feel like it I will say you know what I'm not even going to put any weight on I'm just going to do body weight I'm just going to do one thing body weight see how I feel and if I'm not feeling it I'm going to go and I have never taken that out I go in I'll hit the squat rack and I'll put no weight on the squat rack and I'll just do 10 with the bar and then I'll say you know what I'll put on like a little bit more and then I'll give myself permission to go and I'll put a little bit more and then you know I felt pretty good I look pretty good in there I'm going to put a little bit more on and then it goes from there and you know it's just um the power of showing up is pretty cool and the power of like even like I'll show up and feel like I don't like the way I look in the mirror but it's there's something that happens after that second set or that third set I'll look in the mirror I'll say oh bad and it's because like get endorphins are kicking in I'm feeling and I just can't say enough good things I and and don't um I would tell women don't think it's it's it's not for you it is for you it is absolutely for you it is your um you are a beast you have always been an athlete the way you juggle rolls the way you multitask you are strong don't fear your strength build on it and and you know you can you can do it you can do it if I can do it you can do it that's right everyone on this planet has the capacity to do great things in fitness it can be that launching pad that helps you excel in other areas of your life as well so to your point take away there guys you can really you know talk yourself in or out of something so make sure that you avoid the negative self talk if you feel those thoughts flooding in make sure you redirect your aware of it and you want to redirect to positive self talk yes I can do this you know what I did this maybe I can do a little bit more right and again surround yourself with the right support circle the right people read and book follow the peep physique podcast all the things that are going to help you guys stay accountable and excelling and you know it's been a absolute pleasure I feel like we could probably talk all day we're definitely going to have to circle back because I want to know more about your journey back on stage this fall as well okay thank you so much for sharing that journey lots of perspective and strategies for our followers today where can our followers connect with you online so I'm on instagram and re-chaker and I do write a sub-stack called lift if you're on sub-stack it's lift by an re-chaker and you can find my book on amazon.com or anywhere books are sold I will say if you're just starting out chapter six or chapter seven of the book gives you a nice framework on how to start you know you don't know the first thing what to do how to approach your week things that you can have at home things that you can do in the gym how to kind of structure and then chapter seven I think it is is like how to kind of approach nutrition and protein and how to stretch your meals for yourself for your family it's not recipes it's not complicated it's just ways that I throw food together for that that are easy and simple and it's it's just it's the way I eat and it's a good way to get started for anyone I love it so for those of you listening if you'd like to dive deeper definitely be sure to check out Anne's book lift you can find out amazon you know how women can reclaim their physical power and transform their lives we can also drop a link maybe in the notes or something what's you know we post our episode live and you know thinking back just high level using these strategies you can really boost confidence you can boost self efficacy discipline consistency your performance all these different aspects of your life so you're overall well being can really be supported by implementing everything we talked about today and as always remember the real value comes from putting these ideas into action whether you're coaching athletes you're prepping for the stage you're trying to get that promotion at work or improve your relationships at home you know it's really about applying the mindset and all the methods that we talk about not on just on this episode but in general here on the peep busy podcast the guys if you feel like you've got value out of this episode you learned something new today or you were inspired we highly encourage you to like subscribe and also share with at least one friend we thank you all for tuning in as always and I look forward to seeing you guys on the next episode

=== FILE: Medical Vs. Corrective Exercise [tj_1Tf52YUk].txt ===

Thank you for joining us. This is the NESM CPT podcast and our Facebook live webcast that are running in tandem. Thanks so much for being a part of it and for joining us and we've had some wonderful support throughout the last, I guess, several weeks, probably a couple months at this point with the webcast and then taking that audio and repurposing it with our podcast. We have had some wonderful guests and those guests have included researchers and practitioners and business owners and business coaches. So speaking of next week, we will have Rachel Cosgrove is going to be joining us. So I'm excited about that and just come in really handy for all of you fitness and business entrepreneurs as one of the owners of results you and help us all to try to get back on our feet post COVID. But for now, I have a very special guest, a guest that I have to explain maybe a little bit about. One is I've really got a chance to meet him because I picked up his presenter packet Monday at Idea World and when I got it, I realized that I don't know any of this information and I am not teaching nearly this many courses and I realized that it was my cousin, Brian Richie, who is there and we got a chance to really get to know each other and hang out together and enjoy being educators and presenters at fitness conferences, sharing the last name, sharing the stage and presenting on exercise and so with that being said, I want to have Brian say hello, introduce himself, tell us a little bit about your man. Dude, it's so good to see you. I'm glad you're on this. Thanks. It's great to see you too. I can't see how many times I would check into a hotel at some of these presenters and immediately you do a lot of the pre-con stuff. So what I've noticed is they always say, well, you were ejecting and I said, yeah, no, I'm standing here here in my bags and they say, no, it says right here, Rick Rick, and I said, no, I'm Brian Richie. Oh, let me see if we have you, please have me. Please have my hotel room, please. Oh, yeah, my name is Brian Richie. I'm a medical exercise specialist, which means that I specialize in managing people's medical conditions through exercise. Unlike a physical therapist who can do a whole lot more than we can do, all we can really do is the exercise aspect of it. But there's so much that we can do with exercise. Let's face it. I've had a number of physical therapists even tell me, look, you guys are the exercise experts. We're not. PT is no, I'll whole lot about exercise, but we really have the lion share. We know 10 times more than they do because they get to focus on other things. We just focus on the exercise and that's fabulous. We love that aspect of it. I'm the owner operator for life DC, which is a medical exercise studio here in Washington, DC, 90 to 95% of the people that walk through my door have some sort of medical condition, whether it be neurologic metabolic or or a p-day. And I'd say 80 plus percent come from the orthopedic variety. So we see a lot of these and hips and backs and shoulders and whatnot. So I've been teaching all over the world for the last, probably 10 years or so, about medical exercise and about helping people manage those conditions and helping personal trainer help their own clients. Because I'm sure you're in the field like I am, you do a lot of corrective exercise and that's what you're known for. And I can't tell you how many times I keep hearing people say, you know, I have a disperniation. Oh, I can handle that. Where trainers will say, I can do that. I can do that. And look, when we first start out, we're hungry for the money. We don't want to turn anybody away. You know, and I feel it's the same sort of thing that we get caught up in that aspect. And my thing is staying your lane, you know, and if I can help you as a personal trainer, help your clients than I've done my job. Yeah, I love that. And I want to get, let's talk just from your perspective as a medical fitness professional. What is the difference between medical fitness and medical exercise and corrective exercise? What does that look like to you from your perspective? From my perspective, a lot of corrective, first of all, I joke about this all the time when I speak in class. I say, I'll exercise this corrected. Because in truth, we're all trying to, I like that. Trying to, you know, I have wait to lose. I want to gain muscle. I want to do this. I want to create a change in my body. So I have something to correct. And so for me, it's okay. We're going to take a look, especially in corrective exercise at muscular imbalances. That's something that's huge. Now, could those muscular imbalances be causing pain? Absolutely, 100%. But when we're talking about medical exercise, we're going to be talking about specific medical conditions. So when you have someone who has, let's say, spinal loastices or stenosis or discrepanation or something like that, they actually think it's very specific to their body. That's not going to fall under the generalized low back pain category, which tells me, okay, for that person, they have certain parameters in exercise that we need to stick with. There are certain contradictions for every single injury out there. And if I don't abide by those, I can actually hurt this person. I actually had a staff member who thought she knew more than she did. She no longer with me at the moment. But at the time, she thought she knew more than she did. And we had a client come in with spinal loastices. And I said, okay, here's a personalist, personalist thesis. Make sure you do this, this, this, this, and this. And one of the things is, no, go back extension. You have to limit their extension. They need to be in a more of a posterior tilt throughout. So I said, make sure you don't do any back extension. Well, one of the first days she worked with this person, she had her doing back extension exercises. Low outer back completely, center back to the hospital. It was a horrific situation. And it's those kind of situations that I keep hearing about from other fitness professionals that they're injuring their people because they really don't know what they're doing. And a lot of people will say, well, every single person I worked. Okay, we've, we've got a frozen Brian rich to read now. Are you back with us there? Are you froze for a moment? Okay, so, so let's pick back up where you were talking about the back extension, she went to the hospital was bad, and that you're seeing this and pick up there if you don't mind. Yeah, so I'm seeing this when I, when I even go to the gym, I go to buy my house. I can't help it. I over here, conversations that I'm hearing trainers talk. And they always say this, you know, I have 100% success rate. And like, is that truth or did the person just not come back because they were hurt? Because I've also heard people talk about that and the locker room saying, oh, yeah, I worked with so and so, but man, really hurt my shoulder really bad, you know, so I haven't seen him since. And like, but you know, tell the trader that because your friends and you don't want to hurt their feelings or whatnot, you don't have 100% success rate. So for me, when we talk about medical conditions, I really want to make sure that people understand that first of all, do you know further harm? We want to make sure that we stick with their contraindications, and that we're not going beyond our scope of practice. And that's huge in our industry right now. Yeah. Let me just run this by you. So we have another organization called the American College of Sports Medicine. And yeah, you have probably my favorite tagline that says exercise is medicine. And I love that. I think it's wonderful to look at exercise as medicine. But a lot of times when we see this and we know that there are chronic pathologies that can be mitigated and augmented and in some cases eradicated and the people who are not fit become fit and it is harder for fitter people to experience some of these things. So and that includes heart disease and stroke some cancers, certainly diabetes. There are many parts of this medical component. I was speaking with Lisa's daughter, already yesterday, from the MedFit Network, which which I think you've been connected with. So and I was discussing it with her and the list goes on from ALS to MS into all of these chronic pathologies that people have. And exercise is a medicine that helps to support people with that. And so I love that as a tagline. But I've also heard trainers sometimes flippantly say things like the reason something hurts is because they're not strong enough or because they're not stable enough. And this is just generalizing conversation and and it's zero assessment. It's just their opinion and it is a blanket opinion that if somebody is weaker in pain than it's because they're not strong enough and they need to have heard this multiple times, they need to work on their deadlift. And then sometimes it is they're not stable enough. And it's amazing how you know there's we come up with these ideas and we tell the with tell ourselves, this is the answer before I know what the real questions are. And you're familiar with something called the Dunning Crew Perfect where it is when people who are beginners think that they know more than what they know. And the graph is pretty interesting. It starts people up really high in their education and their opinion of themselves. So that's why when you first open a business and you hear about marketing and everything they say you're like that's so simple. You're job so easy. I can do that. And the more you learn about it, the more you see that drop off and realize how much you don't know. And then we've it starts to to tick back up as you get more and more education. You have to know something to know that you don't know it. And there are a lot of people out there that just don't know that they don't know what they're talking about. Absolutely. Absolutely. I used to joke with people when I was in my twenties. I knew everything. In my thirties I realized I don't know everything. In my thirties I realized I don't know anything. I'm still going to. You know and I'm figure by the time I'm 60 I'm going to be like a kindergarten again learning everything all over again. We're constantly learning. And I get a lot of people. I'm sure you do the same. We get a lot of people that come to our classes and they come up to me afterwards and say I want to do what you do. I want to teach. And my first thing to them is great. What do you have to say? What is your experience? Love? What do you have to say that's different than everybody else? And most of these people are in their twenties and they feel like I have so much knowledge okay but you need more experience sometimes. And I agree with you. I do hear that all the time. Oh you're not strong enough. Your muscles aren't strong enough. And stable enough which is great. Exitability is something that they need. Great work on their stability. No problem but in general when you do a mass generalization like that to just everybody of like its statement. You're really doing yourself and us a disservice because like you said there's no assessment. You're not taking a look at them. Something that I feel is very important and I speak about this and on my classes and every single person that comes through my door. They go through an assessment process that first session and it could take an hour and a half whatever it takes it takes. And I want to do their whole medical history. I want to know everything that happened. You spraying drink when you were 14. Great. You know I want everything because what I see with your body and movement today is probably because of all of those things that happened in the past. So I need to know and have the biggest picture possible. Then we do movement and I watch their body mode move and I can see different patterns. I can see where weaknesses are. I can see where and balances are. And then that can speak with their medical condition and we can say okay I have a better picture of you. Now let's do these exercises. Now let's create something that's been bothering me in the last probably three to five years is the big push on mobility. I can't tell you how many people and I think mobility is incredibly important. We need it. However, what I'm seeing is too many people are focusing only on the mobility aspect and now leaving aside stability. And they're having people who are way too hyper mobile. And if you've ever worked with a dancer you're in New York you work with dancers. You work with a hyper mobility issue that's a huge issue. Huge issue. So now we have these athletes coming in who are working on nothing but mobility exercises and they're not stable at all. I've had professional athletes here on my table and I have them do the simplest exercises and they can't do it. Because they have no stability and it's like okay we have to create that. And it may take us a week it may take us a month but once we create it it's great. And then they say I'm so much stronger now. Well good now we've worked from the inside out. Right and isn't that interesting too because I think probably one of the more fascinating things is that you get these really strong athletes on the table and you do your work with them and you focus on stability and you don't focus on strength or power or force output or anything like that and then you run through a stability program and then suddenly they're stronger in every other way. And it's pretty remarkable to see it and to experience that first hand. But when you get somebody that is unstable then you kind of the central nervous system down regulating that information that feed to the other muscles around it. I am not going to allow the deltoids to work as much as they need to to go overhead press if the shoulder is unstable and it's going to turn down and down regulate that activation and in those muscles all around the shoulder and the shoulder girdle. And so all you're doing through stability is giving them access to strength that they already own. They may already have the strength in their shoulders and their triceps to press overhead they just can't access it. So the thing that I've realized over the years I don't know about your age I'm not gonna ask your age I'm 49. The older I get and the more I've seen with clients certain muscles atrophy naturally just through age. Aging disuse certain muscles automatically automatically atrophy and they get weaker. And what I find is a lot of those are the stabilizing muscles. So that we become progressively weaker and weaker and weaker even though we seem to be strong but we're not like you said our center nervous system isn't supporting our system. So we're not strong. We're not maintaining that stability so our joints are working the way they're supposed to. They're not working with proper joint congruities so they're not going to support what we need. When we're young we have all that support and it comes naturally how many athletes in their 20s do we really have to work on stability a lot of them come naturally. We have to do a little bit but it's not the same as a 45 year old athlete where we have to really focus now on a lot more stability in order to get them stronger again. And I get that I get the athlete who's been you know on the industry reserve for a couple of seasons or whatnot and they say I just can't seem to get back to where I was and I say well it's because you're still training like you're 25. You're not 25 anymore. Now we need to train you a little bit differently and focus more on other things and suddenly we're focusing more on longevity and training for life and now they're feeling better they are stable. They are mobile in the right ways and oh my gosh they're about moving properly. Let's shift it back I want to talk a little bit more about medical fitness and what that looks like because I think in many instances our community through our corrective exercise program and even through our regular certified personal trainer program where we go through assessments and some of the postural things that go on and what are some the short-titled interactive muscle, interactive muscle stabilization and then we progress them through our model but the populations, the special populations, our medical populations, we tend to work with people when we get them and like you said early on you don't want to turn anybody away you want to you want the work you want the money. I I early on definitely turns in people away because I was just so scared I was like I just don't know what on earth to do with this person and then at some point as I trained more I got more comfortable but I didn't necessarily get more educated early on and what things were for folks with heart disease or with diabetes or who have had a stroke or and I probably keep it more towards heart disease and diabetes simply because we are now talking about more than half probably of the American population. So what are some of the things and you can break them down and touch on them individually whether it's heart disease or diabetes but what are some of the things that are relevant to you as a medical exercise specialist when it comes to those populations just so our community gets an insight into what it is that you do and then how you work with those people and then with that being said is there any direction that that we can learn a little bit more about some of these populations and and how to support them. Sure. When I was first learning this I was actually told two populations you want to if you specialize in these two populations you're going to make money and have a line out the door. Hypertension and diabetes those are two big ones and it scares everybody. Hypertension scares the pads off a lot of people and it's because well let's face it you can kill them okay if you're not monitoring that you could actually cause a whole lot more harm than good in fact I had one client who came into me and I talked with him he was so gummed whole he was probably in his late 70s so gummed whole and ready to exercise. Yes all right I talked to his doctor and his doctor said don't you do anything with him. This is on the phone he's yelling at me and I said okay okay I said well explain to me what's going on and he said okay he has the most unstable blood pressure anyone I've ever met and I said what do you mean he said measure it over the course of 10 minutes and you're going to get 30 different numbers the numbers going to keep jumping up and down and he was right I kept a cuff on and during the entire session I had a line down the whole session the first one I got the permission from the doctor I said look we need to focus on stability he's got incredibly bad stenosis he's got rating pain down both legs we really need to help alleviate some of that if we can through strengthening and through stability and he agreed with that so I said I'm just going to have a lie down the whole session he said fine perfect his blood pressure would be 180 over 120 one minute and then the next minute be back down to 90 over 50 and the next be and it was jumping all over the place there was no consistency whatsoever and the doctor said he is a heart attack waiting to happen and I said okay let's calm this down and we really took it super easy everything was on the table everything was done supine or prone you know in safe and we monitor him the whole time now that someone with incredibly unstable now most people are going to be relatively stable they've got high blood pressure okay most are going to be on some sort of medication for it and if they're not on medication the doctors told them they need to exercise our main thing is okay we just need to follow some guidelines we need to make sure that they're not over a certain number or to strength you know to work I just have them whenever they come in I have an automatic cuff I've got a really good one I say here take it before you start sit in the chair for two or three four five minutes put it on press the button then before you get on a piece of cardio equipment tell me which one numbers are and I'm on and put it down and that way I can monitor that and I say if it's over you know let's say it's 180 over 120 I said you're too high right now stay there sit down for another five ten minutes read a magazine relax see if it comes down and if it doesn't you're going home today but for the most part it's not going to be that high and it's within the range you know it's in the safe area to train you know cardio vascular if it's below one six if they're a systolic below one six and you're you're good to go so a lot of times that's my sort of number that it's like okay you're below one sixty we can start doing this you know 160 over 90 you're fine let's go let's let's train but we're gonna monitor this and I'm monitored various times during their session if they need to 90% of the time though they come in and their blood pressures perfectly fine text or signs and they need to exercise they need someone to be able to monitor them so it's pretty simple to do so that's someone with high hypertension with diabetes they just have to monitor their glucose they know what's safe and what's not and if you know anybody who's type one diabetes they can tell you when they start getting shaking okay I I'm not diabetic but I have reactive hypoglycemia a little bit so occasionally I actually feel what they feel like it you know what you feel like when you're starting to get low you know you feel that and when it occurs I have had one gentleman who said oh it's happening hang on I got to go measure and it's in the middle of the session as a dude he measures it okay he takes some glucose he sits down he measures it again his it's fine we exercise it's not we can't seem to get him stable okay we're gonna chill out you're done for the session so it's really about just monitoring during the session and keeping them within their safe numbers and the reason I'm not giving you specific numbers today is because I don't want someone to just take the information and I'm giving you and suddenly say that there are diabetes expert or hypertensive expert it's something that they need to go and actually learn about and if they want more information I was educated through the American Academy of Health Fitness and Reun professionals that's who created the whole medical exercise specialist certification which I am and I I've taught for them for years and there's a whole series on just diabetes and hypertension and there's a lot more to it than you know we're covering you know sort of the tips of the trees right now but when dealing with people in these in this way it's pretty simple to do if you know what your parameters are if you understand keep them within this box you're fine they go out of the box you stop right you know and they have to be brave enough to stop that's it times we want to keep pushing people and keep pushing people and we are not them they know themselves about other than we know them but the problem is when you're with a trainer sometimes we allow trainers to push us beyond what we can do because we think we're supposed to exactly I see that constantly yeah how are you great story I was with a brand new client okay she came into me she said she has a little bit of pain in her hip overactive QL she had an upslip you know one of her pal was up high okay a parent right from the get-go no problem that's bread and butter to me okay her first session you know I did the full assessment and that was the only thing she walks five to ten miles a day she's a hiker and avid I mean she's an amazing shape for six these five years of age or whatever she was amazing so I said great her first session I had her do a bridge as soon as she went into extension she was ooh nice said what's ooh she was oh I felt this lightning bolt thing go down my leg said you're done stop and she was no no I want to go on I said no I'm not letting you go on I said that is a tell tale sign that there's something more going on here I said her husband's a physician so I said you're gonna call John and he's gonna suggest for you to go to see North of Pitas that he trusts if he doesn't know of any I can suggest some names but you need to go into see somebody because I'm not touching you until I know what's going on a week later she added I'm right done she had the results she said this says I have stenosis a disperniation and respond to low-distance thesis so that right there I was like if I continued to work with her could I have made things worse absolutely so sometimes just saying no and knowing when to call it off and I tell everybody went and doubt refer out oh yeah because on the total pull we're not that high you know we're down here we know what we do and we do it well we do it better than anybody doctor we can't train you the way we can nutrition is can't train you the way we can neither can a PT or no team that's our specialty but at the same time we can't diagnose you know we can do all of those things that they can do we can't treat I remember being a young trainer first couple of months of training and having a complimentary session which we offered at the gym chain that I was working at and the person was a physician and I was freaking out I was freaking out Brian it was like this person they're going to see what is Charlotte and I am how I don't know anything what was me and that person got there and they they initiated with some kind of hoiety toy kind of things you know and they weren't trying to be but they were just like well technically and as they started talking I was like you don't have a clue what we're talking about here you don't know what this is or this exercise or how it affects you in this energy system and it was a it was an eye open element that you kind of realize that we know what we know and they know what they know and they know a lot more than we know but it's a totally different world and they have an inkling and understand if they know exercise is healthy they know that it's good they know that if more of their patients with chronic diseases maybe had started doing regular exercises early on and more often and paid attention to their diet then it would have mitigated almost all of their business but it is interesting how they don't know we know necessarily and that we don't need to to be so pensive and so tended around people that are like that and let's be honest Brian even if they do know more than what we know and we bring them in it's so funny because I think so many times people know what they should be doing anyway but or at least in some instances know what they shouldn't be doing they're coming to us sometimes for as not as much even for education but for accountability or even myself I can't watch my stuff that's your side to pull out the time going well it's a little bit around and the back there Rick when I was doing a lift or something I'm like whoa I had no idea and so it is not just about how smart you are it's not it is about your ability to coach and your ability to train do you still need to know what what it is that we're doing do you still need to have an education base for sure but we shouldn't be afraid that other people are going to know more than what we know and if they do that's a great learning opportunity I know I've learned a lot about business from my clients that were business people so it's been very helpful learning from them it's like getting a masterclass for free or getting paid for it so they're paying me I'm training them and then they're telling me all these wonderful secrets about how business works or about medical industry or how the ER is happening so it's an opportunity for sure oh I can't tell you how many times I've had positions come in and you know they have no idea of what we do they have no idea of what we do and I have a number of positions who come to me now regularly and it's always interesting because they become some of my best clients they become some my good friends and then I start teaching I teach I'm a master instructor and a faculty instructor for balanced body and I teach there anatomy and three dimensions class which you see me do before where we actually build with the skeleton the muscular system out of clay they want to take the class because they say I you know what I took anatomy oh man it's got to be 30 years ago and because I'm taught we have to be talking muscle and because they're a physician I figure they should know this stuff so I'm talking about you know the public floor and I'm talking about you know specific muscular church or everything and I can just see the glaze look in their eyes and I'm like you know don't know anything about this do you they say well you know how long ago it's been since I did an anatomy so then I'll say why don't you come and take my class free just come in play around and afterwards I'll say oh my gosh did I learn so much I wish we had this when I was in med school and I say my gosh I'm teaching Pilates instructors and personal trainers things that are higher are at a higher level than where their positions may understand and again I went into my I had surgery last year and I went into my surgeon and I had very specific questions on things and I started talking to him on a level that was his level and he said hold up he said where'd you learn this I said well I went through you know of med and I downloaded these articles and all this kind of stuff and I was very specific on what he was going to do in the surgery and all this kind of stuff and he said wow that's awesome he said nobody knows this stuff but us and he said look I'm a fantastic surgeon and I know exactly what you're talking about he said but nine tenths of the doctors out there have no idea what you just said they all know their specialty group you know they all know what they know we know what we know so when we are talking to physicians I tell everybody practice talking to them because they're going to be your best friend and one of your best referral sources ever especially if you start doing medical exercise because we can't affect the change as good as they can't or better let's face it we have something we call movement medicine in balance body it's a program put out that was done by Norris and John and we're actually bringing it out as an advanced movement principles hopefully in the next couple years and it really is teaching how we can utilize movement as medicine because the more the body moves the better we feel and the more we're understanding about the fossil system the more we realize we need to move in order for our body to function properly and we're just at the tip of the iceberg and really understanding how movement will help the medical system and I think it's only a matter of time hopefully in our lifetime hopefully not too much longer that we become part of the medical field there's no trainers I've joked that we're not your primary care physician but we're the secondary care physician because how many times of people have your clients come up to you and ask you real specific medical question you're like I'm not your doctor I don't I don't have this information you know I can't answer this talk to your doctor but we can help them out with general things we can help them with a little bit of diet we can help them with exercise we can help them stay healthier longer and in that sense we're helping doctors you know it's something it's kind of interesting that we don't think about and and you've mentioned a couple of times already that that you're doing these kind of orthopedic assessments right so let me find out let me just get an assessment of your your alignment let me see you know short muscles and and things like that so we're looking at alignment this is interesting there's a correlation between the mortality rates for people who have hip fractures when they get into an older age and one of the reasons that that mortality rate goes up so much is because when you lose movement then it's not because the hip hurts it's because when you were no longer moving then we're no longer getting the cardiovascular respiratory effects the cardiovascular effects of movement and daily activity not even exercise and so we see it accelerated and older populations where lack of movement in sedentary lifestyle while trying to heal from something is very challenging and at one point my my dad has some hard issues and he's got a shoulder issue and the the doctor hit the heart doctors really concerned about a shoulder and when he asked why he said look if you're sitting down and you need help getting up and you have to use your arms to get up and it hurts your shoulder the chances are you're just going to sit down more and your shoulder needs to be in a better place so you feel more comfortable getting up and moving because that's what you need for your heart and so for us there are things that we can do as corrective exercise specialists that can help people with medical issues but to think that we have gone through and and studied one thing does not grant us necessarily heart blanche to move directly into claiming medical professionalism and as an exercise specialist that is a much deeper conversation you have to have an understanding of the pathologies of the medications of their effects on the blood pressure and the heart rate and the blood sugar and you know we can can go all over the place with this but the understanding is that there are things that we can do to help people but if they're coming to you specifically because of one of these things and you have somebody that's around you that is much more educated in those particular pathologies than someone that has medical exercise training and education should be the ones that take that over 100% 100% in the course the medical exercise specialist we go over a multitude of pathologies and delved so deeply into each that you really need to understand all of it and unless you understand all of it you really can't help that person and you're right when it comes to certain things we I think because we deal with people's health all the time it's easy for people to water come to us and ask us all of our all of their health questions but we have to remind people please talk to your physician talk to your doctor because yes when it comes to your knee or your back or you know this or that I can help you out like nobody's business that's what I do that's my cake but I'm not going to take so responsibility of your health that's not my job that's your physician and I'm going to work with your physician and I want to talk to your physician because I can be his ally we can work as a team I had a great I had a client who used this great term that one of his doctors is his quarterback and I heard that nice that's brilliant he said oh yeah that's what that's what he told me he said you need one doctor to be your quarterback and then he's going to refer out to the doctors that he trusts and the people that he trusts and they'll all talk together and that's really how the medical system should work where everybody is in communication with the and where we are talking and whereas I can tell that client to go back to the doctor the doctor can feel free to call me and I have a number of doctors that do call me and say oh for Mrs. Jones I you know I spoke with her today and we're worried about this and this I'd like you to do this and this and that and what do you think and they asked me my opinion too and I say okay what about this and this and they say oh great or you know based on this medication I'd rather than not do that it's a communication it's a two way streak and that's the way it should be we should never be afraid to talk to someone's position because they're the ones who should have the bigger picture and that's important for us to know too. Thank you so much for dropping all of this kind of knowledge to honest and and your perspective and your experience I want to reach out to producers and Greg right now and just say I know that we're at Facebook live and they've got chat going on are there any questions that have come up during this conversation that for Brian that maybe he could answer directly for people. Yeah so Jessica and the chat wants to know when has trainers should we request to speak to a client's medical doctor like you mentioned you and spoken wondering. Oh I speak to him constantly. In my opinion every time I do a assessment on someone every single time I do an assessment I get their primary care position and if they're seeing orthopedist or neurologist or whoever their specialty position is I get that person to or physical therapist and I call him all I call him immediately and it for a number of reasons one I want to have the biggest view of the person possible so that they so that I can see okay what does this doctor want me to do with this person or what does this physical therapist or neurologist or whoever it is I want the biggest view possible. Secondly it's a great opportunity for me to market myself to this doctor because the doctor will now know that I specialize in working with the client tell that's a little bit different than the average you know lift heavy objects up put them back down again trainer which is in their mind what we all do. So I say immediately talk to the doctor if you have any questions talk to the doctor I will say this though doctors in general most positions don't have a whole lot of time to talk to you. So what I say is this keep it short keep it sweet you know ask the right questions right them down if you have to ask if there's any communication you need to know about ask exactly you know pinpoint boom boom boom boom boom that way if they need to get off the call they can as soon as they need to but I can't tell you how many times I'll say oh I missed working with Miss a Smith I noticed with her hip she's six weeks out of you know this or 12 weeks out of this she's had this done okay here the contraindications I see do you see any other ones and are they say oh yes I see this is a contraindication in this is a country's fantastic these are the motions I'm thinking about doing not the exercise doctors don't care about exercise they don't care if you're going to use a leg press they don't care if you're going to do a step up or a lunge what I'm talking about is okay I know that they're going to need a little bit more the glue meets or we're going to do a little bit more hip that abduction I'm going to start open chain that we're going to move into closed chain does that work for you when they hear us using these terms immediately they're like wow this person actually knows what they're talking about I can't tell you how many times they said yes and after we finish talking about Miss a Smith or Miss a Smith they're like now tell me what do you do again yeah right you tell tell me what what your specialty is and I explain more about what I do and they're like oh could you send me more information so it's it's perfect for me I can use it as marketing but I'm getting more information and the better picture I get and the bigger picture I get the better it is for me to program that client Brilliant thank you thank you for that and and and I will say if you are going to be speaking to a physician to people out there be very clear about what the questions are that you're going to ask for the exact reasons Brian was talking about you're going to need you're going to have a very short window of time and I've spoken with some physicians that were very short and and and I'm okay with that I get it I know how hard it is just when I have an appointment with them for them to show up so I'm actually going to phone call can be difficult so be very prepared with the question to you want to ask for those clients Greg do we have another question any other questions then and I know Chad actually had a follow up to what we were just talking about and wondering how what do you have to do to get the doctor to disclose that kind of information I assume that you have to have the client the client reject the doctor previously correct yeah either reach out previously every time someone comes in I should have said this I have a release of information form and anybody wants to reach out to me I can give them this release of information form it's very generic but it'll give them to give the doctors permission to speak with us so what I do is I have them sign it right when they come in and I got to tell you I'm in Washington DC one of the most litigious areas in the world and I can't see how many people say well I don't want to sign this in this and I say fine you just have to call your doctor form I don't mind or right on it what limitations you are going to allow to talk to my orthopedist about this in this that's fine but when they sign the release of information I as soon as they tell me what the doctor's name is I'm googling the doctor I find out what their facts number is I facts it to them sometimes even when the client's here or as soon as they leave I facts them the information and then I follow up immediately with a call and I say you should have in your facts machine that release the information form about Mrs. Smith I'd love to talk with the doctor about her she's coming to me for exercise or medical exercise if that's a specific thing that she wants and I just need to know contraindication would you have doctor so and so please call me and believe it or not I'd say 90% of the time I hear back and again Rick exactly keep it short keep it sweet no exactly what you're going to say don't fumble over your words boom boom boom boom boom boom and that way they can get off the line as soon as they they want to thank you for that just anything else Greg as we start to wrap this up if there any other questions or chat no you guys actually covered a lot of it but I really everybody seemed to really enjoy the discussion so appreciate appreciate it guys and don't forget join us on Monday Rick will be back at 90M Pacific new Eastern with another NSM CPT podcast live excellent thank you so much Greg I appreciate it and then let me also give my shout outs to Brian for being here Brian Richie thank you so much for being a part of this and sharing your experience with us your story what it is that you do there may be some people that would like to reach out to you and maybe they want to get that form or they've got some follow up questions or maybe they want to follow you on social media so if you don't mind share those things with whatever your comfortable sharing how people can get in touch with you sure sure social media I'll be honest I'm still learning I'm 49 I wish I was 24 and I knew all this stuff Instagram I'm at fit for life DC and that's with the number four same with Twitter at fit for life DC same with Facebook if you want to reach me directly I welcome everybody to contact me Brian BRIN at fit FIT the number four life DC as in district of Columbia.com easy way to get in touch with me and I answer all questions I've got like you do I've got a number of videos and whatnot out there contact me and I can hook you up with some links and share what I can with you you can also reach me through balance body go to Pilates.com I speak all over the world teaching both corrective and medical exercise as well as the anatomy and three dimensions for them so I teach it most of the same conferences that you are Rick I'm still I'm hoping often my happens cross my fingers you know I'm missing not traveling I'm missing not getting front of people and teaching so yeah I can't wait and hopefully that'll still happen man well it's currently still slated it's still in the books and I'm looking forward to seeing people so I would love for that to happen and I can't wait to come across your path again and if we're forced to stay six feet apart that's fine but if not I'd love to know your neck next MSU. Absolutely absolutely I can't wait to see you again. Excellent thank you so much Brian Richie for being with us my name is Rick Richie thank you so much this is the NASM CP podcast

=== FILE: Mindful Meditations Gratitude [9emtpSFyN3w].txt ===

Welcome everyone and my name is Kim Chavez and during our meditation today the focus is going to be on ground into and I'm sure somewhere along the line you've heard that phrase telling an attitude of God is you and if you're anything like me, some days that can seem easier, seven, up, so happening that sort of God into really is feeling that deeper sense of appreciation for someone or something and then it seems as though often times when life is went well and increasing along that might be easier to recognize those things, those people in your life I can't forget and then when life is challenging, when it's harder, maybe it seems harder to recognize those things and those people in your life that you're grateful for. So that's really what this practice is going to be about today is seeking out that sense of gratitude and allowing ourselves to have that active deliver practice. So, just seeing also what arises. So we're going to get started. Feel free to grab a cushion, don't blink at something to sit on. If you prefer, of course, feel free to sit on a chair and again, if you'd rather feel free to lay down. So, just to sigh out you want to get settled. And again, as we move through the meditation, don't feel like you're trying to force anything. Just to learn something's time to practice. Just to keep breath in and open your mouth, sit out. If you like you, who's right, or the food is often your gaze and just kind of feel your gaze down. Then allow your awareness down to shift to your breath. Bring your full awareness to your breath. And notice how your body reads itself. And notice the rise of all your inhale and your exhale. And again, to let gratitude arise. And fill your mind, fill your body for the gift of your breath. And that's a gratitude, starts to arise. Notice any sensations. Notice any feelings, any thoughts. Allow that sense of gratitude to fill you completely. And begin to shift your awareness down to your entire body. And while I know many of us may be, it might seem more familiar to focus on the areas that maybe causes pain or discomfort. But allow your awareness to rest on your entire body. And let gratitude arise for the abilities that your body does have. Or the inner workings of the body. Allow that sense of gratitude to fill you completely. Notice the new sensation. And straighten your feelings, any thoughts. Notice your awareness to something in your environment. And choose one thing to focus on. Let gratitude for whatever it is you chose. Let allow that gratitude to fill your mind, fill your body. Now that sense of gratitude to fill you completely. Now choose one person that you're grateful for. You need to visualize this person. Notice your awareness and gratitude to fill your mind, fill your body. Feel your completely. Notice any sensations, any thoughts, any feelings. Allow your choose. Allow your awareness to come to a challenging experience. Maybe something for the past or maybe current. And seek out that sense of gratitude. Allow that gratitude to arise, fill your mind, fill your body. Feel your completely. Notice any sensations, any feelings, any thoughts. Allow your awareness down to shift to something or someone even. Specifically that you're grateful for today. Allow that sense of gratitude to arise. And as you focus on whatever that is that you're grateful for today. And that sense of gratitude to you completely. Notice anything that arises. No, let gratitude arise for the fact that being alive in this moment. Maybe offer a sense of gratitude for all the experiences, all the people that have led you to let up to this moment. Let that sense of gratitude arise for you. Again, for all the experiences that have led you to this moment. Let that sense of gratitude arise. If you're being alive in this moment right here right now, fill your mind, fill your body, fill your completely. And fill your awareness back to your breath. And see how this thing will about your day. It's to what you notice when you move from that place of gratitude. And notice whatever I sense. And if it amounts together, let's take a deep breath in. Open your mouth, slide out from that place of peace and gratitude in me. Monters that place of peace and gratitude in the heat should everyone of you. Namaste.

=== FILE: Mindful Meditations More Visualization [3p1vg-yarHc].txt ===

Welcome everyone, my name is Kim Chavez and during the meditation for today the focus is going to be on a short visualization and we will use the idea of an oak tree to oak guide us through the practice. This one even be great for your kids to give a try. You can always change it out to maybe a different tree that they're all familiar with, just as something that's sturdy and strong even mountain. Just feel like there's something about being in nature that usually be in people or they sense of being a little bit more grounded, maybe a little bit more rooted, maybe hunting a sense of inner strength and stability, whether that's putting your feet in the sand or walking barefoot on the grass or dirt or even the inner hands dirty with some gardening soil. There's something about that that gives us that sense of stability and ease and spend a little bit more connected. And that's helpful right during times when maybe circumstances and stressors are going on in our lives or just a lot of different things happening at the same time. We're better able to respond or not respond to the situations to that stress that's from stance. So feel free to be seated and grab maybe something to elevate your hips a little bit or even grab a chair. If you'd rather of course even lay down to maybe support something underneath your knee as your neck. So just decide how you want to get settled and shift your weight a little bit side to side. Just make any adjustments that you might need. Conquest your eyes or soften your gaze. If you're seated, I'm going to encourage you to put a little bit of a bend into your arms, top your shoulders relax, your laying down, a layer is something to be supported by whatever your leg will palm. And let's just take a deep breath in through the nose. When you're ready, open your mouth and sigh your breath out. Let's do a two more times, breathe in. Back so when you're ready, and we'll more time. Now, although your bowl of awareness to rest on your breath, so conscious breathing gives you an opportunity to notice, do you come aware, do you observe? And you get to shift your attention, need a word. This might notice where the breath is traveling. We notice anything that feels like it's expanding. Maybe it's softening. Now I encourage your breath to be slow to even relax. Nothing force. I encourage anything in your body that's tight or tens and curves up to relax. Now I'll respond if you're seated to sit at my central. Now, let's just sit here where it is to visualize an oak tree. Maybe you can picture this oak tree and notice maybe what's around it. You notice a sky. Notice the ground. And opening your awareness to the base of the trunk of the oak tree. Notice if there's any exposed roots. And see you as the enter into the dirt, take note of that. Now when your awareness to the trunk of the oak tree, starting from the bottom, you know, I yourself too visualize and scan all the way to the very top of the tree. Notice a size of oak tree. Notice the width of the trunk. The texture of the bark. No visual layers in any branches. But you notice on the oak tree. Notice if there's different sizes. Notice any leaves on the oak tree. Now bring your awareness back to your breath. Bring your awareness now to the base of your spine. And allow that awareness to shift to your left leg. And allow foot. And allow toes. Now your right leg. Your right foot. Your right toes. And imagine a sturdy roots growing from your legs. And going down into the soil into the earth. And allow the roots to travel through the dirt, through the soil into the earth. And to travel deeply all the way down as far as you need. And if you feel like the roots have traveled far enough, and creating your body, layers look to feel stable to feel rooted. And sing here to color the basket and the back on the  floor. All the veggies here. There's something full solid that feels strong. Bring your awareness down to your left arm, your left hand, your left fingers. Follow each other right arm, right hand, right fingers. Coming from the trunk of your body, allow your left and your right arm to be the branchless. Your right hand, your fingers to extend out include the leaves of the old tree. Feel the strain on the stability in your arms, softness in your fingers. There's something full confidence relaxed. Relaxed, able to work through any situation and stress to respond or to not respond. Now bring your awareness down to your breath. It'll just arise the foggering hell in your exhale. Then take a deep breath in, open your mouth, sigh it out. We'll have our time breathing, exhale when you're ready. And see you all more time breathing. And exhale. Bring your palms together. And a beautiful rest of your day, namaste.

=== FILE: Mindful Meditations Visualization [ZkyTSxakNpE].txt ===

Welcome everyone. My name is Kim Chavez. And during our time together for the meditation, the focus is going to be on visualization. And visualization that's our body, the or the state of ease and relax in our mind focused. So I think athletes are really familiar with visualization, right, and incorporated somewhere along the training program. And it gives us that opportunity to ensure that as much clarity and detail as we can and imagine something that has it happened yet, right. But when we imagine it, it says, if it has happened. So maybe we're picturing an imagining local for something we want to achieve or even invent, could even be a behavior that we're wanting to adapt or something in our life. And we'll picture this with as much clarity and the details we can and incorporate all of our senses. That idea is for it to be positive. We are going to use a technique as if we're watching it in a movie. So you'll see yourself whatever your goal or event is that your picture and your life is also to watch it unfold. And like I believe so if you want to get grass on a cushion or something to sit on or even grab a chair, maybe prefer a personal food to the lay down and support your underneath your knees and support your deck. So when you decide how you want to say it really down for meditation, just let yourself adjust your body and get settled. And if you take a tea, brought in open your mouth, you'll decide it out. You can feel free to close your eyes or just hold your knees down. A picture awareness inward can begin by focusing on your breath. You can feel the awareness of the heat you're in now. You can feel the awareness of the chest muscles, so you can feel the breath. So conscious, breathing here. No such a attention to what it is that you would like to focus on for the visualization today. So again, maybe a goal or something like to achieve. Maybe events or a behavior or something in your life would like to adapt to the experience of a specific, don't limit yourself. Allow it to be the focus for your mind, because much detail and clarity as you can. Okay, watching it, as if you're watching a movie, this is the goal of the event, whatever it is that you choose is already happening. When you're ready with this much, you need to tell a liar mind to notice what it does I see in this picture and the image in your life. So scan the picture, scan the image. Notice what is so much detail, what it is you see, even the smallest of details. When you're ready to incorporate include what it is that you hear. Try to notice even the slightest of sounds. You're ready to include what it is I smell. You need to think this does sounds to take note of what that means. When you're ready include what it is that you taste. When you feel ready, notice what it is that you can touch. Maybe even notice the air and your skin. And be as vividly detail as possible. When you're ready, notice that you're motion time you need to feel. Now incorporating all of the substances, the layers of the two stay focused on this image in your mind for a few moments. And watching it as if you're watching a movie, is it the law as I'm even accomplished? The event is happening and has finished happening. But here it is back to your breath. You may have gotten together to get to your breath and open your mouth, say it out. And there's also to return to the visualization and everything. Namaste.

=== FILE: NASM Built Different Everett Miner [4eBAcwhBQAE].txt ===

My name is Everminer. I'm the owner of Minor Fitness based in Arizona. I do hybrid coaching, which is a combination of in-person and online coaching, tell my clients, stay more accountable and get the best results with a full transformational coaching plan. Going from in-person sessions and you have that hybrid mix and then over time you're able to transition to online coaching to maintain the proper programming and accountability over time has just been tremendous for both my self and clients. Continuous learning has been everything for me and that's why I got my Nazam certification to start. Everybody that's looking for a personal trainer wants someone who certified, they want someone that's knowledgeable and trustworthy and without that certification you are just not going to be reputable in the space. Selling is a lot like trying to sell yourself on a dating app. It's really trying to set yourself up for that first date where you're trying to get someone in for that console, aka the first date and you really don't want to give them many reasons to say no. You want to give them every reason to say yes to come in, see the facility that you're working at, see what it's like to work with you, give them a tailored experience that they're not going to be just another client under roster that you're giving a cookie cutter program to realizing that selling single sessions or packs of sessions just kind of creates unstable income because you have cancellations and you know people go on vacations and no shows and you really need something much more stable to stay in the game as a personal trainer. So subscription based model is going to be the way to go and you know this just comes after going through some ups and downs in the business where I realized things had to change or else I wouldn't be able to make this work in the long term. Do so many reps that it would be unreasonable for you not to be successful and that really resonated with me because I was relentless in my pursuit of starting up this business and I knew I had a lot to learn and you know being a coach versus being a business owner is sometimes too completely different ball games but I knew that if I tried enough avenues that eventually something would pan out and I would learn the information that I needed from the right person hopefully at the right time. I strategically scoped out new apartment complexes in Scottsdale and I came across one that was luxury and had a couple gyms and I could just see myself training people there. I thought it was a business opportunity so I worked with people in the releasing department there to hand out and put up flyers, put stuff in welcome packets and send out email blasts, I ran a free boot camp to get the word out there and get some more lead generation, digging in terms of systems and scalability because you are the trainer, the marketer, the salesperson like you're doing everything and being all things you have to just accept that there's a major learning curve for all these different skills and positions that you're going to have and that's just part of the course it's part of the game and you need to embrace that grind and the struggle to then make it like if you want to be a business owner then it's going to take a disproportion amount of energy time and resource upfront to build what you want in the long term. Coaching people the way that I want to and that I wish I had gotten and I built minor fitness from scratch based on solving the exact problems that I had and it just leaves me very fulfilled to know that I'm helping people with the same issues that I had and I'm just grateful for the opportunity every single day even when I have to get up super early for six AM sessions.

=== FILE: NASM Master Instructor Roundtable Hosted By Hyperice [TWTTFYjhbvI].txt ===

All right, hello and welcome everyone. Thank you all for joining. This is the NASM Master Instructor Roundtable hosted by Hyperice. My name is Andrew Lee and I manage our key fitness accounts and education with Hyperice. Also with me on the call is my counterpart, Makila Raga, who's based in New York City. And she's our training and development manager. Along with that, we have four really great NASM Master Instructors to be our panelists today. We have first off Tony Amlar Wright, who's a Master Instructor for the National Academy of Sports Medicine and an adjunct professor. In the exercise science and sports studies department at Calu Pencilvania. Tony has more than 20 years professional experience in the fitness and performance industry as a personal trainer, and a therapy practitioner, a subject matter expert author, educator and presenter. Tony has spent the last 10 years as a consultant to facilities for elite athletes as well as sports teams and programs. And he designs and implements integrated assessment method, annual fee, of exercise athletic reconditioning and performance training. So Tony, thank you for being with us today. Next up, next up is, use of void, who's a former NBA athletic trainer. To save owns his own practice called Biomechanics and he has since 2002, use of is a Master Instructor here with NASM as well as being a clinical specialist for ballot health. You save some fun facts is an avid cyclist. He's a husband and a father to a rich have four legs and he loves automobiles and his family. Next up is going to be our friend Rick Richie. Rick has been an educator with NASM since 2006 and is the host of the NASM CPT podcast as an entrepreneur. Rick is the owner of independent training spot, which is a New York City based personal training gym. As a co-owner of Pover which is a recovery center in NYC focused on minimizing the disease on my kind of stress. He's a very active trainer, and he's a doctorate in health science. And in last and certainly certainly, as our friend Ken Miller, Ken has been a personal trainer for over 25 years. He holds a master's degree from the California University of Pennsylvania in intervention for performance enhancement. He has been a regional master instructor for NASM for the last 15 plus. Additionally, he's the owner of any of the informants in California and he's the former strength and conditioning coach for you. So, Ken, Rick, you sit in Tony. Thank you all for joining us today. We are really excited to hop on this roundtable. The goal of the roundtable today is to give our viewers a little bit more insight into how the COVID crisis is affecting our day-to-day lives as instructors, as trainers, as fitness professionals. And to dive a little bit deeper into the future of the recovery industry and provide our viewers a little bit more color and to how fitness is going to look moving forward. So, to jump right into it. Let's start with Rick. How are you staying active while at home and how is your day-to-day change since the COVID crisis is set? Well, thanks for asking and I appreciate hyperizing and I can say right now in the end on this. I'm going to say that it's really been fun doing some family workouts. So, we usually set up circuits with me and my three kids, and I'm going to go to Ann for your people and we set up a six-day-shin circuit. And we do 30 seconds of peace and we run through the circuit six times and I give them option after a few runs that we can make alterations and they can change certain exercises. So, they can do squats instead of a dumpster or, you know, but they can do pushups, the mountainers, and they love it. And I have to be honest. I've never really worked out with my kids before. So, aside from maybe going out for a run and being able to tell them to try one of the kids to go and with me, this has been a pretty cool experience to be honest. That's very great. Thank you. Can let's go over to you. How is your day-to-day change since the COVID crisis and how are you staying active while working home? Well, yeah. Just like what Rick brought up, the day-to-day has changed and the fact that, you know, for one I'm home schooling. You know, a third grader and a first grader. So, that's a lot of sitting, reading books, making sure that, you know, we're all behind the screen, especially me a little bit more than what I'm used to. So, to counter that, all that sitting down and just the home schooling stuff, you know, we try to keep it as normal as possible, because right now we would have been, you know, my son would have been playing baseball and my daughter likes to swim. So, from that perspective, you know, trying to get them outside as much as possible. So, you know, we're lucky enough to have a park, a block and a half away from the house, so getting them outside to, you know, not as elaborate as what Rick has done. But, you know, where we are running, we're throwing the baseball, we're, you know, just silly drills, you know, bear crawls, things like that, just to get him dirty a little bit and then, you know, and with all that, it's just, you know, enjoying the quality time, but the balancing of trying to be teacher, father, you know, trying to work around my business being closed. It's just, you know, we're a lot of hats every day, but, you know, trying to say active has been quite a challenge just from the standpoint that, not just me trying to get out and get my run. It's also trying to get my kids to be as active as they would have been if the whole shelter in place wasn't in play. Absolutely. I think that's a big thing that a lot of people have been experiencing is even though they have a lot of time on their hands and, and their at home is, they're, they're finding some trouble with motivation and trying to stay active, especially with limited space and limited equipment. Building off that use if I'd like to ask you, are you still working with clients and doing virtual training sessions from home? If I get a phone call, I got a couple of people that I have a phone, most of my day to day as it seems that much outside of travel. I've been working from home for the last probably almost two years. So, the biggest part of the transition that's been difficult for me is like, can the homeschool in peace? So, I have eight year old and four year old and eight year old, but I mean, being completely honest, it was not common core when I was coming through schools. I'm having to relearn math myself and trying to contain that frustration and sell some things that we do as a family. I was like, screw it, nobody wants to get out and do anything. So, I went across the Americans. And so, we'll get out of the yard, we'll have Nerfman more, so it'll mean to two boys in the life. We definitely get out on the bikes just about every day. I love the ride. My four year old loves the ride, my eight year old loves the ride. And we have about four or five miles where the trail, the run our house. So, we'll get out, we'll ride, we'll take the dogs, we'll throw the balls. If it's raining, then I'll get up upstairs in the room and jump on my trainer on my bike or the treadmill, trying to get a workout in there. The biggest thing that has been in advantage is having the hyper-high people plus around just for every 20 minutes. When my net gets stiff, because my posture is bad, from just not sitting at the computer like I should be, we all get lazy. When we're sitting and we forget to take a deep breath, stand up, move around, get your blood flowing. And so, having to remodel myself, a little things that I've been preaching to people for years and seeing it come back full circle to myself, has been a challenge. But having the tools, the vibration tools, especially around, have helped to alleviate that to where I'm still subject to. That's awesome. You said, if you've heard it here for a surf gun wars, it's best workout you can hit. And then Tony, let's send it over to you. What are you doing to stay active from home and what are some strategies that you're using to help with motivation and engagement, whether it just be for yourself or for clients or individuals that you work with? Yeah, you know, somewhere to the other guys on the call, I've got a four year old, so I've got a little one and probably the biggest transition for me and Wendy was having to home school him. So we got used to both both my wife and I work from home primarily. And so that hasn't changed much. It's just being able to manage that while trying to fit in some structured activities for Braden. We got used to him being on for six hours a day, you know, in the mornings and that's how we would plan our work, our work schedules around. But, you know, so in terms of staying active, you know, the one nice thing is that I think because we've had to be more diligent about scheduling and maybe structuring things a little bit more than we had in the past. We've been able to do more together. So just making, making sure that we're going out, walking the dogs, maybe a little more frequently than we did as a family. You know, Braden was involved in a lot of activities, swimming, soccer, gymnastics, those, those that all been canceled. So making sure to get him out to, you know, the park in our neighborhood and allowing him to to explore and be active has been great for me and Wendy as well because it gets us out and doing doing things. We're fortunate. We've got a nice little homage and set up downstairs, so we're still able to do some exercises and we've got to treadmill if the weather's not bad or if the weather's not great. So we can, and spend by so we can do some cardio work, we can do strength training and then as use of mentioned, you know, we've got a full suite of hyper ice products to help us stay feeling good. You know, work in behind the computer does take its toll and you know, we probably have spent a little bit more time focused time behind the computer and our bodies certainly need to need a little love because of that and you know, I think to the clients that we work with, they've kind of experienced that excuse me. Where they're, they're stressed, they've had a change in their day to day routines and that takes a toll on them too. So, you know, with the clients that we've still interacted with and kept in touch with a lot of it is encouraging them and providing them with solutions to do things that they may not have been as diligent with before, you know, in terms of self care. When they can't get into the gym to do the types of activities that they that they might have enjoyed. Now at home because they, they do have vipers, they do have spheres, many of them have volts or vennoms. I mean, you name it. They're able to focus on those elements of their, of their wellness and that's, that's paid dividends. So we've gotten a number of messages from clients just saying, my volt hasn't gotten as much use ever and it's been great. So as they're doing other forms of activity, whether it's running, biking, walking, you know, that's creating different stresses on their body that they might not have been used to and they're able to mitigate some of that with with the solutions using hyper ice products. So for for us it's been pretty neat and, you know, virtual training with limitations and equipment. Again, it allows us to focus on stuff that are many of our clients probably need more of when it comes to, you know, stabilization, core work, maybe focusing more on, you know, for lack of a better term, corrective type exercises and then the big thing is focusing on recovery and just being able to manage total stress in their life. So, you know, for us it's been kind of fun. Been a little bit different challenge in terms of, what we have to do as professionals, but it's been a welcome welcome change in, in many ways. Absolutely, that's great. I think right now I'd like to actually pass it over to Makayla Ruggis who has a few questions to lead the roundtable about some more at home on demand type fitness. So Makayla, let's pass it to you. Some of these times clearly I have the nests and on demand options of exploded. I mean, some companies like hydro. And I think there's been a recent Peloton class where they had 20,000 users tuned in live into one class. So Rick and Ken as business owners, how do you see this whole situation changing the landscape for deep fitness as well as commercial clothes. Yeah, I'll go. I mean, it's it's very interesting to say the least because I mean right now with my doors shut down. I've had clients that made the investment in all those things that you mentioned. So Peloton being the number one thing that I'm hearing about. When it comes to boutique fitness facilities like mine, which is brick and mortar, it's going to mean more of a hybrid type of service to where, you know, they may not come in here two times a week or three times a week, where it may be that they're going to still keep with their Peloton because. It's an investment right and they want to keep spending their time on that investment. So it might mean one or two less days in here, but what they might do in here with us in this facility might change. And Rick and you know, definitely speak on the recovery aspect because is, you know, part of his business is built on that, but I've already started talking to clients about coming in for training, they'll still do what they do at home or what they'll do virtually. But they'll come in for a different type of service, which is getting on our on our normatech leg sleeves from all the work that their legs are doing or they might come in for a vault only session where they'll, you know, I'll get an opportunity to work with them using the vault hands on. But then they'll also be, you know, some mobility work at the end. So instead of just the physical, you know, resistance training programming that they might have done two, three months ago. They'll, they'll have that augmented with the home, maybe a session of that here, but what they'll also compliment what will also compliment what they're what they need to do to stay mobile and to deload all that stress that they put on their body or that they've been doing from the relatives. And then the standpoint because of their in that cycling motion is more of a recovery and regenerative type session with me. So services might still be there, but it'll be tweaked up in a different way as far as how I interact with them. Right. Yeah, I think it was something interesting that we have seen with this kind of explosion of the that on fitness is that it seems that the majority of those people still have a membership at a fitness facility. So we're really finding a new market with that as much as we're finding a market that already exists and we're just bringing them into another place spreading the same into the cloud. So what I think we're going to end up in a more people doing both, they're still have their their fitness that they do at their gym. But now they've seen the light when it says that we can do some stuff at home and it's not like just getting a treadmill like we used to do and hang our clothes on it. What we're looking at now is an actual person engaging you and giving you a shout out calling your name on the other end, you're part of a community you're being seen, you're being heard, you're being present. So that's part of it. But when it comes to recovery, it's a it's a little bit different. So for facilities like mine, we sell recovery services and in some of these instances it's just not as practical to do those things at home, whether they're cost prohibitive or their space prohibitive and so that's why we don't offer like hyper is not a service that we do at our facility. It is something that we sell at our facility because we look at them and we say you're coming here to receive a service but when you leave here, what can you do on your own. And that's why we have the whole suite of hyperized products is you're going to come to us for some advanced modalities and some of those include hyperized products like Norma Tech. But when you leave and you go home, what do you have at home to do and and that's where hyperized really fills in a lot of gaps because when when you look at some of the expenses of these things that are recovery tools, whether that's an infrared sauna or a new calm or a C-back system. They're all very expensive and they take up and we'll take up space but the hyperized it's easier on the pocket and it's easy to travel with. You can put things under your bed, put in a drawer, hide in a closet and it does that easily. And so now you can take your recovery services home to and those services are your daily right they're part of a daily practice you know what you put together and even use it was talking about not just daily but multiple times in a day. He's using his hypervolt on the neck so we've seen a lot of movement with the hypervolt and some with the many spheres are the two things we send to move the most and it's I think it's because they're easily portable and they do a lot of things. That's great. And we have some trainers in the network and they love the hyperized products and now going into this digital space. They would love to hear from you guys what are some best practices of how to integrate it into either a virtual training session or class experience how we're able to build up engagement from your greatest leveraging the technology. Knowing that this is not a person to person contact or experience is now digital. I don't can have some yet some practices that you're doing with your member base. Right so like Rick you know you know when it comes to from a retail standpoint I've I've gotten clients involved with the vaults, vault plus the sphere meaning sphere. The different again sweet of products that are available through high so what I did when I shut down. Was you know everybody's doing these zoom calls to you know to get clients to work out and things like that however you know the niche I was trying to fill is. How do I get somebody to recover better because you can only run so much you can only cycle so much and all that repetitive motions going to start to wear and tear and you know in the last couple weeks I started to hear that but one of the things that I've done is actually. Take my clientele that I you know with my list of people of what they bought those that have invested in the hyper vault. Having these virtual sessions where these I've had the zoom call to wear okay here's it here's the form here's the technique. If you're behind the computer these are some of the things that we can do we can emphasize the front of the shoulder. We can get the biceps we can get the forearms in there. I'm just walking them through so they've got their vault I've got my vault and I'm just showing them form a technique and just like any other personal training session I'm watching my screen and I'm seeing okay hey. Betty you're going way too fast to slow it down. Now let's try this technique just hold the vault you know find the tender spot and just hold it there and let's just do some mobility let's get the. Let's get the tissues to move under the vault right now let's move to this other area so. That's just one way I've been able to expand my service is so getting away from the traditional okay let's do 15 bridges let's do a single leg balance. Now my focus has been when I've held these these workouts is it's more okay end of the day let's sit down everybody's getting crushed from that computer posture so how do we unload how do we get ready. To relax and recover and start to kind of ease down from the from the days worth of stress right so part of doing that is getting the muscle to relax lowering that that level of tension getting them to focus on themselves. about their breathing thinking about the respirations and you know when they're done they're going to wow this is this feels I don't feel like I've sat behind the computer for the last nine 10 hours so expand yeah so expanding services like that or just finding a different niche for recovery and mobility. Has been what I've tried to capitalize off in this time of shelter in place. And do that point are you finding. It's there's a specific time that work that is better or more beneficial for your clients pre workout post workout in between workouts to start the day or. Yeah I've been mainly focusing on the PM so seven o'clock my time so just from a survey I've done with some of my clients after dinner after they got the kids settled in. Then it's time where you know they can focus on themselves so. So he dinner spent some time with the family get them ready for bed and then they can you know it's quiet so they can actually have. Time to themselves or something's not tapping them on the shoulders and say hey mommy can I get this or that right. So mornings still I've done some one on ones from that standpoint and then a lunch time session for about a half hour so people you know because of. I've got schedules they've got meetings they've got a hop on so that's been if anything it's a shorter timeframe if it's a midday but the longer 45 or so minute sessions have been more in the PM time but. I did a I did a presentation for one of my business partners out in Texas and that was five o'clock my time seven o'clock his time so depending on who the focus audiences in which time zone. And I've I've created time zones you know specific training for an evening recovery session. Can I think that's that's awesome that's really good insight that a lot of our viewers can can really take the hard and start to implement. I'd like to pass it over right now to to use it in Tony just for a couple questions even stepping back a little bit so Tony and use it. Why is recovery so important for at home fitness and just overall well being we know over the last five to ten years it's becoming increasingly more popular in the fitness industry. More specifically for at home fitness and while we're all locked up in quarantine why is recovery so important. I'm going to go first Tony yeah you should go ahead jump in there buddy. I think that in regards to recovery and at home fitness the importance of it lies around self care. During the stressful times we're all looking for different ways to occupy ourselves outside of work especially if we're in a profession that doesn't allow us to really work from home and we're just around tool to not don't. You sort of come to fall back on at least some conversations that I've had with various people they fall back on the beginning of the year new years resolution I'm going all in and I'm going to give my new body together so and so forth. And so what one has to realize is that that's fun and dandy but if you don't take care of yourself you won't be able to get your body you won't be able to get that new body that you seek so. The recovery aspect is just it's just as important it's going to allow you to be able to sleep better you're going to move better so if you're sleeping better you're well rested and you're moving better you're obviously going to fill a lot better. And then your energy levels are going to be up for when you are ready to do whatever those workouts may be like can mention there's only so much cycle and there's all this so much treadmill you can do. And we have a tell the time here she rise that she's not writing that she's letting if I'm not on my bike I'm not running or doing something else and so the nerve gun thing was something that I chose that we could do as a family that was not repetitive. Cycling running those are repetitive sports repetitive sports lead to injury because you're doing the same thing over and over and over again and so the only way to combat that. Is to want to ensure that you're moving well you want to be moving as efficiently as you can and the way that you're going to ensure that you're moving as efficiently as you can is by going through some recovery measurements and that is either using you know a hydropower. The hydrospeer the mini spear whether using foam rollers or using venom whether you're being coached by someone like can or a tiny or myself a few people that with a few people that I'm working with. We typically start out how are you feeling today anything body bothering you how did you sleep last night you know and those open in the questions typically lead to a man my next a little bit stiff today. What did you do yesterday outside of being on a computer I didn't really do that much yesterday. Oh I forgot I was out in the yard doing some your work you know I did a lot of raking cleaning up leaves and in the mulch beds and things that I did. Oh okay all right why don't you grab your your hypersphere or your hypervole and let's tackle your picks let's tackle your last let's do some of the things to get you feeling better so that you know. When he minutes into this we can have an actual productive workout as opposed to having a call and audible each exercise because either I don't like your movement or if you have aches and pain so recovery comes into play I think in all aspects of it and to ensure that you get the best bang for your book from whatever you're doing from a fitness perspective and it doesn't have to be anything structure it could be. Something as simple as doing your activity I mean one thing that I've been doing outside of working out and riding my bike is taking care of small projects that I've been procrastinating over the last two years right so I've been on a cleanup mission clear up your cleanup the house you know trim the hedges trim the trees cut the grass all of these things are physical activity and will lead. And we'll lead to the same benefits that you're achieving with your work out but even after that I found myself running into the house looking for. My advice to alleviate you know because my hipster type because I've been bent over in the yard all day and so when I don't do those things I feel it when I wake up the next morning so recovery is important. That's great thanks. Thanks, you said that was that was a great answer. I think it's really important for people to think about. Exercise at home not just being on their treadmills or you know using the TRX that they have hanging from their door but like you said it could be. Having nerve gun fights in the yard or doing yard work or really anything and it's it's cool for us to see how recovery is playing a part in that. Whether it be you know regimented fitness and exercise or just activities of daily life. Tony I'd like to ask you. Where do you see the recovery space going in the future we mentioned it's increasing popularity but say. Two three four years from now where do you see the recovery space inside of the larger fitness industry. I'll do my best to answer this think Rick and Ken can offer some some great insights here too but. You know I think you know Ken mentioned it in terms of what he provides virtually Rick mentioned it in terms of you know the services that he offers at his facility. I think you know there's there's certain modalities there's certain types of recovery programming that still need. He's only guidance and execution from a practitioner so when you look at. I mean you look at passive modalities like a norm attack when you can have somebody we have clients come into our facility they know how to set themselves up in the boots you don't really need somebody there with you to set those up and now with you know. The smart. Products you can create your own programming whatever things kind of done for you so you know in that sense there's still going to be obviously a place for those passive modalities but one is. Hands on hands on application whether it's you know with percussive tools vibration stretching and then understanding specifically what to target so while it certainly feels good to. To vote your whole body that may not be what you need in order to improve how your body moves and performs and so by still having a practitioner perform an assessment. Whether it's subjective hey what how are you feeling are you sore. How sore are you and then looking at how you move being able to identify areas that might be limited. And then that can guide the appropriate strategy so that you're actually progressing and improving in the areas that you need it. It's easy to vote everybody loves to vote and biper and the venom because they all feel good but if you have to continually do the same things on the same areas. And then you might need to adjust your your strategy a little bit to ensure that you're actually doing the right stuff. You know I think we're learning more and more about the effect of different recovery tools and modalities on the body as a whole and so when you look at things like. Red light therapy you look at other forms of of recovery I think and then the synergistic effects of all of these things I think that's going to be a big thing as well as. How do you pick the appropriate type of recovery strategy based on the person that you're interacting with at that moment in time so. And so the more more research comes out you might find that you know a normatec session maybe more appropriate than percussive therapy on a given day or. You know maybe. And so the more you're going to be more appropriate based on how your current how your client presents to that day whatever it is I think the evolution is just going to be more targeted more specific as it relates to the program which is then going to. And enhance the outcomes that your clients and the benefits your clients receive from it so. You know I think if we can get smarter with assessment as. As technology evolves and you can improve monitoring and look at various aspects of recovery whether that's HRV, sarness, mood state all these things if. If you get smart about how you interpret that data then I think that should influence the types of recovery that you do and that'll just accelerate and enhance the outcomes that you get. So I don't know if that if that answer the question completely but you know again I mean I think with. With percussive therapy tools can get quieter they can you know they can get faster but ultimately have to do you have to you have to do the therapy and the technique in the right areas. With the right complementary activities to be able to elicit the the best outcomes and effects so the tools are one element but to have the the programming and the solutions associated with that is is going to be critical. Certainly I think education for for us on the hyper ice front education is a huge initiative and it really all starts with the trainers and the fitness staff at our partner locations. Really has gone a long way and being able to show their clients kind of the the importance of recovery but also the importance of developing value for themselves as trainers. You know something outside of just yeah we can put you through a tough workout two or three days a week but what are we doing in between those workouts and how are we helping you feel better after sitting at your desk and your office for eight hours a day. And so there's so many different factors that that go into it I'd like to turn it over to Rick and Ken for a couple questions from a more of an owner operator small business standpoint. Really some some things that we'd like to dig into here are how do you built sales of the hyper ice products and retail sales by incorporating them into training programs with clients and then also just even more broad. How can trainers as well as the creators to monetize the recovery industry. I'll take the first hit at this as far as the you know the state of affairs here I mean the my facilities been closed for seven weeks now so. I've had to get creative as far as how I build up my revenue because I'm still accountable for my rent so I've had a diversify how I'm gaining income. So, I mean for one it's just been a matter of building up my business again so from a training aspect and for you know as far as you know we're concerned I mean we basically took off the traveling so us teaching workshops on the weekends. That's a that's an income source that's disappeared as well as far as I'm concerned so. One going virtually training online so both small group one on one and then those those recovery regenerative sessions that I've that have had to start building up as well so I've had to build up a clientele. Where before all this that really didn't exist but to a small level because I was doing so many other things managing the facility traveling teaching educating things like that. But as far as building things in like I mentioned just going down the list of my clientele and. Getting them involved with the other product so maybe I have somebody who invested in a hypersphere. A year ago. Getting you know the vault or the mini in their hands trying a different. And so I think that you know from conversations what I know about them can benefit them because if if anybody ever mentioned to me they had tightness and their shoulder because. They've been throwing a lot and all they've been doing is throwing you know. Other than I might be something that I got them involved with or if clients wife started feeling low back pain because she's sitting down a lot more. Then I'd say hey maybe you need to try the low back. You know so just trying to you know make them aware of the options that they have from a hyper ice product standpoint because and that's in this one reason why I mean one of many reasons why I have loyalty to the hyper ice product line because it's not just one thing. It's an array of things that solve the common issue of tension and blood flow right we get a muscle to relax we can enhance movement of the fluid through the body and now that normatex involved. And that's been one aspect to help propagate you know lymph and blood flow as well so just figure out what they need just like any good personal trainer. Does this they flesh out what does this client need for me right now since I can't be with you physically. What is it that you can have in your possession that can elicit the same if not. What's the same response as if you were with me now where I can guide you through these things so getting people involved with other products within the line to help them you know. Feel as good as if they were with me in this facility so that's that's been part of it so I mean think goodness I've had some products to you know on hand when everything hit. To get out and mail out to my clients I mean I've had you know old clients that live in Colorado that hey try this out. If you don't like it send it back but they goodness they kept it but they couldn't help but keep it because of how and that was a low backmen of how that made them feel especially at the end of the day I mean they could be behind the computer plugging away. They put that thing on it's warm it's relaxing and you know they don't feel the tension they that they usually felt after they started incorporating that product so as far as you know trying to sit that. Car with me but also helping me keep you know keep this place you know while I'm shut down you know I've had a kind of meander through other avenues of gaining revenue just so I have doors to open once once all this you know blows over so I hope I answer your question. Absolutely yeah thank you that was that was great. Passing it over than to Rick how can owners and operators that are out there tuning in with us today how can they start to monetize recovery whether it be. Service based revenue or just answering revenue through retail I know you alluded to it earlier with retail sales of the hyper ice technology through recover as well as service based revenue through the normative boots but can you dive a bit deeper into that for us. Yeah I think one of the big things that we're going to see in the future is. We're going to see a study increase in the places like recovery recovery centers popping up but with that said fitness is going to be filled with recovery so we get it all the time already people reaching out to us. They want to know how can we get you or how can we get something like you in our space because they understand to parts what's going on here one is there's a shift in the industry and two is they can make money off of it so as a fitness business owner this is an opportunity to say. Hey I can I can help beat you up and I can play the role of all the kings horses and all the kings men and we can help put you back together again and then we jump again so it's this beautiful really symbiotic relationship between. between use stress right the stress that's good for us and then facilitating the recovery quickly from that stress to repeat the cycle and so business owners are getting it and they want in on it they're going to start adding in services they're going to take closets and they're going to remove the junk out of them and they're going to put chairs in there and they're going to put. The norm attack and they're going to they're going to put all different types of modalities and they're in stark providing services now most in or many places do have pro shops where. You know they're going to sell there's a blow of or like wheat boats or you know what water bottles and things like that and that service is also really a great place for. For honestly hyperized products and there are a lot of products out there but like hyperize again has such a great sweet and they've got such a great relationship with. Not just NASM but you know we've we've driven as the instructor team that love in that relationship for for this partnership as well because we stand behind. The work that that hyperized does and so to to be able to sell those products. It's great but you know think about it in the same way that if you have a smoothie bar and there are big pushes where we're going to add nutrition and we're going to add supplements but. You shouldn't look over the concept and the idea of recovery added in just the way supplements and just the way smoothie bars and all these other things are it is both a service that you as the the business owner can purchase and provide service. And it is a retail opportunity where you can actually wholesale these products to people who you know needed and you always have that person that person those people that come in. And then doing this move after a one set of bench press and you know that's that's not a dynamic warm up that's a shoulder a gym so what are you going to do you're going to provide them something that they can take with them and go well, it's it's recovery on the go but it's business that you can retail it. And then you can go out so they can keep coming back to your business at the gym and you can keep servicing them. Absolutely I think that is a huge part of it and also tying into what Tony was talking about earlier with not only having those services available on the products available for use and for purchase. And so I'm going to show you how to be able to show you how to use them safely and effectively every time so that's been a big push for us and. And Ricky mentioned it just a minute ago to with from the hyper standpoint our incredible partnership with NASM and being able to provide education to all NASM. And so that's what we're doing to make sure that the research has has been really cool and really helping those NASM. FIP pros to become more accustomed to recovery as part of the industry but being able to provide that education that they need to take it back to their facilities and start implementing it from day one. And I think that's one thing that Makala wanted to mention to about one of the things that. That we're doing today as part of this webinar was the CEU so Makala did you want to jump into that. Yeah, so we have to online education courses available as some are and by creation actually with Tony and the right is on the call here. And as a hypervolt movement enhancement course. These are approved for use with NASM so regular be showing a link to those two education courses and there's a promo code that you guys can as your dial in so you have free access to those. And in addition if you are at a facility that's looking to do some education virtually with your trainers or instructors. We can also set up a live webinar going through education as well too. Yep. Great. So Greg our wonderful producer Greg Espizito is here he's posting he's posting that education for you all of a seal on with free access codes. We all son and now last 12 minute turn it or two viewer questions so if anyone that's tuning in with us today does have questions please enter those into the chat book chat on the Facebook live and Greg will be able to relay those questions to our panelists. Greg have we had any questions come in yet. I have a question from a trainer friend of mine in she's in salt and you talk and she's going to be pretty pretty pretty soon she'll be able to transition back into live training. And also high price products mainly she's using the high revolt. She'd like to get some sort of info on best practices of how you're introducing ice brace any other product to a client that has never done for customers this. I've never had really done SMR themselves and if you have recommendations on whether it's introducing it within a session or maybe offering a separate session to learn about the product and how to apply it. I'll take the for this one. The best thing any trainer can do when it comes to introducing a tool or an implement is to integrate it into their training session so as with any good personal trainer you need an assessment right we need to know how you're moving how well you're moving. And then once we look at qualitatively what we can do to help you move better then we can introduce that tool or the product is case maybe we do an overhead squat. And if I notice certain compensations like your feet are turning out or your knees are coming in I can introduce let's say the hypervult you based on what your body needs at that point in time. So then it might be the outer cast the inner thigh lower outer hamstring in that case so they've done their overhead squat I can implement these relaxation tools like the hypervult or the or the hypersphere and then complement it with the stretch. And then some kind of activation and then get you to move after that so it's not just about introducing the product you're introducing enhanced movement and the product just happens to be a part of that process so it's not just okay. You're moving like this we can move a lot better do the product deal boom boom boom but that's only one part of the the bigger picture as far as enhancing movement is concerned so. Integrated into your training session by way of figuring out what deliver it and then see how they feel and let their feelings tell them they can do next. Transinvesting in the product or the and orbiss nervous to jump in on that as well because I think it's really important that when people. personal trainer start putting together programs. You're starting off with the assessment like Ken says and then you start answering questions to the assessment. So what's going on, what needs to be addressed and then how do you address them? And for those that follow the NASM protocol, phone rolling is really the first thing on that list. And so what I made do is I may start them off with the fiber of foam roller. But, main, not necessarily start with the vibration yet. So this is something new to them. They're going to start foam rolling. I start them off with that device. Eventually everybody's going to start going, hey, what is this switch? What are these buttons? What are these lights? And I'll go and push it. Right, my gun, focus. And then they go, oh, oh, right. And they start to laugh and we have a good time talking about the roller. And then usually they find it on their own. Right, so can I do it with the vibration? And I say absolutely. And sometimes even the vibration helps to mitigate some of the super sensitive spots. Right, so you start rolling tender and it hurts a little bit. The vibration has what's called an analgesic effect. So it turns down your pain receptors. How you receive pain information. And so it can actually be really beneficial to people who find this high-per sensitivity to foam rolling. I usually start off without the vibration just to get used to the device. Make sure that it doesn't hurt. There's nothing that drives people away like pain. So we want them to try to get comfortable with it. And just like exercise, when you're ready to push yourself hard, then you can do that. You can start adding to it. But until that happens, it's easy pump the brakes and make sure that they feel comfortable doing what they're doing these products. That's great. Thank you. We do have a question in the chat from Josh. He wants to know, what have you guys learned through this experience during the pandemic that you'll be bringing back into your in-person training as well? Good question. I think we might see a big resurgence in somebody weight training at the gym. I've had a lot of body weight training exercises that I got to be honest. I'm very excited to get my hands on some weights. But I think trainers will be able to start implementing a lot more body weight exercises just for us. It's top of mind that's what we've been doing. It's what we've been working and playing and training with. So that that would be a peaked and it's interesting to go back into the gym I'd probably say. Do we, Greg, do we have any other questions from viewers today? Yeah, one more from Tiffany in the chat. She's an understanding which one of the hyperase products is your favorite three to the chair of the club. Very question. All right. Who's up? I'll go. Go go, you, sir. I love the, the high-pre spirit meeting, the meeting spirit. That has, but far become my favorite tool. I can put it just about anywhere. It's the perfect size. It's not as small as the crossball as not as large as the softball. I can use it up or extremely. I can use it lower, extremely. I can use it low, though. It'll be a cute complex. I can use it with a vibration or without a vibration. I can put it in a palm on my hand and I can massage things. It is, but far in my opinion, the most versatile tool because it's perfectly sized to do a whole lot with. I think I'm probably up in the air between the, the mini and the vault. I just think that the hyper vault was such a game changer, but I also remember when there was the Viper and then the spear came out and everybody was like, whoa, the spear, like, well, where all this change didn't end the mini came out and we were like, whoa, it's changed again. So to actually have something that you put your body on, I'm with you. I think the mini solves a lot of problems. The hyper vault is such a wonderful tool. It is such a great experience. And it looks cool. So people like it. They want to try it. Everybody that sees it's like, hey, can I get in on that? Can you give me a little this or, you know, so the hyper is good, visual to sell product. And the mini is great introduction to get into it. It's at a low ice point, so people can use it. And this is the most important. It fits really well in a backpack. So like I can take it anywhere. It can go on a plane with me. I'm going to have a lot of hyper vault on an airplane. I think I might get in trouble with some. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll say, I mean, even during this call when I was in talking, I was, I was using this. And I forgot to mute thing is it's quiet enough that the mic didn't pick it up and it didn't show my face. You know, over somebody else says as they were speak. So from that standpoint, I like the vault and the, you know, and I'll say that plus for me as, you know, jumped over the vault just because of the added percussion that that's come with it. But for the most part, it is a toss up between the mini as well as the vault. So unlike you Rick, I will get on a plane and travel with my vault. But I work under the philosophy that the vault is for the areas that I can reach. And the mini is for the areas that I cannot. So, you know, lower part of the shoulder blade. If I want to get deeper into the, into the hip, deeper into the, you know, the ad doctors. I'll, I'll use it. But the vault, you know, for everything else that I can access. That's the one that I would go get into. You know, I can occur with my fellow panelists. I think from a versatility perspective, the hyper sphere many is the way to go. And just because it feels so awesome, the hyper vault. Like can hyper vault plus is is my favorite to use personally. And then clients of, of got a lot of clients and feedback from them on the venom products, the venom back in particular. They're really partial to that. And. And that's worked out really well for them. That's great. Well, thank you guys all for joining us on today's panel. This was really exciting for us and we're happy to be able to to share some of your expertise with our viewership today. If anyone that's tuning in with us today has any questions or wants more information about any of the hyper ice brand or products, please check us out at hyper ice dot com. Or if you'd like to check out our social media pages, it's at hyper ice across all platforms of social media and we hope to hear from you, but guys have an else. Now is the time as everyone for joining. I just want to say that I can still have my original hyper. My original formula, the Viper from the. What was it it was it was the the fundraiser. Check. It was the. 2014 Kickstarter that that that went from the kickstarter campaign. Like I had it from everyone else because when I turn it on the whole house shakes, but I'm just like instantaneous relief. So everything right I love that I'll never give it up. That's awesome. Thank. All right. Thank you so much everyone for joins. We really appreciate them out today and tuning in. Like I said, any questions, please reach us. Yeah, that's right. Website or social media platforms. We look forward to shooting soon. Thanks.

=== FILE: NASM-CPT Podcast What Does Future Hold for Gyms [n5vj46hVd8Y].txt ===

Hello and welcome to the NSM CPT podcast and our NSM Facebook live webcast. I want to say thank you so much for being a part of it as always. Our gratitude or cup run-of-thover, so thank you for everything that you do and the support that you provide. Today, it's interesting. There are a lot of places that are opening back up right now. We've been closed down for a long time. I'm in New York City and that's been squash. It's been pushed back quite a bit longer, but for a lot of other people, you're able to open your facilities. You're able to go back to work. This particular guest that I have with us today, it just serendipitously happened that it was scheduled for today, which is perfect because so many of you will be able to benefit from the conversation. And her name is Rachel Cosgrove and if you are not familiar with the Cosgroves and you are a business owner, then please take advantage of this opportunity to familiarize with the work that they do and the business they have results university. So I want to shout out and say thank you to Rachel. Thank you so much for being with us today. Thank you so much for having me. I'm excited to be here. Awesome. You had given a little bit of introduction for people who do and don't know you about yourself and what you do. And that way, they have a better idea of the direction of this conversation as we start to move forward. Sure. Absolutely. We actually on Friday just celebrated our 20 year anniversary of opening the doors of results fitness. So my husband and I, Alan Cosgrove, opened results fitness. I can't believe it's been 20 years now. We kind of had a different picture of how we were going to celebrate. But we had our 20th on Friday. So over those years we started, we were personal trainers who had a passion for helping people and really it was about loving what we did. And we had no idea how to run a business. And so as we opened our gym, we quickly realized we needed to learn fast how to run a business. We did everything, our bookshelf quickly went from all training and nutrition. And all of the certifications we had taken, including with NASM, to starting to learn more about business and starting to learn about marketing and about building a team and about putting systems in place. And so over the last 20 years, that first, you know, five, 10 years we started to put all those systems in place, started to learn how to run a business and create the business that we have now. And so now we have a team of 15 people working for us. We about 12 years ago started our second company, which is results fitness university, which you mentioned. And really we started to have trainers come out and say, hey can we follow you around and see what you do? And you know, could you mentor me on my business? And so that's really where that business came about. It was really a solution to, you know, a demand. And so we started to invite trainers to come out and hang out with us and see how we run our business and teach them the model. And it turned into our mastermind coaching program, which we have Jim owners from all over the world who we coach and consult with and help to mentor. And so it's yeah, it's a lot of fun working with other business owners who are all over the world. So now at this point, our gym runs itself. So we get to just, you know, go in and when it's open and go in and work out and you know, high five our team and it's really a lot of fun. And we get we full time help other business owners just create that same business that gives them the freedom to do the things that they want to do. So thank you. And I think you brought up a couple of things that we've spoken to before with NASM and one is the creation of systems. And that was what initially had drawn me to NASM was that there's a system to follow. It's not just a bunch of information. And then you got to figure out what to do with it, but it's systems. And with any good business when you set up a system everybody can can take that system and implement it into their business. And, you know, they can color within the lines. Whatever they want to color it can still be their business and their gym and their training style and their information. But within guidelines it certainly helps people with direction and it also helps people to do what you just said, which is create a system. And then it can kind of run itself the way that you guys have set up. The second thing I want to mention with that is the mentorship. And I was invited to be a speaker on a webcast just recently. And I was invited to be a lady talk and the murder lady was talking to me about what is this next step that people can do. And I said a lot of people love to look up to the educators, which, you know, they might be at those sessions and the conferences and things like that. And they're seeing on a platform and they're heard and people say I want to do that. And I told them on the call. I said, if you can be a mentor. Don't worry about trying to educate and teach people on this, like you can do so much as a mentor and people if you've never had a mentor that works directly with you. Then I would love to direct them over to you guys at results fitness university and an experience what a real mentorship is like. And then pay that forward as they continue with their fitness journey. When we all tend to say what's next. I think what you guys do is rate what's next for people. Well, thank you. Yeah, absolutely. We love working with other fitness business owners. And like you said, it's definitely helping them to find that next step on their path. You know, I think like you said, people think there are certain expectations that maybe that's not the right path for you. And even opening a business isn't the right path for everybody. And you know, really making sure that we figure out what is the right path for each each person and each each business to each business is different. Well, let's speak it up. Let's put this up for all kinds of we've got some serious things to talk about right now and there are a lot of people nervous about the future and what the future looks like and I'll say for me, I've got four facilities in New York and we signed a lease on a fifth facility about a week and a half prior to the shutdown. So, and and our landlords are still requiring payment. So there's a lot of fear and I am not the only business owner in this boat, which is why I'm not as scared as probably I would be because it was just me. I'd be like, oh, but it's everybody. What are you hearing about the the nervousness and the fears and more things and what are some of the ways that we can away maybe some of those fears and develop some strategies with it? Yeah, I mean, definitely there's so much fear, so much uncertainty and you know, working with the number of business owners that we do work with. We've been working very closely with them. So as this did all happen, I actually had just had a live event, a mastermind event like a week before everything started to get really weird. And so we were all together and so as it started to happen and things started to get shut down and all of our businesses started to get shut down. We were already kind of running closely together tightly knit together and so I think definitely you need to find people you know listening to things like this, like definitely connect to other people in the industry because like you said that is the really nice part about this crisis is that you're in not it alone, you know, like everyone keeps saying we're in it together and we truly are like it's you know that is kind of comforting to know that. It's not just you know, you going through this as far as the fear goes, I mean, I think the two two mantras I've been using throughout this has been control the controlables. So and we all have had weeks, you know, I started off very like certain and strong and like we got this, you know, and then as we get into like weeks six weeks seven week eight and you're like, oh wait, do we have this like what's you know, and now we're in a week we're heading into a 10 now. Which I'm just you know, baffled and so you know, I've had my moments of uncertainty and fear as well. We all have and I think that's something that you know, we have to recognize that and that it's you know, if there's anybody that's telling you with any certainty what is going to happen or what you know, I think you know, you probably need to run the other direction because none of us truly know what's going to happen. But I think what we can do is we can control we can control and we can you know look at okay what can I do to make sure I show up for my clients is the other mantra I've been you know control we can control and show up. And so who can I show up for today and I think all of us is fitness professionals if we step into what we do best which is to help people you know that helps us to move away from that fear which is paralyzing. You know fear can just put you in this paralyzed state where you just want to curl up on a ball and get nothing done to you know how can I show up for somebody today. How can I jump on live and help my clients. How can I put some content out that's going to you know maybe reach out to a new person who you know is is also worried and afraid. How can I you know who can I help today and so I think if you ask yourself that question every day that's going to help to every day continue to move forward to start to think about you know okay. You know yes we want to get our businesses back open but if we're not open yet what can I do today what do I have control over today. And then as we look toward the future I am excited about the future I am excited about when this is all over and the standard of our industry I do feel like this is going to force our industry to elevate. To elevate to a whole new standard and I think that is exciting you know and I think the storm is definitely longer than you know I think we all expected and as we weather that storm. I think there's going to be you know people that are going to end up standing strong at the end of this that are going to change the standard in our industry. I think there are going to be you know we we're already seeing it there's a wonderful shift into. Virtual delivery of many different fitness ideas and concepts and that was going on prior to. The the COVID crisis but it wasn't so in mass and there are a lot of people shifting over to that I think gyms are starting to realize that. There are a couple things and and I found this really valuable is that when we look at the the number of people that have memberships to any type of fitness facility nationwide that numbers really low. And anytime a gym opens usually it's siphoning from another gym facility right so we're not addressing the the 80% if we just say let's say 2080 rule that 20% of people. Of age have a gym membership who is addressing the other 80% and this virtual means is allowing us to end gyms to have greater outreach towards people and developing new markets so I think it's great. I love what's happening in in that regard now it is devastating what's happening in many other regards so I'm not trying to downplay that and one of the things that you mentioned. And a news letter is that it's not just about reopening I'm going to have you speak to this a little bit but it's about rebuilding because there's going to be some devastation not just with us having been closed but with that getting people in the door to see us and you've talked about. Outreach on a regular basis but what does that rebuilding process include to whatever degree that you can speak on it and these are about the controllable so what can people do these business owners or individuals to to help rebuild what they've lost. Yeah absolutely and I've you know it's there's three things retaining our current members and I think that's you know been one of the number one priorities for us and our coaching members is how do we make sure we communicate and staying keep them engaged so that we can retain who we have and then reopen so reopening your facility and yeah how you reopen like you could have done all this hard work to set everything up and keep everybody engaged and do a great job but then if you you know rush into reopening or. You know don't do it the right way you know you can definitely you know really. What you all the hard work you've done so really making sure you have a plan in place to reopen to make your clients feel safe make your employees feel safe. Show that you're going that extra effort to really create an environment that is professional and that goes back to you know what I was talking about. The elevating the standard I feel like the level of professionalism has to be at a whole new level if you you know weren't wearing uniforms before you probably want to think about wearing uniforms if you you know like we want to think medical we want to think you know where people walk in and there it's like streamlined and clean and. Not like the old school you know so it just kind of think about your culture think about what your setup looks like think about your environment and when you walk into your gym. Does it tell people you know that you are making that extra effort to make sure everything is clean and a lot of it is about perception you know it's not even that you know really even if you know does having your customers clean off really mean that there's no coronavirus like. No, not necessarily but that does give the perception of you know hey everything is completely clean I've taken every effort to make sure that you know we're sanitized we're disinfected and we're doing everything we can so I think just making sure you're going that extra effort and then rebuilding. And so yes we are going to have to rebuild our businesses I know that every week as this goes on we're all you know clients are trickling down right like as much as we're keeping our clients engaged and as much as we're you know come on we got we can do this clients are getting sick and tired of home workouts you know some of them love it like we've you know we just set a survey out and we had. You know we have you know a percentage of our clients about 30% of our clients that are just like I'm good like I like the homework out I'm not ready to come back into the gym you know I want to keep doing what I'm doing and I'm like wow okay you know because I because to me I'm like I'm done with homework out. So you know it's but some people are really loving it and so realize that and like you said this is now a part of your business you know don't don't stop making your virtual coaching. Better every day you know and we can keep doing that right now that's something we have control over is how can I get the video quality a little better how can I get the sound a little better how can I make better interaction with the clients how you know how can I make this even better. Because it's going to be a part of what you do like that's going to be there are going to be clients that they are going to want that and I think there's going to be a hybrid membership of some clients that now that have experienced that and I've been in our survey we already have people saying. You know actually with my schedule I think it'd be great if I could come in the gym twice a week and then do workouts online twice a week and you know they're actually starting to think about this hybrid membership and so. The fact that now you have all of these options and all of you know everything to offer your to your clients. It might look a lot different as they do come back and then of course you know you're we do have a huge percentage of members about 60% of our members that are like open now I want to come back and I want to be in person you know and so that's where you know getting those people back in the doors as soon as we do get the green light is going to be important. To rebuild and I think you know that's where I think as we do need to rebuild our businesses so that percentage that wants to come in the doors a lot of those people may have frozen their membership by this point you know they. They are not participating in your online or virtual workouts and you know they're just waiting for you to reopen and so making sure you have a system in place. To reach out to all those people as soon as possible when you do get the green light to reopen. We reach out to past members there's going to be a lot of gyms that unfortunately don't make it through this and so you know then making sure you have a marketing plan in place do you have your marketing funnels figured out again this is all stuff we have control to start working on now. You know we can start figuring out what are our marketing funnels going to be as we do get the green light to open the doors you know how are we going to let other people in our community know that hey we have you know a safe place to come work out and if your gym is you know not reopening or. Hasn't reopened it you know come try us out right so how do you and I think there's going to be so many different angles we can take I mean I think our industry is going to be more important than ever when this is over as far as people wanting health and fitness people wanting to. I think that's going to be so important to people how do we show up for them so I think there's a lot when it comes to rebuilding as far as the marketing you know number one just making sure you're. Keeping your current clients getting them back in I think that's first you know get them back in your doors get them get some testimonials from them get videos a lot of our coaching numbers who've already open we have coaching members open in Utah. In Arizona and there you know all of their clients they're getting videos from them of wow I feel so safe this has been amazing you know it's so great to get back in the gym and so then they're posting those videos and so you know having that so people start to see like even the people that are unsure and like I don't know if I'm ready to go back to the gym like oh you know what it looks like like it's actually it's safe it's fun it's you know okay you know maybe I will maybe that will be the one place that I go you know maybe I go you know to the grocery store and I go to the gym and that's my you know and maybe that's you know. So it's getting that message out and and really making sure you're ready to capture those videos of your clients as they come back get that marketing out and then have those marketing funnels in place to let everybody know that hey we're the experts we're here we're ready to help you and I think a lot of people are ready to you know really step their fitness up after they've been you know locked up for nine weeks so I think it'll be good. I think all of us. Yeah you've mentioned probably a dozen times the word survey. Can you I want you to expand on this a little bit and then for any of the businesses that are not surveying doing surveys with their member base or their client base. Can you just speak to the importance and the value of the survey. Did I say it a dozen times. That's loveless. It is important yeah and that's part of communication I think you know communication is so important if you have not been communicating regularly with your clients and even if maybe when this first started you were communicating regularly and maybe now like nine weeks in you're like. And they're fine like no you still have to get in front of your clients and communicate and you know have that interaction with them so part of that communication is giving them a chance to give you feedback you know so. Making sure you know you are giving them that opportunity and so yeah we sent out a survey and we have all of our coaching members did this you know as you are getting closer hopefully to open you know as you want to start to figure find out. How many of them I mean we first say asked you know how many of them we're using our virtual services and just to get an idea of you know how many people are using the different things we were offering. And then there is a percentage that are not you know they're doing their own thing and ready for us to reopen. And then I asked you know how many people are ready to come back you know immediately how many in a few weeks how many you use a Google doc and you can easily put together a survey through a Google doc and. And it has all of you know that then you have your nice pretty graphs that you can see what all the answers are and you know you get all of your clients information. And the other thing I would recommend putting on there is a testimonial for your virtual services so I did say you know if you wouldn't mind sharing a testimonial and that's actually been really great to. Get a ton of you know again marketing content so our clients are sharing how much they've gotten out of the virtual services how much they love them. You know it's now I have a whole list of testimonials plus when you're having a bad day there's nothing wrong with having a list of good things being said about your business so when you are feeling frustrated. They'd end down you can go in and read your list of testimonials and it gives you a little boost. And then you know I did ask if there were any concerns or anything that as you know coming back into the gym that they were really worried about and so that gave me a real. And you know idea of like I want to know I don't want them to not tell me I you know I'd rather know than not know so as much as I laid out all of the stuff we're going to be doing to reopen safely. You know I want to know if there's something else that's going to concern them and so just you know really realizing some of them are concerned about who else is there with them right which some of these things I don't have control over. I can control the number of people and keep it alone number of people but you know I'm not going to necessarily be able to say you're only going to work out with this person. So that's stuff that you know you got to look at and go okay well maybe that person's not ready to come back because you know I you know I don't want to put them in a situation where they're going to feel unsafe and so. It just gives you a good thermometer of okay you know who's ready to come back and who who will feel safe and and feels like you know they're they're not afraid. And get them in first you know and I think a discreet first opening is probably good you know getting some of your raving fans in who are not you know nervous about it. So that all you know you can really make sure you feel good about everything and that everybody's you know everybody's feels good you got your systems down because I mean things like we're doing like a pod system where. Each client will get their own equipment so you know what's the flow going to be like are we going to be able to you know move people through is quick enough we're going to try to really have a hard start and a hard stop to our sessions so that we can get 15 minutes to clean everything once they leave before the next session starts. And usually in the past we've been very like you know you know finish your workout as you get you know because it's very social and so it's. Finding that balance of what is this going to feel like and so I think it's important initially to get those people in who you feel comfortable with you know they feel comfortable. You know and maybe you don't invite the people back that are have a lot of concerns or that you know and then. And also some of those concerns you know you can address and we know I think having those conversations with people especially as they come in I think we have to be ready as owners. To have some tough conversations like clients haven't talked to anybody for nine weeks you've been in their home so they're going to want to. Like pour everything out to you and so just making sure is the owner that you're available and that you're there and that. You know you're there to back your team up because I think there is going to be a lot you know a lot to be a lot I think as we do get reopened. Yeah are you in your checklist are you doing things like. That I think that additional plans for social distancing are you creating guidelines around you know know physical contact and you're. And you're doing the things you're doing for the fitness professional and the client a winner what are the social distancing. I don't know I don't have solutions is the right word but. Because that you guys have come up with. Yeah I mean in California we haven't been given any set rules yet and you know it doesn't look like they're going to let us open anytime soon. You know so part of it is waiting to hear what they tell us you know we have to do but as far as what we're planning I'm assuming we're going to be in the keep it to under 10 people in the gym which has been kind of an ongoing some of the gyms like Arizona was keep it to 25% of capacity so some of the gym owners we work with it's been different rules different places so you just never know what in your area so you do have to be ready to you know pivot or you know if they do it end up making it. You know harder on you than you were planning or you know who knows but we are planning 10 people at a time which includes staff so for us we have a shake bar and juice bar so front desk person. Our manager and then two coaches with six people is going to be the max we're going to start off with so each coach we do some of my private coaching so each coach have their three clients. And then as people come in we would have you know a sanitation station so they're going to you know sanitize and hand sanitizer wiped on their feet and then come on in and we'll have it spaced out in the warm up room so they can you know grab their their area you know so there's six space space to part. And then as they they the coach finishes off you know cleaning the the strength room which is where the sessions will really take place they'll come over meet the clients get them warmed up and then take them over to our strength area which we have six. And then we have six like power racks so and you know with a whole setup so basically we'll have each person will have their own power rack on bar whatever the work out is that day we're going to. Probably be more on a generic type of a template we usually do super customized programs and so. Initially I think we will work out we work out more on a generic template just to keep things simple so that we can. Keep each client with their own equipment you know they'll have their own everything and that way they aren't sharing anything they're they're spaced you know six feet apart. So yeah we definitely have all of that you know ready to go as far as and we are going to put little you know areas on the floor marking so that they know like this is my area you know that's your area so they feel safe. I think that's you know I'm hoping that's only going to be for I don't know I'm hoping it's temporary and then we will hopefully move back into more customized programming and everyone feeling a little more comfortable but obviously we got to see right we got to see what happens is everybody gets back. A lot of the states that are reopening seem to be doing okay and our gym owners are doing great the clients are just having a great time and you know all of the feedback has been. That they feel safe and it's so great to get back in the gym and you know they're just very thankful to be able to to get back in the gym so they've been running that same system you know so that's the idea what we're going to be doing. With with all of this going on you've also mentioned a couple times creating marketing funnels for any of the business owners out there that aren't familiar with the idea of funnels and marketing funnels can you explain it identify what those purposes are and how that develops kind of different markets for the same business. Sure absolutely so I think of it as a stadium and you're the rock star putting on a rock show in the middle of the stadium and. And we need to make sure that everyone knows you're putting on the show okay so your show is your gym you know the awesome work that's that you're putting on. So we have you know people who are don't even know the show's going on so they are not even aware that you exist and they don't even know that it's happening and so we have those people we need to get in front of and then. We want to try to invite those people to maybe now they have a flyer in their hand and they're considering coming to the show but. And we know and maybe they start to hear about it from someone else so they can you know maybe buy a ticket maybe they buy the nose bleed tickets and there you know at the top kind of you know listening to the show not all in and we basically as you can you know get the idea is we want to work them towards those VIP seats where they're front row in in the mosh pit like all in you know. Raving fans and so so that's the ideas really just you know finding ways and you kind of go to each of those levels of. You know okay we all know who are VIP rating fans are that are you know all in and you know as soon as we open our doors they're going to be like run and back into the gym they don't care what's happening and then you know knowing that okay all of them have. Maybe friends or family that they're referring you know that they've brought in or maybe you have different levels so it's you always want to have different levels of your membership so now we have this new level of a virtual membership. That you know maybe that some of those people are new and if you haven't added anybody to. Your business you know since this started I would definitely start to put some kind of a referral campaign in place. Or you know start to put some Facebook ads out I mean people are home they're on their phones right now there's so much opportunity right now to get in front of people. So if you start putting content out and start to boost your content and get it in front of some of the people that don't know you exist you know those people are on their phones and if you've just targeted. You know women and they don't even have to be in your area but in your area then you know it's likely that they may have heard of you or they you know so when they see your ad they'll be like oh I didn't know they were doing some. And then they can click and end up on your website and then the goal is to get them to give you their email address so kind of the fly up flyer in their hand would be they gave you their email address and they're you know they're like I want to know more right they're not ready to sign up with you yet but they've given you your email address so I would say right now. The focus should be on building that email list so if you don't currently have an email database. Get that set up that's an easy thing to do and something that you can start to find ways to add to that email database and then that gives you a. A database that when you do reopen you know you can and I would start to email them every week build that relationship with them you know when people. People become interested in what you do it still takes like seven to 21 times to you know to get them to actually take action and join your gym it's never going to be a you know oh there's a gym click a buy you know they become a client rarely sometimes that happens but usually they're going to like you know hang out watch what you're doing. And so if you get their email address now you can reach out to them every week so that's a funnel so a funnel is basically thinking of the wider part of the funnel is these people that don't know who you are never heard of you and you're funneling them down to give you their email them give you your their email address so you can start to contact them. And then eventually maybe they sign up for an eighty nine dollar trial of your virtual services you know and then eventually you know they become your VIP in the front row never misses a show you know signed up for whatever you're offering type of thing so help explain it. I think that's a good way to explain it and it's fun because I think a lot of fitness professionals see themselves as rock stars anyway so that is the perfect analogy for our particular group we're just like right now. I want to I want to share with you something that that was pretty interesting so my business partner at independent training spot reach out to people and just started doing this and I thought it was really valuable and he just reaching out to trainers because we we basically rent space to personal trainers and. He said you know what do you want from us in order for you to feel comfortable coming back. In order for your clients to feel comfortable coming back and it's interesting because some people will just say like I'll hear a couple things that I throw out there and yes, okay, we have sanitizer and we have this and some people will will write you a many dissertation on what it is that you could and should and want to think about and maybe this. And as long as that is potentially to read through it's so valuable it's so valuable and it's not quite the. We didn't set it up the surveys maybe like like you guys had done and then we don't have really any analytics but what we do is we code everything and we put them to the side and we say okay. How many people have mentioned this and how many people mentioned this but sometimes the things that are only mentioned by one person it's like oh my gosh yeah why didn't we why do we think about that and. This is one of the things that we do as business owners even as educators we try to answer questions before questions arise so if I can minimize the amount of questions because I thought ahead of what those questions are going to be I can answer them advance and then you look at it and you go man what a great session what a great experience. But we don't think about everything and that's why I'm super valuable to receive information now once we do that that then carries over into. So I'm trying to bring everything together because everybody else wants to know what you plan on doing with your business before I show up there so if I'm doing this and I'm creating these protocols I'm getting this information and I'm trying to develop this moment of. And I'm trying to make sure that you're just at ease as possible at your business and we do that on a regular basis presumably but right now it is it is in front of everybody's minds. And that maybe art mainstream kind of you know that let's make sure that there's. You know the up your out station or sanitizing station let's make sure that we've got our wipes here and. Love it is masks right do we wear masks when we work out the fitness professionals man wear mask and other people don't like they're still questions that are being put out there as to which direction are we going to go because I don't know about you racial but I've worked out I've gone out to Riverside Park in New York City and gone running with a mask. Not enjoyable not enjoyable working out or running or getting your heart made up a respiratory rate up with a mask with mask on so just kind of. It's I know this is not a direct question it's more conversation and pick up whichever piece you want to. But in this communication answering questions before they get ask creating safety creating concern understanding concern. Getting information from people that are present around us and then. Sometimes creating guidelines that aren't going to be really comfortable for everybody just what are your thoughts on on that and then and then specifically I do want to ask the question about the mask and what your thoughts are because if we're not legally. And you mentioned we don't know what California is doing yet and say thing in New York we don't know what New York's going to do yet. But sometimes there's law and then sometimes there's what we do above that to make things better so what are some of those kind of things where if we're not mandated something where do we as fitness professional step up and. And then we're going to have a little bit of a little bit farther for the safety of those around us. Yeah and it's definitely a hard question and I think what something we've been telling our business owners is you you have to feel good about. You know everybody's going to feel different we all have different opinions we all have different you know thoughts we've all read different things you know making sure you do have valid. And then you know you're going to have a lot of different things you know that are really based on science and not necessarily somebody's opinion and so being careful of your own resources so that that way you're not making decisions based on. And so that might be from somebody else's opinion I think sometimes that happens where you know one person's opinion is another per evening and then pretty soon it gets you know like telephone. But if you don't feel comfortable with it bottom line like you're the owner of the business you got to figure out like what you feel best about if you don't feel ready if it's if they say green light you can open and you're not comfortable fully comfortable with opening don't open you know like you definitely should not open don't feel pressure to open. So I think there are some decisions that each of us have to make personally and this is definitely something that's affecting all of us differently you know some of us know people some people know people who have died of COVID so you know if you are you know personally you know you're in a position where. You're you know you don't feel comfortable I highly suggest you wait you know do not rush into it do not open your business. And if you feel strongly about you know yes, I you know I think everyone should wear a mask I'd feeling comfortable you know then then have people wear masks. And I think it's your business you got to decide what you feel best about because if you don't feel good and you don't feel confident with your environment then there's going to be a problem so I think that's number one across the board. Personally we I like you said I don't think it's safe to restrict your airway when you are exercising. I hope that we don't for I hope we aren't you know they don't make that a mandatory thing to wear a mask. We will make it optional if our clients once you know they want to wear it unless California says they have to. We actually had quite a few of our clients say that if they had to wear a mask then they probably wouldn't come back to the gym. They would probably stay home and work out because that would be really uncomfortable. But then we had a you know other client and other client who wrote us like you said a whole thesis on why you know we should require masks and so it's you know you're like okay we got you got all kinds of you know different people in different opinions and. You know personally yeah I mean you know I think. I mean you know wearing a mask is you're protecting the people around you which is very nice you know but it's respectful to do. But you know is it truly going to keep them if you have COVID are you going to keep them from getting COVID by wearing a mask. I don't know you know it's debatable right so. More you know making sure that we have some kind of a. You know doing everything else we can do to make sure that we're creating a safe environment. If it's required of us we will require everyone to wear masks. We will require our our team to wear masks because I think it will make our clients feel more comfortable and they are exercising so. You know that's something that you know in a business it is required currently so I'm sure that's going to be required so I have been telling my trainers start wearing masks so you can get used to it because it's going to be part of your uniform and you know that will be. I just don't really think it's a good idea. I don't know how I feel about that I don't know how I feel about our logo. I'm mask. But yeah but our clients you know I'm hoping that they won't or maybe they wear one as they're warming up and then you know. But as they start to if you're working out you know if we're like actually working out. It's not like wearing a mask and so hopefully you know with the space everyone will feel comfortable enough that you know they're spaced apart and you know and then you know something that I did get the idea of so on your other note of like ideas or the kind of outside of the box. But the sanitation promise you know and really like that promise that we are going to use the the forehead thermometer as they come in so testing their temperature asking them if they've been around anybody that's had any symptoms. You know or if they've had any symptoms and then that like actually signing something which you know maybe will feel some of the people some of the people that feel like you know I don't know what about the other people that are in there are they being as careful as I am. You know it's kind of the questions people have like if I'm being super careful and washing my hands and you know not in wearing a mask when I go to the grocery store and making sure I'm you know I'm really being cautious and using hand sanitizer are the people around me doing the same thing because if they're doing the same thing then we should all be okay you know. And so I think that idea of like a sanitation promise you know where you basically just have like here's what we all promise to do you know we all promise throughout our day to wash our hands regularly we all promise throughout our day to you know. He's hand sanitizer wear a mask when we're in somewhere public we know like all of these things so that when we come into the gym we know that okay you know I know you you haven't been around people that. Maybe would be putting you at risk and then put me at risk so so that's something to think about is some kind of a promise maybe that might make your clients feel better and your team feel better to that like you know hey we're all we all agree to each other and we all promise that and if we have symptoms we are not going to come in you know no even if it's just something minor even if we just feel you know like a little bit of a sore throat don't come in you know. All right because it's allergy season so totally I usually see me during allergy season I look like I like I have had COVID for the past 40 years you know like. And we're so this is something that came up prior to the shutdown to where we're at I've had to have conversations with with people and it's weird and it's uncomfortable and it's what we have to do as business owners but you're coughing. Right you have a running nose I see you going and getting tissue and wiping your nose or blowing your nose and they tell me it's just allergy because then I go. What I don't know how to answer well this is the time of year and this is when this happens I get it that's hard that's hard to address so yeah. And yeah we'll have to do what we feel is appropriate but here was the other interesting thing. I was like okay I get that and this is something seasonal you've had at this time of year oh you but that doesn't mean the other people were comfortable with it so do you have to make decisions that for the group. For this one individual that is presenting some type of symptom that may or may not be. You know COVID or any other type of communicable disease and we're in a weird place and out where we have to make those decisions for people especially once we open back up because people are going to be sneezing people are going to be coughing and running it running nose they're going to have all of these other things. I can't smell will I can't smell because my nose is stuffed up or right now what yeah. Yeah I think it's you know especially in the beginning I think we have to I mean hopefully they figure something out and you know this isn't how we have to live for too long but you know definitely I think in the beginning like you know just while people are starting to get around each other again. I think it's a very important thing to do you have to and as the leader of your business when you're bringing people together for the first time. You know if you aren't putting things in place to really make sure you're and we've always been super strict it results fitness about it anyway we've always you're an allowed to come in and work out of your sick. You know we've had clients not happy with us you know when we've sent them home because they've come in sick and it's always been a rule like hey if you're sick like there's a reason to work out anyway go home rest get better and come back when you're well and we you know this is a place for people are healthy and we don't want you know so it's always been on so our clients are used to us. You know we've been kicking them out of their sex so that's the thing we've done before but you know definitely at a whole new level right like. Yeah I wouldn't normally kick somebody out of it a little running knows and you know some allergies or they sneezed I mean yeah like I you know I was in I was like had my mask on in whole foods in the aisle and I felt a sneeze coming on and I'm like oh god oh god you know like I'm like they're going to kick me out like what's how you know. It's like yeah and I was like it was just like the mask was like tickling my nose you know you're just like oh geez what's that it's like terrifying like you're like terrified to sneeze you know it's it's definitely a weird world and so. Yeah I think you know as we do get reopened it's going to you know it is going to be interesting and you know and it's yeah I think we just I think right now everyone's on high alert anyways I don't think it'll be too hard I think people understand I don't think that you're going to have you know. You know you might have to have some difficult conversations. Real quick before I ask for questions from the audience we I want to make sure you have time to go over those questions or you get on time Rachel that. I haven't another meeting at 10 o'clock so we have yeah all right we're getting a few more minutes and so Greg do you have any questions that's coming that have come in through the chat. For for Rachel and if not I certainly have a couple more things to address. Yes we do a couple questions that came in you guys have answered a lot of them but. One of them here from Michelle she wants to know what online platform you guys currently using. I want to kind of do your online programming that you're doing to keep your users engaged. Sure we are using the bridge so I highly recommend the bridge we actually we're already planning to roll out the bridge before this at the mastermind event that we had with our coaching members that we actually shared it with shared the bridge and we wanted to have we had a deadline of getting it rolled out by June and so. And then as of you know that next week we basically had it all rolled out and so it's called the bridge and it's really great as far as you can have you know our clients have their customized programs that they can access on their phones they have. We shot videos of all the exercises they can even communicate with their coach through the bridge so. Basically you know they can send a message or they can even shoot a video of them doing the exercise and then gets some you know even coaching from the coach like hey you know take a few little wider or. And that's been really awesome our clients love it and just to keep track of their workouts to have that communication and then have the videos right there so they know exactly what they're doing. Anything else on that graph yeah Kelsey wants to know if you're going to change your programming from customized to more general will you also alter your price. So now it'll just be for the first couple weeks I think and it's not like it'll be a general template so I might have like everybody's going to be doing a squat variation is the idea. But you might have once in using a barbell you might have one person you know deluded holding on to something but they're all going to be doing a squat so as far as the generic part of it it's more just like a generic movement patterns just to keep things simple for the coach so that you know hey we're all going to squat today. Here's how you squat here's what you're going to do I want you to go ahead and use the barbell in your rack I want you to go ahead and grab on to that handle right there so that you have some extra help and I want you to hold on to that kettlebell and do a goblet squat. And so that way it's not totally you know just a generic program but it is just more more similar. Then we're used to usually we do get real specific and customized with our programming and it's really more just to simplify it for the coach to keep our sessions we're going to try to shoot for a 45 minute session so. That'll help us to keep things you know where we can get a lot done in a 45 minute period and and be able to coach easily. While they're using you know their own equipment and just kind of keeping everything streamlined but we don't plan on that. No I don't I honestly we have not we did not change our prices at all our clients still pay full price for virtual. I do not think you should discount your services it's so much harder to go back and so as much as possible find a way to give value. That's been our you know like ongoing how can we give more value to make sure that we are you know. Showing up for the price that they pay but we have not discounted any of our services and don't plan to. And then in the chat once knowing in regards to equipment for virtual does a headset like you're wearing Rachel help with clients hearing you better especially to client pass it back around noise and are you using anything else from an audio. Yes, we sure are we use like so this would be I mean if you're actually teaching a workout this probably wouldn't work because this is attached to my computer. But definitely anything that you have that can decrease the outside noise can definitely help so we've used you know you can use like get a lapel mic that's blue tooth you know like basically it's connected straight to whatever source you're using video source. I wouldn't say I'm the expert on this but there's definitely things you can do to get better audio. Excellent and are you asking that because she's wearing the headset and I'm not and you hear background noise here because I just want to know that's just a theory. Rick that was actually question for me and I was just trying to get you to buy it. I'm trying to get better trying to get better. So hey, great are there any other questions because I have a I have a finisher that I want to ask and then we will we'll close it out and let you get ready for your next meeting. Financial. So this is a. Finish the sentence or fill in the blank for you Rachel. Okay. And I pulled this as a as a quote from one of the emails that it come out from you guys and I don't care if you still it in with what you said in the email. But because things kind of shift and perspective and the current time you're being asked a question. But please fill in the blank and then let's let's chat about it for a moment you're income will be in direct correlation to your blank. I believe it was your ability to sell. Isn't all the mall right or is this current now it's a recent email but this is a quiz. Do they get the answer right. No no but but it's not. It's the whole point of it right like your ability. It's going to be a direct correlation to your income. Okay. What did I say what was it? I believe it had something to do with with systems or funnels or. Or your strategies that I put together. Yeah, direct correlation to the number of your list the size of your list I mean, it's. Yeah, yeah, I was talking about right now is a great time to build your list and yeah I had an indirect proportion to. I mean, you know, you know, helping people right so sales marketing all of that is about helping people helping more people and don't be afraid of it don't be afraid to help more people don't be afraid to get people on to your list. You know, don't be afraid to communicate with them. I think, you know, as trainers were so afraid of sales were so afraid of marketing were so afraid of a pitch, you know that we end up not helping as many people as we could. And right now is a great time to hone your marketing skills, your sales skills and you know really get yourself where you like all sales is guiding someone down the path to change your life. You know, that's all you're doing is saying the right things using the right words to help them to make the right decisions to change your life. And so it's it's a good thing, you know, so and yeah, your income will be indirect proportion to how well you can sell and how you know the size of your list as far as number of people that are interested in what you do and and ready to get help from you. And that kind of goes back to what you're mentioning before about pricing. And it reminds me of something Fabio Cmonas said a couple weeks ago when I had him on the show. He's a prices only a roadblock in the absence of value. And so when you put out that value and people are cared for and they feel cared for. Then, you know, they're willing to continue to pay you that price and there's no need to to discount it and to sell yourself short sell your services short. Because I did a I did a hosting for how to sell for a company here in New York City online virtually and and my whole point was if you can keep your prices the same great but the option probably is keep your prices the same. But you may have to add more value to what you're offering so if if it is less valuable to be at home and have your clients exercising online. You have to come up with something else to create more value and what you do that the price not dropping is not an issue so that price being a roadblock only in the absence of value I think is is a valuable component to what we do so with that. I want to express my gratitude and and seeing you here and we did get an opportunity to to get to know each other and chat a little bit at the last conference that we were at I probably two weeks or a week before the show place so. It was wonderful getting to know you better and a delight having you here so for those that would love to learn more about you and what you do can you just give them the skinny on everything like how to reach you contact you. And so I'm on Instagram and Facebook so reach cause growth on Instagram so just our ACH cause grow on Instagram and then Facebook I have Rachel Cosgrove fan page and then you can also check out results fitness university so go to results fitness university dot com and we're also on Instagram and Facebook. So definitely look at us look us up I post every day so I'm definitely putting out frequent. You know content and then as you head over to results fitness university dot com you can jump on our email list and get our weekly emails of a lot of the stuff that you were mentioning so that you can say in our loop. Rachel thank you so much I appreciate you being here. Thank you thank you for having me on. Awesome and everybody thank you so much for listening this is the NASM CPT podcast and our Facebook live webcast.

=== FILE: Nutrition and Behavior Change Introduction [ajqHHkfBB6I].txt ===

Hello and welcome to How to Form Nutrition Habits. I'm registered dietitian Dr. Chris Moore and I'm behavior change expert Dr. Karam Moore. Together we work with clients to not only educate them about nutrition but we coach them on how to put practical nutrition strategies into practice until they become lifelong habits. As more of the reviewers and editors of the NASM Nutrition Certification, I knew this video series would be one that we will receive by trainers working so hard to help clients reach their goals. One is that work for them and with them without challenging their identity. Now what we'll explain with that means how do you work with someone to figure out their identity and how does that align with their goals? Too often when we're working with somebody we try to instill our own goals on them. Eat this, don't eat that or do this, don't do that. With just like every single person who will be training isn't immediately rushed over and put under a barbell to do a set of squats, not everyone walks into your gym will have the same outcome goals or strategies to get them there when it comes to nutrition. This video series will help identify some of the important steps within the process of creating habits. How do you build positive ones? How do you teach clients to unlearn the negative ones? The end, what is the power of teaching clients to address their own sense of identity so that they can make small changes that will ultimately add up to big results? We'll pair this information with specific nutrition tips, tools and strategies that we've used with our own clients to help them reach their goals. These short videos were created in order to build upon one another. Almost like habit stacking, a concept will discuss in a future video and also as a way to complement the information that's contained within both the nutrition and behavior change certification programs that NASM offers. Thanks for joining us and we'll see you in the next video.

=== FILE: OPT Programming Seniors [gFr0w8qHZnc].txt ===

Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to NAS and Lot. My name is Prentice and as always, we've been doing this for a while. I'm here with Wendy Bats and Marty Miller. How are you all doing this afternoon? Fantastic. And again, as always, we have our producer, the man pulling the strings in the back, Greg. And Greg is everyone salute. So as you all can see right now, today we're going to work on an OBT program for seniors doing a phase five program. Now, I know I'm just saying this tongue in cheek, but hopefully hopefully we don't break our seniors doing phase five. Joking, of course, you can do, you can do phase five programing. So as we, what do we just go ahead and get started? Why don't we go to the next slide and Wendy? Tell us why we want to do phase five training for our senior pop machine. Yeah, so you know, Marty and I, and this every week, but we get excited about some of these topics because we get to talk about the importance of different populations with this particular week being with seniors. And it's an important topic when dealing with senior population because the importance of stuff like balance, that's going to help reduce the chances of falls. So, you know, falls among the elderly, especially those with osteoporosis, are associated with high morbidity and mortality and involve high-cost medical intervention. So in fact, falls are responsible for 90% of the growing increase in hip fractures and are the six cause of death among patients over the ages of 65, which is crazy to me. But falls are multifact rural. Their causes are categorized by intrinsic, which just means personal and extrancy, which is an environmental factor. So some examples of intrinsic include altered balance, neurological disease, sensory deterioration, excuse me, musculoskeletal diseases, phosphohypertension, and of course the use of medication. Research shows that altered balance is the greatest collaborator towards falls in the elderly with the high correlation between balance deficits and the incidence of falls. And so for this reason, you know, studies regarding the risk of falling in osteoporosis are at a high priority in clinical intervention, which diminishes the incidence of fall, which is a health priority, which reflect both on the quality of life and health costs long term. So additionally, evidence suggests that exercise reduces the risk of fractures, showing an effect on the maintenance of bone mass and more importantly, improving posture of stability, mobility, and consequently, consequently, I can even talk today. Domain is being the risk of fall. So indeed, you know, improving balance would be an objective in the prevention of falls. So, you know, that's what we're actually going to focus on today. You're going to see in the program that we're going to show you next. You know, Marty and I put together a program that I've used with our senior potion. And we've taken, you know, all of these stats in this information. And we keep that in mind because oftentimes we feel that trainers, when they're working with senior population are scared to use the OPD model. And that's one of the things we want to cover with everyone today that every phase of the model is going to be dependent upon your client, of course. But don't let age be a factor because when you're designing a gram, everything is for specific adaptation and everyone's adaptation is going to be different. And so when we're dealing with the population and especially in phase five, we're dealing with strength and of course their strength may not be a one rep max. So we're going to keep that in mind. But then we're also on the speed side, speeding for the train of life. So let me ask you before we really dive into the meat of the program. You said senior and you said elderly. So can you give us an age range to give our learners an idea of who they're going to be working with? Well, I mean, I think it really depends because, you know, when you say seniors, when, you know, 65 years is considered a senior and older. And so this could be used from that way. And however, I am training someone that's 67 and he has a body and the mindset of a 45 year old. So, you know, I mean, so that's a hard question, but technically six months older. Yeah. And how much does and just picking up on that point, how much does their biological age mean to your programming because it's the 21st century when they just because they're older, doesn't mean they're old. So, I get older. I keep, you know, moving what I can do to old up and up and up. So, but you know, that's what, you know, brings us to the next slide. Actually, is, you know, when you're doing your subjective information, I mean, you'd find out their mindset, you know, have they ever moved, you know, like, and I say moved, have they ever worked out before, you know, are they moving now, you know, what is their, what is their state of mind? And then what is their body showing you? Because a lot of times, mentally, a client may, you know, may think that they're older because they are looking at their age as a specific number. But their body can show you that they could actually move better than their age, you know, and I'm saying like their age and their mentality, right? Or their mental capacity are just different. It's just different. So, so I think, you know, when we're talking about stuff like that, when you're sitting down with them, you're going to gather a lot of information that will be helpful on the on your programming. Okay, and one more question and then before we move on, and this is the both of you, but even with people who have a younger biological age, and they still have a fair amount of agility, speed agility, quickness, and all that stuff. What are some risk factors? Another contraindications that you would find, but that you would tell our trainers about when working with the elderly client. Martin? Sure. I'll jump in. So, you know, go back to your part, go back to your medical history. They got to be cleared for activity. But as I always like to say, use the model for advantage. We're talking about power here, but just like anybody else, you've got to earn the right to progress through the model. So if you're cleared, and you're progressively taking maybe corrective or combining corrective throughout all the things that we have talked about that extended targeted warm up, giving them their homework, generally, you know, taking them through in a gradual pace by the time you go level of power, most of those factors should be taken care of. Well, when they, and I'll do as we get into the bulk of the program, we'll talk about some unique ways to really put power in and decrease even more potential risk due to the ability of the person. And again, you know, since they're at a more elevated age, we know that they may not be able to desalorate themselves as aggressively. So maybe that you don't have them doing full-amps or maybe they're not touching the ball back at such a progressive pace. So we'll go over some of those ways that you can program accordingly. But again, go through the model, let the model work for you, but just all we're trying to do here is when you get towards that power phase just because there's a number there, don't all the sounds like, well, I can't, I can't allow my seniors to train in this method because, you know, if there's one thing and Wendy pointed out that they is going to save their life, it's going to be available to balance and or absorb energy if they do fall. And that's going to be power train. That's that eccentric loading. So we have to take them through that and just to what's appropriate. The way I'll phrase it is everybody's an athlete, whether you're 65, 15 doesn't matter. It's just to what level are we going to tax, you know, your athletic ability. And we'll find the perfect balance as we go through the OPPT model. And then today we're going to spend more time focused on the power phase. All right, awesome. So with that, what have we been to assess and talk us through that, talk us through the process, what you do there with your senior clients? Well, on this slide, you know, again, subjective information is going to be very, very important when you're sitting down and meeting your client. It's the same goes, doesn't matter how old they are when they come into first meet you because you are building that rapport and you're also building the trust factor. But you want to make sure that there is medical clearance, you need to find out if there is specific medication that they're on, especially, you know, or do they have Osteoporosis. You know, that type of information is very, very important to find out upfront because when you're you know, designing your program, which Martin and I will talk about, I mean, if you have Osteoporosis and it's, you know, it's very severe, you wouldn't want to put someone on a foam roller. So, you know, be very, very specific and ask a lot of questions when you're getting your subjective information. And then you're going to decide what transitional assessments make sense for that individual base upon the information that you've gathered up into that point, you know, looking at their park you listening to what they're going to, and then also what is their overall objective. And so, Martin and I decided because we are kind of using more of a general, like we're saying, senior population, we didn't do a specific case study. So, some of the common assessments that are often done on the senior population is the overhead squat. Now, again, you know, how deep they go, it may not, you know, that could be a factor of course. And then also, if they've never done a squat or the very, they're scared to do a squat because they're scared of falling, you know, instead of putting their hands over their head, then you may end up just having them maybe hold the back of a chair. You know, but you still set them up in the five-connected chain check points, have them raise their arms, see, you know, on a static posture, did you notice any changes even without movement? And if they feel comfortable squatting, then have them perform through traditional overhead squat assessment. So, set them up in the five-connected chain check points with their shoes off, perform the squats and gather the information as long as it's safe. And then, from there, if you want to do additional assessments, could you do a single-leg squat? If their overhead squat looked fantastic and they're comfortable doing that, you could, is it something you want to use with caution because of what we just read about with the falls in the statistics, absolutely. However, it can be done. We chose to use more of the push and pull assessment instead, which again, you know, would be sitting, for instance, on an bench with a cable or band behind them and they would just go into a chest press. And you're looking to identify as though forward, do, you know, what's happening at the trunk, you know, so, so you can still gather a lot of really good information. And the same thing with the pull, it's just the band would be in a different direction. With this population as well, if they have not been active, you know, remember the show-tell do, meaning that the trainers show them exactly what they want them to do. And then, you're telling them as they're showing them and then you're going to have them do. So, then they perform it on their own. And then again, you're going to take all of the assessment data and then you're going to design an individualized program that's based on the results that you gathered in the assessments. Okay, that's pretty straightforward. Yeah, just take you subject to information, do the assessment. That's appropriate for your client and get the data that you need to build the best program. So, we're ready to move on to the next slide. We are readiness. All right, let's head and do that. So, again, you know, if you were to take in consideration, you know, what you come to see, which is what Marty and I kind of said down and talked about, often see bilateral foot external rotation. We often see that the knees move inward. Instead of an anterior pelvic tilt, we may start to see a posterior pelvic tilt. Rounded shoulders and a forward head. Now, again, this is the initial overhead spot assessment. So, this is just came into the gym and that we have successfully put through phases one, phases two. So, after we've done eight weeks of that, we may have sprinkled in some, you know, phase three and four again to their ability. Maybe making it quote a hybrid because we may change the load amount, you know, with this type of individual. But when after 12 weeks, if we did another assessment, it would be common to still possibly see a posterior pelvic tilt. And again, it may not be perfect, but as long as the compensations have cleaned up, and you feel that they're ready for a phase five, then then put it through, you know, put them at phase five and let's see how it goes. Okay. And while we're before we move on to the next slide, I want to ask everyone, I want to say that everyone who's listening, if you have questions, especially regarding training seniors, this is the time to ask so that you can have those fears, if you have them alleviated because, you know, regardless of your age, you need to have, you need to have power, you need to be fast. Taxi drivers and big cities don't care about your age. If you have to move, okay. So, now that we have the information from the overhead squat, we're moving into phase five program. And as you know, when we're going to assume right now, most of these compensations have cleared up except for that, maybe there's still some posterior like tilt left. So why don't we talk through the first part of this template? Yes. And so again, it shows to do it. If I just to show you how Marty and I could design this type of program with the senior population, you can find when we improve or move faster, risk a fall. Those are goals that are very common with this type of relations. So when designing a program, remember to think of it as training for the speed of life. And your life might, you might be faster than your seniors, but again, what is their speed and what are they capable of doing? So Marty and I and Marty is going to talk about why we chose some of this stuff, but we did go ahead and include some self-mile facial rolling. You're going to see that we wrote underneath, it says considerations and Marty out through why, but we would have this particular individual based on the posterior public tilt compensation, foam roll, their hamstrings, ad dr. Magnus, and thoracic spine. Marty. Yes. So when you're choosing your foam roll, again, you guys know the contraindications. We got to worry about things, you know, such as blood pressure, circulatory issues, you know, osteoporosis, you know, osteopeenia. So assuming that those things are all cleared, just because somebody is in that senior posture does not mean that you cannot ever do the foam rollers. We've always talked about having different tools around different density of foam rollers, of course, you know, what feels soft to you do might be enough for somebody in a senior population. Some of our seniors have a lack of muscle mass, you know, they could be more frail. So, you know, they're not going to need a lot of density or if they're in the opposite way, they're deconditioning and maybe carrying a little extra body weight, maybe they can't get up and off the ground. Those are things you all do each and every day as you analyze all your clients. But what I love to do in my facilities is I always had those lower level wider tables, like that you see in physical therapy, because sometimes it'll be very easy for a senior or anybody that's coming off an injury to use that table as an extension of the floor. Maybe they can't get all the way to the ground, but they can do some of these techniques on those wider tables. So just a food for thought as you're building out your facilities. Now, obviously, you know, there's other vibration tools out there. So again, we're just going to look as if we can do these, we know that it's safe for this individual, and we're not going to them just by a number. In their age, we have progressed them to be able to control their body in these different foam rolling techniques, just as we would expect anybody else to do it. So we addressed the main muscle groups that were overactive at the beginning of their assessment, so we keep them calm, or we're going to target the muscles that we're going to train so that way they're prepared for their work at that's coming. And then after we did the rolling, now we have static stretching, which again, I understand it is space five, and again, we called it high root for a reason, and Marty, we'll talk about why we chose to do static, but we're going to have this individual do a standing ham stretch, and he'll say why specifically we chose that one as well as the calves, the lats, a peck stretch, and of course an ab stretch on the ball. So, Marty. Absolutely. We'll look at the ones we chose. We wanted to throw some different things in there, because there's going to be a lot of seniors that can absolutely do a kneeling hip flex or stretch, but we want to make sure we talked about it here with this population. Maybe they can get up and off the ground, but maybe this is the pressure on their knee. I mean, we all know that depending on what flooring you have, if you don't have like the foam pads that put under it, that could be maybe more aggressive for someone that's already had some arthritic or joint changes, or maybe they just simply don't feel comfortable getting up off the ground. So, we always have, we've always talked about it. I have a lot of progressions and you're regressions in your toolkit, so you can pull them out at the right time. So, this is a perfect time for the standing hamstring stretch. Then again, the peck in the flat, because a lot of seniors will have all of us at the honest, but they may have pronounced you know, posture or deviation where they have the forward head, rounded shoulders, or that up across them. So, we want to address that just, you know, something very, very common. So, even when they're improving, we're still going to want to put that in there and get them to get back to the most ideal posture. And if you think about getting them an ideal posture, just like when we do it, it gets your joints in the best position to handle load. Now, all of us here, I know the ages of my colleagues on the webinar were in our 40s. Hopefully, we haven't had any joint changes at this point. But imagine a 60 or plus no matter how healthy they are, they're going to have some changes in their joints, whether it's, you know, their discs are just, you know, compressing because of aging, their spinal canal is narrowing, or maybe due to injuries they've had in the past, maybe they're getting some arthritic changes. So, again, absolutely important to get them in the best posture possible so that way we add the least amount of stress their joints. So, that's why you're going to see things like the pack, the lat calf is great because you, you know, most people are going to have some type of restriction in their ankle. And then we also chose the rectus of dominant stretch over the ball because of that posterior tilt. And again, this is in there. Yes, it's a little bit more of an advanced exercise for a senior potentially. But again, this was a progression. We worked them towards how to get on and off the lower there for say, of course. But just getting them to open up into that extension, letting that rectus abdominis get a little bit of stretch. So, that way we could help eliminate that posterior tilt. Again, for everybody, but more so for seniors, when they're tipping their head back, you have to make sure that medically they can do that and they're not going to get lightheaded or dizzy. But again, this would have been a process that we get them to. I wouldn't suggest necessarily that type of stretch the first day you meet somebody, even if it's ideal from. This is something that you get to know them. They understand how to go through getting out on off this stability ball and then you can easily add in that stretch if appropriate. Yes, thank you to that Marty. And I wanted to go back to a point that both of you made regarding having static stretching in a phase five program. And I just want to give the listeners a permission to expand their thinking regarding applique because with any athlete, depending on how they've recovered from about a vector size, if they're in phase five static stretching is totally fine to get them into the the ideal, their ideal range of motion before we start moving at greater intensities like we would do in dynamic stretching. So, there's nothing having static stretching there isn't counter to phase five programming. Especially what we'll follow up with. Yeah, exactly exactly. It all depends on how you stack your exercises. And I don't see in the program that you have gone to a max deadlift after the ending hamstring stretch. So when you're doing this, she tried to convince me, but I wouldn't have glad you I'm glad you ran her in because that would have caused great confusion today. Okay, so what are we doing for activation now? Okay, so now that we've actually linked them to you know muscles that are going to be overactive, then of course we want to focus again on core imbalance or in this this tone is the activation section. So Marty and I just to talk about the bridge, the standing banded hip abduction as well as standing single leg dumbbell, cobra and of course we're going to do one lap per set. So Marty, do you want to kind of talk us through that? Absolutely. So what we want to do is we want to pick some progressive build up to what's going to be coming. So it's that transition now. It's time to get their body moving, but focus really again on getting their core activated in their balance. So I and Wendy both like to start with the bridge. We're not going to put them on a single leg quite yet. Could you reverse these exercise rounds? Yes, would we say there's a problem with it? No, but the way Wendy and I put it together is before we put them on a single leg. Let's get their glutes fired up. We just did some stretching. Could you do the single leg exercise first? Yes, you can, but just kind of again going from easy to more challenging. We're going to start with the glute bridge. So that way glutes are firing, their core is firing, then from there obviously that's also an active stretch of their hip flexors. Then we stand up. Then we're going to sing a leg exercise. So the hip abduction is great, getting that glute media's to fire. And now again, think about the stance leg. We're not only focused solely on the leg that's going into abduction. We're focused on the other side of the body as well too. Can they maintain their balance? Can they keep their core engaged? Even guys focus on the chin and the head and neck. If they're putting their head forward and you're focused on lower body, you're missing some of their core. You're missing a sign in a signal that they may not be as balanced as you need. So you might want to progress maybe to where they hold on gently to something. Or like I always say, put your hand on and maybe just a finger. I also like to have people near something. In case they start double, they feel safe. I feel safe that they can grab on. Now, I've had the privilege of training countless different people that fall on this category and I really love watching them progress. Some of them, you know, I've trained men that are 64 to 50. I don't know them stumbling in me having to try to maintain their balance for them. Always think about giving them that exit strategy. We talked about that last week as well. Put them by something that is stable, that's not going to, you know, cause an injury if they grab onto it. Nothing that's moving first or where another person in the gym might be using a piece of equipment and somebody gets their hand pinch. So just think about that when you set them up in the gym for this. And then obviously the single leg cobra now we're firing up those muscles that do the protraction, retraction, I'm sorry, retraction and depression of the scapula. Again, a great way to get the core stabilizers involved and then the glute on the leg that they're standing on. So these are some of our favorites. There's other exercises you could put in there as well. But just give any of the explanation of why we chose them in the order that we did the glute bridge first. Okay. So let's go ahead and talk about SACU. SACU, a just agility is very important for any population. But tell us, you picked what you picked for this block. So oftentimes we hear trainers mention that if you have a senior population, you should not be playing a metric exercises or you can do any SACU at all. And it's actually the opposite. If your client can remove it in all planes of motion, then you should absolutely speed them up. However, when we usually see things such as the speed ladder and you're doing different types of patterns in the ladder, what we may see is fast or we'll be as slow, maybe really fast for them. So again, when you're showing them the patterns, they have to really think of what they're doing, which is great, neurology. Their body has to respond to that and perform the pattern correctly. And then you want to feed it up. So you know, be simple, most to start, you're going to notice we have MP, which stands for multi-planar. So we could have do just walking one step in each box as fast as they can, turn around and come back. And then two feet in each box, turn around and come back. And then the NN out out, you know, to how to get some frontal plane movement. And then eventually get them into some transverse motions in different types of patterns. Again, we move in all three planes. You still want to train the senior population in all three planes. Again, you saw the fall stats that we talked about in the very beginning. And you know, it's the sixth-leading cause of death. And some of 65 years are older. And that's absolutely scary. So you want to help minimize the chances of them falling and strengthening the correct muscles to help keep them up right. So those to do a full ladder speed ladder. Again, you guys determine what patterns make sense for your clients. And then start them out walking through it, then eventually get them to go faster. After that, Marty and I have hurdles, multi-planar again. Marty, do you want to talk about why we chose that? So just build off everything when you said it's such an important part. And guys, the only other thing I like to slip in is the cognitive part of this, the accidental exercise. A lot of you, you know, have gone and heard me talk about cognitive is that we're also training their brain simultaneously. And there's so many benefits that come from getting people to have to learn new tasks. And I can tell you that the seniors love this part of training. So, you know, the hurdles are fabulous too because now we're moving again in that added-year-old motion at front plane. And if you're looking at how someone would step over that ladder, again, it's triple flexion. They're going to flex the hip, flex the knee, door to flex. Make sure they do that movement pattern as you would in the lead athlete. Then as they come down, they're applying force down into the ground, like an elite sprinter. And as they transition, they have to stabilize on that leg that they put up over and down on the ground on that, like, so it's a transitional balance. So again, you could have a lot of fun with it, you can play games with it. But it's such an important thing to put into their program. Plus, it's another way to sneak in some cardio-vascular work as well, depending on the rest ratio, to a work-dress ratio you need to provide, as well as the tempo they can go through at. So it's to me, this is a must, and I think it's often skipped too often when we're programming for a seat in your population. And another thing to piggyback, oh sorry, just on top of the hurdles, I'm think about this as well. You'll notice as people start to age when they're walking, start to scoot more than they start to pick their feet up. So this actually starts to incorporate activities of daily living as well by lifting up their feet and really working a lot on their gates and all three planes as well. So just wanted to throw that in. And yeah, I wanted to piggyback on something that you said about parts of X parts of one's worth of what being forgotten. And when do you brought up in the beginning? Sometimes, yes, the causes of falling are intrinsic. You know, you lose, maybe you lose some sensitivity of the mechanical receptors in your feet, shrinking different, you know, you're not getting the same nervous system out of the cause of the spinal canal. But then we have that little factor, the elephant in the room of the extreme factors. And the point that I'm getting at is, have you all ever talked falling progressions? Because that's part of the environment. This we're training, standing up an ideal world, but sometimes the environment makes you ride that pony. And you're going to code on you're going to go down regardless of what you do. So do you add something into SAQ to teach them how I'd that fall out, so they say, stay safe. This is me as the old martial art market. Marty, what do you say? Well, I'm Chuck Limm because again, you know, my round two, I've been thrown down frequently in martial art. So yeah, I had to learn how to fall quickly. Yes, I do put it in. You can kind of against sneak it in. If you think out some of the other exercise where you finally get them to either that elevated mat, which is a recommend putting something in your facility where people don't have to get to the ground. So there's those physical therapy type mats that you know, are plenty wide for one person to train on. And they sit on like a foot or two off the ground. But again, getting people to do even like, you know, partial extension pushups, right? They're learning how to load their wrists and load their shoulders, getting the do modified pushups, right? Because sometimes you fall face down. So again, building that ability to slowly and that's why the stabilization phases, so important. Right? We're starting that there. Then again, you know, if we're depending on your background and you know, what you can bring out of your arsenal, you know, I'll do a lot of things where they're on their mat teaching how to rock. You know, apprentice, you and I would call the turtle in a shell, right? So you're learning how to roll as if an opponent was over you. That's where Knaar had. But again, just teaching somebody how to roll and rock or rolling patterns with some clothes chain exercises for their upper body and wrists. That's so important. And again, often gets overlooked, but you can also create a fall prevention program and put those in there. Or you sneak it into the people that, you know, don't quite accept that this could happen in real life. And again, with even with our S a house to hold type of exercises, you know, or our plyos, all of those are very important. It's just again what skills that you have, where maybe you can grab some of your tools that from from a sports background. Absolutely. Yeah, that's an important part of the S.A.Q. training because just environments living up where in the where we grew up always the chief and I've done that a lot slipping on the ice. Correct. At a very young age, right here in Arizona, people hiking up trails, you know, hitting a, hitting a divot, sliding on some loose rock. You know, those things can happen. So you need to learn how to absorb like you both said in the beginning so that you can stay safe throughout the entirety. I did it. I did it. I did it in the gym. The other day I was there was two sets of battling ropes and four of these houses are a little distracted. I stepped over and I hit the final rope. My ankle tweaked without, again, subconscious. That didn't have time to think about it. There's no way that I would have been able, oh, I think my ankle is going into massive inversion. I'm just half-end in no injury, nothing but it becomes from the repetitiveness of all these semifzure sides that we always put in. So if we're only doing legages, leg extension, you know, those have a place too, but that wouldn't have helped me in that situation. All right. Yes. Thank you, that's an important discussion about quaralling when training your senior clients and it's absolutely important that they need to do quiet S.A.Q. That's just you're just giving them keys to better quality of life. And yes, the other thing too, Prentice, you and I could throw on as if appropriate in your facility. I know we have the cloning this issue is training out of your shoe at some point in time to get that foot truly connected from a neurological standpoint. Claire, I think people with this, you know, cloning this thing now may not be the time to experiment that in the gym, but you know, for consideration, there is a place in time to do some of these exercises without a shoe on if you can. And yeah, just think about that. That's also a good thing. And like the most direct analogy you can think of is playing the piano or the guitar, like a guitar player, in those nice thick, north-face gloves. You're not going to. You're not going to. You don't know anything about that living in Atlanta. So, but those really thick, north-face gloves for sub-zero attempts. You don't have the sensitivity to know what you're doing with your hands and to some degree shoes, shoes function, but super thick shoes function in the same way. So, if they're orthopedically cleared to do something like that, train put when the situation is proper to do so, as you're saying, Marty, I take a couple of opportunities over the course of your training time to train bare feet. Okay, so now let's move on to resistance training. Tell us what you did and why you did it. Well, just before we actually do that, we actually have prisoner squat. And I want to just to step back before we go into that. And the main thing is, I think, of prisoner squat. It's again, they think of it as a very dynamic exercise. And Marty and I actually have our seniors do this the exact same way. So, Marty, do you want to talk about how we would set up a squat really quick before we go into resistance? Yep, so again, going to this squat, feet hit with a part. We're looking for that ideal motion, form and technique, right? Limit their depth and limit the speed according to what they can do. But what we like about in one of the nicest, is I don't know why I feel like I have to try to demonstrate it with the hands on their head if they can. They're going to get up on their tiptoes and you could even have them pause there. And then they just lower themselves at a speed that is dynamic. It doesn't have to be a drop. And you don't even have to do. We're not looking for a jump squat. It's just up on their tiptoes and then lower themselves at a speed that feels appropriate for them. And I always like to do build-ups. So I tell people, hey, guys, we got 12 reps. First three, I want slow and controlled. Next three, pick it up, you know, 25% next three, pick up 25% more. The last three might be the only three that are truly dynamic, but that's okay for an individual like this. Or that's someone that's a rock star like Wendy was talking about. All 10 or 12 can be at a fast tempo under control that's appropriate for them. But you're getting that triple extension, you're getting that triple flexion and the ability to not only accelerate themselves, but really decelerate themselves under control, of course. Yeah. And again, if they can't leave the ground, that's fantastic. Again, you have been working with this individual for 12 weeks. So they may feel comfortable with that. But again, how high they jump and you know, we're not looking for some crazy vertical from, you know, this type of individual. But if they feel comfortable leaving the ground great, but just know that that is a fantastic alternative as well as Marty just said to toes and then down to the ground. But then after we, you know, we've got ready to go. I mean, so again, think of it as an extreme warm up for the superset. And again, a phase five is a superset that is a strength exercise followed and paired with a speed exercise utilizing the same muscle groups or the same pattern. And so we're still going to follow that, but you're going to notice instead of being, you know, as fast as possible for both, we actually put like a one zero, one tempo for the strength. And so that's another reason we call it kind of a hybrid because we did take into consideration this type of client and, you know, what's in the best interest for them? Again, you're going to individualize your program, but that's why when you say it on the template that it looks different than what you're normally seeing in the textbook, that's the rationale why we did that. So to begin, Marty and I, I'm chose as standing staggered stance cable chest press and we paired that with a medicine ball chest pass and he has no rebound written down and we'll discuss why those would be a great pair. So we like to stack gives them, you know, a nice basis of support to be able to move a little bit more weight, but also really makes them focus on their lumbar pelvic hip complex still in their core. And then the reason we chose to no rebound is a lot of people can accelerate something, but if it's a rebound or those things, you can't really modulate the speed back. Generally speaking, it's going to come back faster than most people might want that aren't really in that athletic phase yet. So we decided that just for an example, they accelerate as much as they want. I'm going to roll it back to them. Or I might take two steps in and toss it to them so they're only decelerating a portion of what they're accelerating. That's fine. It's a beginning part of this down the line. Yes, I'd love for them to be able to absorb more of that energy that goes back to our falls. The more of their body weight they can absorb, the better it is if they fall and can catch themselves. So this is just the first time. So I'm not going to be blasting it back to a high speed. Yep, and then we would then go right into a standing row and then follow that up with the banded speed row. So we chose these because no one we love growing, you know, anything that gets that posture. But then maybe they're not ready for overhead medicine ball throw anything that that is a that aggressive. So bands are a good bridge to a full power exercise. So straight up, yes, it's not full power development. Some of your motion has to be in deceleration, right? You can't fully pull on a band the entire movement. We understand that. But getting a band row going still is teaching our nervous system to move more quickly. It's safe. We don't have to worry about a medicine ball. We don't have to worry about anything like that. We can get them right into it, increase their capacity of asking their band. And it's going to be safe for them. Could we eventually move to something else that is a true 100% power movement? Yes, they can be. But again, this is better than ignoring the power phase completely for a senior. And then we would finish with the modified lines and then pair that up with a speed step up. Yeah. So again, when we say modified lunch, what does that mean? It means is good of form as they can control to a depth they can control. Do we care if they go down all the way to a full lunch at no? And a lot of people say, well, why even bother lunging? Well, if you look at how seniors may need to get up and off the ground, they're not going to do it as nimbley as we would. They might get on to hold something and then slowly lower themselves down into a modified lunch and they won't even realize it. So let's why not build that into their program for them. Now, as we progress, maybe the depth does get lower and maybe they don't even have to hold onto something. So modified could be the depth and or holding onto something. Either work. Maybe you do it with a TRX or suspension training and they're holding on and they you stop their depth. So a lot of different ways you can do the modified. The key thing on the modified is it's not full depth and they might be holding onto something for a little bit of balance. Totally fine. And then a speed step up. You guys know that again, you have multiple ways to do step ups in your facility. It could be as small as a two inch rise or four inch six inch eight inch. Probably no need to do a higher than a standard height of a stare that they're going to face. And again, a speed step up to them could be really slow to up. That's fine. Single leg, keep the front leg on the step is the way I like to do it so they're not. Once they have their foot there, they know where it's at and they don't have to keep putting it up there. And then it's how quick can they come up and touch with the other toe. Again, we want full posture. Don't let them do it, you know, slow them down if they're getting all the way to full extension. And again, no problem having them hold on. It's just, are they able to get their central nervous system working a little bit quicker than if you never addressed it? That's a good idea. Science choice, of course, we have triceps, which Marty and I discussed this in detail. When you can, you can discuss this because being the female, this was your client's choice. Well, yes. Well, you're going to say, you know, you know, you've ever had an advanced age individual come in. One of the biggest complaints from a female, especially is that they start losing, you know, their muscle triceps. And so they start jiggling and they don't like it. They call them old lady arms. And so, you know, oftentimes we all care at any age, what our arms look like. But as you continuously get older, we all notice that you start to lose some of your muscle mass. And then, fortunately, that's one that's visible. So, triceps are super important. So, we put them in the permit. That's our rationale. Hi. Okay. And what I want to do really quickly, I'm going to make a really long statement. So, bear with me, just want to point out like the mastery, the art of the program design. And this is where I'm going with. Kurt Thomas is some of you may know, just the past way, untimely. I think that was Kurt Thomas with the gymnast, with the cerebral, cerebral injury, vascular injury. And I had a friend actually passed a way a year ago today. A year ago the day was very biologically young, very active. But had an undetected, you know, undetected vascular issues. Everything checked out normally on his, on his history. So, what I was getting at is normally in phase five, we have one to five repetitions. But sometimes, you know, in the intent of course, relative, but that requires, sometimes, a file-solve on the new group to help you get past that, that sticking point. So, can you just speak to, and you just speak to that is something that you would want to recognize and know the real client. And modify the intensity exactly the way you've done is template. Marty, do you get what I'm, we're talking about. Absolutely. Absolutely. So, again, remember how at the beginning, I said, let the model work for you. So, again, as we start to go through the model, you're going to be working on building up their stability, working up on their mobility, in combination with how they control movements and ready to handle load. And part of that should be the entire time you're working on breathing techniques. Well, you're teaching them when to exhale. Now, as the load gets higher, it's going to be even more important. But in all honesty, the first time into the phase five, do I really care that they're doing five reps? No, I, right now, that's not the time. The time is to transition them. We, the model's written in a perfect world scenario. So, we don't train in a perfect world scenario. But it does mean you can't use the science and then continue on the model then tweak it. So, if I'm working with the senior population and everything's checked out and I'm just about to bring them into this phase, I'm going to start with a higher repetition range. And then when he said, I'm going to control the tempo to what I feel is most appropriate for that individual to this time. As they show me the ability to progress, as they show me that they can control these workouts, as they show me that they now know how to do everything, including the proper breathing techniques I may choose to increase the load and decrease the weight. But you'd really have to give me the reason why, you know, you know, now again, I've trained clients in their mid-60s that they work on cars is a hobby. Well, they might pick up a tire or a battery or this or that. So, I might say, okay, maybe they're more conditioned or I need to condition them for this. But if they've had spinal fusion, if they've had arthritis, you know, and, you know, chronic or knee replacement, I might be like, there's no need ever to get them to that amount of load. So, again, there's, you've got some gray area to play in there. The models written in a perfect world scenario, but don't be afraid to hybrid it for any population. We're talking about seniors today. It's just you have to be able to justify the reason you put in what you put in, but there's nothing wrong with going towards a phase and just tweaking it. So, it makes common sense for the individual working with. But if you're going to go towards those heavier loads, you have probably going to want to limit range of motion, you know, there's nothing wrong. Maybe a modified deadlift where you're using the platforms where they're only picking it up maybe from a chair height if you feel the need, right? What's the odds that I'm having to pick it up from the ground? So, once again, you're just going to hybrid the movement, maybe not the phase. So, it just really comes down to common sense and making sure that you're only doing it because it's going to benefit the client and it's the right time in their program to add that and that all the boxes are checked so that the way they can do it with perfect execution for them and safety is the most and the only thing that we really need to focus on. So, I hope I addressed what you were getting you did you addressed it perfectly and that's just simply the you're there to work with the individual using the model. You're not trying to pitch and hold them into the the acute variables of a particular phase and you have to do what's right for the person in front of you. So, thank you for that explanation. I think we're ready to cool down now. So, what it we do and why did we do it? So, yeah, I mean you'll notice that there's not a lot of change in and what we chose for the formal. Again, we would take the same considerations in, but if we know that they could formal and they didn't in the beginning, they definitely could do at the end or as Marty mentioned the vibration tools. If you want to use like something such as like a hypervolt or or some kind of gun on them and it's safe and they like it. Feel free again, it needs to make sense and they need medical clearance to do so. And then we would finish with static stretch and again you'll notice that we chose the calves, the standing hip flexor this time, lads and the wall, uh, hex and Marty, do you want to talk about that? The key thing again, just the reason we did it the beginning is these muscles tend to be overactive for most people, especially a senior population. We know that they have it for a propensity to get tighter. We know what happens is we age, we lose, uh, less of our hydration and our muscles. So, you know, we're definitely going to spend time inhibiting and then also stretching out those muscles that again, would put their joints in any type of stress. They're going to feel it more than we might. You know, even if we're having some muscular balance is right now at our age, you know, for all of us here on, we might not feel it yet, but, you know, at time that you can get your clients, especially that senior population, their joints back into their ideal position. You have absolutely decreased the amount of stress placed on the articular cartilage in the bone and all the things that tend to cause pain. So, that's why it's so important for us to make sure we finish with that ideal cool down, which is going to work on those muscles that will put people into bad posture. Okay. That was perfect explanation. This was a really good program and it really, I go back to what I said earlier. It shows us the art, how to use the model. And it's not just, uh, it's not just a one to one trying to plug someone into the book. You have to be able to play with that gray area to build the best possible program for any demographic. So, thank you both for this slide education. It's been fun. So, now while we're waiting for questions, if there are any questions, please ask them. Now we are backing up to the hour. So, uh, want to make sure we get, uh, your questions answered before these good people have to go on about their days. So, Marty, what are your, what are your big takeaways for today? And of course, tell us where we can find you. Certainly, the key thing, I think it's a privilege to be able to train a senior population because when you see what you can do with them and really how the model wants again is there to guide you right through it. And when you want what you're going to change their lives from simple things like they're going to come in and get excited about how they can go to the grocery store and carry their groceries or get down on the ground and play with their grandchildren. This is great for whoever you're helping. But sometimes you just get these emotional connections when you really see that something what you take is simple is brought back into somebody's life. So, don't pigeon home as you said, practice, make sure that you go through the model, get creative, get be fun with it and just make sure that you hit all the phases in the appropriate way. And then to get a hold of me, you see my email there, Marty Diller at nsm.org, and I forgot to tell Wendy, I did a change on my Instagram to make it more applicable to what my background is because I made this a long time ago. Is it DR for Dr. Dott Marty Miller 72? So, I apologize that that is not print directly. So, it's DR dot Marty Miller 72. Okay, and Wendy, you have the lab. I mean, Marty just said it perfectly. I think the big thing is, is when you do have a senior and they get excited, you know, learn to train all populations. But, you know, this senior population is very rewarding. I think, you know, keep in mind there are seniors that are running full marathons. And at my age, I struggle doing that. So, again, don't just assume because they're old that they're not capable of really being challenged. So, I think, you know, do what you do, meaning get the objective or objective and so, of information that's kind of really help design the best program for any type of population, and seeing your population have fun with them. And, you know, just make sure that it makes sense and don't be afraid to do some adjustments phase if it's going to benefit the client long term. And, and you can contact me at Wendy dot bats at n-a-s-m-dot-org. And, my Instagram is not even on there. So, I don't know what happened to this slide, but you used me at Wendy bats 13. So, sorry about that, guys. You've heard people when the feed does not want you reaching out to her on Instagram. Well, thank you for those who have to answer and were able to spend some time with us. Thank you as always, Marty and Wendy for sharing your knowledge and your experience with us. It's always insightful. And, thank you, great for flying the ship today. And, we will see you next time every day care, be safe. Bye-bye.

=== FILE: Opening a Fitness Business Navigating Expenses, Taxes & Family Finances [PJyuK59fSyo].txt ===

On today's episode of NASM, CBT podcast with me, Rick Richie, I explore a question Ellie asked about taking three to five years to pay yourself back after opening a business. What it costs to go as an independent as a personal trainer, which won't take three to five years to pay yourself back, and why it isn't always the best way to go. We also talk about taxes for a few minutes too. I'm just stick with me through that one. I also spend some time talking about what it is like to open a brick and mortar business, which may take three to five years of being open just to pay yourself back for all the costs of opening the business. That is if the business doesn't fail. Yeah, I'm so sorry. You're going to want to listen to this one. Make sure that you like, follow, subscribe, and leave a five star review. Now, here's the episode, how do I pay myself back when opening a business? You're listening to the NASM, CPT podcast with Rick Richie, winner of the shared Care Emiel Ward for social storytelling, and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey, all and welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie, and I got a message, and I thought it was such a good question. And there's an interesting flaw in the question here, which is there are two things that are conflated that don't need to be. So I'm going to address this. So the question asks, is this? Hi Rick, just call me LA have a question for the podcast. I've recently decided to be an independent trainer, congratulations. In preparation, listen to some of your episodes regarding what it really takes financially to be independent. Your episode about making sure you account for taxes, retirement, business expenses, etc. Brought up another question for me. It says a lot of entrepreneurs will tell you that it practically all of your profits that you make in the first three to five years of opening should be poured back into your business. That's the case. How exactly am I supposed to determine how much I get paid? How do I pay myself, man? I don't mean no. Do I have to support myself and my family? I mean, I do have to support myself and my family, right? Does it? My family scrape by because I'm investing in my business or is it appropriate for me to pay myself? Well, at the expense of building a business. What are your thoughts? Thanks for everything. Well, I have some opinions for you. I have some non-appinions. I have some just the state of facts here. And so we've got to talk about it. But I will start by saying this. My wife always asks me, when do we get to keep the money? So I have now six gyms in New York City and we have a smaller apartment than we want to have. So we have a lot of apartments, cost of fortune in New York City. So do building out gyms and had we built spent less time building out gyms? We probably could have spent more time in focus getting a larger apartment for our family here in New York. Well, there's a problem. We can go up and we're in a small apartment. If we can increase the size of our apartment, it increases what we need. Not even what we want is another couple of bedrooms and at least one more bathroom. But that cost another million dollars in New York City. So what does that mean? That means that putting money back into the business because even if we kept all the money from one gym or two gyms or three gyms or four gyms, it would be very hard to save up to buy a larger apartment. So what do we do? We actually put the money back into the business and take a few years as you talked about to start paying ourselves back. But then we have an income from multiple different sources. But there are two concepts that are conflated here and they're put into one. So first, let's discuss going independent as a trainer. You are spot on regarding putting aside money for tax. It's here's a breakdown of how tax liability for an individual works. We're going to go all the way up to $100,000. I'm recording this in 2025. So as it stands assuming you're filing as a single and you're not. You have a family but we're just going to go this as a single and it works out better for you to get some family because you got some right-offs. But here's the thing. If you make up to $1,9,000, your first $11,925, that's taxed at 10%. As we go into this kind of progressive taxing system, the next $11,925,248,000 plus change is 12%. Now the first $11,000, almost $12,000 is 10%. The only 12% is basically that $12,000 through the $48,000. Then you've got kind of the almost $49,000 to $103,000 is taxed at 22%. Then you've got the tax bracket of $133,000 to $150,000. That's 24%. Now the total tax liability is you've got to add all of that up. And so if you added up, then that's going to be what's called your effective tax rate. So your first 10%, your first $11,000 plus dollars is 10% and then the next 12,048 is taxed at 12% and the next is taxed at. So it's not like people say I don't want to make $500,000 because I go into the next tax bracket and now I've got to pay way more in taxes because you don't pay, you just pay anything above $500,000 in the next tax bracket. You don't pay everything you made below $500,000 at that tax. So there is a challenge here. So the key takes away, take away is here. You're not taxed at the highest bracket rate on your entire income. The only income that falls within the bracket is subject to that bracket specific tax. Right now as a business owner, you will be responsible for this money. But you're going to also have to put money aside because that's just your federal tax. You've got to put money aside for your state tax. Now that's why people love states like Florida because they don't have any state income tax. And that's why me living in New York City and I have my accountant who is a long time friend of mine that I've known since childhood and he owns a huge tax CPA company, accounting firm in Louisiana, Shreepport, Shut up, Scotty. And so Scotty Amis had one of the people who's working on my taxes reach out to me and said, hey, I ran the numbers on your state income tax for New York State and something wrong. I just got to send it up the chain and make sure we run those numbers again. And I was like, they're right. Are you concerned it's too much money? It's too many money as my son would say. It's too many money. It is too many money, but that's how much it is. And so the tax rate in New York State is a little bit different. And it pushes those numbers way, way up. All right. But good news is whatever business expenses that you have, then you will be able to write that off on your taxes. But what does that even mean? What are your business expenses? Well, some of your business expenses as an independent trainer, you're going to buy some equipment. You're going to do some marketing and put some money towards advertisement. You're going to have a website. You're going to pay for a website. You might pay for mileage. You might rent a facility. You might get permits from the city park. You might build out a garage gym. All of that stuff cost money. And these expenses are expenses that you can write off on your taxes. So if you have $10,000 of expenses and you have a $60,000 income, then you will only pay taxes on $50,000. You'll only pay taxes on the $50,000. Because you got $60,000. You subtracted $10,000 and expenses. It doesn't mean that you write off $10,000 on the amount of tax on your tax bill. It just means you don't pay income tax on the $10,000 that went through your expenses. But you need to minimize those. You need to have receipts for them. You need to know what they are. And try to do as good of a job as you can do managing that. Here's my number one most important tip here. Get a business credit card and nothing goes on that credit card except for business expenses. Business credit card will change your life and how you do business. But remember, this only works if you're not a WN2, W2. It only works if you work for yourself. And that's going to be important. So this type of business will not cost much to pay yourself back on. So if you're going to independent as a trainer, do not worry yourself about that three to five years to make that money back. This episode of the NASM CPT podcast is brought to you by NASM1, the membership for trainers and coaches members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the edge app to schedule and program clients enjoy half off all certifications and specializations. Access to free CEUs and more all of this for just $35 a month. Go to NASM.org slash membership to learn more about NASM1. All right. So let's get to chat in a little bit about this now. The things that you get to write up. Now it's not going to take you three to five years to pay this back. But you did bring up some really good points. You brought up retirement. So let's talk about retirement for a moment because we did talk a little bit about business expenses. We did talk a little bit about what that's going to cost you in taxes and putting money aside in taxes. But let's talk about retirement for a little bit. It doesn't matter if you have a little income or a lot of income. You should be putting money away for retirement. I don't care if it's $50 a month. If it's a $100 a month, $500 a month, if it's $50 a week, $100 a week, $500 a week, $500 a week. If you've got to start putting some money away. So let's go into just a little calculation here. So if you do $50 a month, you put aside $50 a month for 30 years. In 30 years you will have. And we're looking at an average in this calculation and average 10% return. So let's say you get a 10% return on the money that you put in. Then that $50 a month for 30 years will be almost $100,000. It'll be $99,568. Now, yeah, some of that is the money that you put in the $50. But most of that is coming from the increase of the compounding interest that will make you more money. Now let's look at what it would look like for $100 a month for 30 years. You put in $100 a month for 30 years. You give $199,137 in retirement in 30 years. What about $500 a month? For 30 years you put $500 a month away for 30 years. Remember, $500 a month that's $6,000 a year for 30 years. It is not close to this number. $995,000. $995,688. Well, you're almost at a million dollars if you put in $500 a month for 30 years. Well, there's a Roth IRA. So if you're making below a certain amount of money, you can put $7,000 a year, which is $583 a month into a Roth IRA. And you pay taxes on it upfront. But the growth of that is completely tax-free. So when you take it out, it's free money at the end of it. And you put in $7,000 a year or an average of $583. It's at a 10% yield, it'll be $1.16 million. $1.16 million. Just trying to figure out how to put $7,000 a year away. I try to max out your Roth IRA if you can. If you've got a 401k with your company, try to max it out, especially if they match. That's free money. But we're talking about going independence. You've got to have the money to put aside for your retirement money, to put aside for your medical money, to put aside for your business expenses, money to put aside for your taxes. You got to put money away. You're going to be making a lot more money, but you've got to put money away. So now you have to identify, do I make more money as an independent trainer or do I make more money working for someone else? And then you take that, you say, okay, but I don't like working for somebody else. So even if I don't make more money, am I happier? And also when you work for somebody else, you don't have the potential that you have when working for yourself. So, no, well, so I can't, that's not always true. But that is something that you need to figure out on your own. Now let's go into the three to five years to turn it profit when you open a business. Now generally, it's talking about a physical business because you have rent and you have employees and you have utilities, you've got capital expenses that needed to build out your facility. So you need an HVAC system, which I complained about in the last show, you need a rubber flooring to go down on the floor, cost a bazillion dollars. You need equipment to go into it. You're buying equipment to put into your facility. You are spending money. You're putting a front desk in. You're putting vinyl on the wall. Maybe you get a neon sign. Maybe you have a nice lighting set into the system. So it doesn't bother people's eyes when they work out. Maybe you got to do plumbing because you have to put in a locker room and don't forget it's very expensive to have lockers. Not as expensive as plumbing. I'll tell you that right now. So you've got to put money into it. That's the capital expenses. Then the operational expenses, which are your monthly expenses, which are going to rent in your employees and your utilities and the price to wash towels and the price to keep the lights on and paying for your Wi-Fi. All of that stuff, that's going to be. Then you've got to pay yourself. That includes your wages, these operational expenses. Your part of that employee money that has to go out, you're an employee of your own business. Make sure you put yourself in as an employee of your business so that you can make that money. All right. So I have a guy, let me put it this way. I've got to get renting space for me to teach class and we just open this business and he's just starting this new time slot. So nobody showed up and for him to rent that space, it cost a hundred bucks. But let's say that you spend a hundred thousand dollars to open your business. Let's just say you break even on your monthly expenses in month one. You are doing pretty good, breaking even on your expenses when this person was a hundred dollars in the whole. But he didn't put capital expenditures into the business. All he did is pay a hundred dollars to use the space. You put in a hundred thousand dollars and you broke even the first month. Guess what, you're still in the hole, a hundred thousand dollars. Let's say by six months you're averaging fifteen thousand dollars in income per month. That's a hundred and eighty thousand dollars a year in gross income. But your monthly expenses, you've got fifteen thousand a month coming in. But your rent, let's say it's five thousand. Let's say your employees are also five thousand. That includes you. So you're getting paid. Your family is still getting money. You're still able to support them because you are part of the employees. Now if you want to be a hands-off employer and sink into the background and let other people run the business, that's going to be less money for you. But you know, easy streets, easy street, if you're making enough money, you can do that. So you've got five grand a month and rent five thousand a month and employees. And then let's say your utilities and other expenses are two thousand dollars a month. That leaves you with a profit of three thousand dollars per month. Now with that three thousand dollars per month, are you going to spend it? Are you going to keep it? You've got to pay yourself back for you for the money that you put into it. Or if you have investors, you definitely got to pay them back. So is it worth it for you to open facility or just work at somebody else's facility? Because how many three thousand dollars a month does it take to pay back the original one hundred thousand dollar investment? The answer is 34 months. 34 months, 36 months is three years. That's two point eight years to pay yourself back. If that's the profit you're turning based on this scenario, which falls in line with that three to five years to make a profit. Is it worth it? You have to identify what that means for you. I cannot answer it for you. All I can do is give you the resources so you can think about it. Now there's a difference between going independent and opening your own gym. And so that last scenario is about opening your own facility, the first scenario where you can pay yourself back. And three to five years, you'll be able to pay yourself back easily because there are no real expenses in going independent. But you will have to pay your own social security, which is 15% of your income right now. You only pay half of it and your employer pays the other half. You've got to put money aside for your taxes. Now, it's the same amount of taxes, probably maybe even less because you can write things off. But your employer pulls it out for you. If you're not pulling that money out and at the end of the year you get hit with this tax bill, you're going to be allowed to trouble. It was going to be a shock. So I suggest also opening a business savings account. Put that money that taxes owed into the saving account, keep it separate from your checking accounts. You're going to go ahead and take out what you owe in taxes instead of the side. It's a lot to take on. And I hope that you found this helpful. Thank you for listening and thanks to our producer, Eric Sournsyn. I want to ask you to like, subscribe, share with your fitness friends and family and leave a five star review. Also, if you want to reach out to me like Ellie did, hit me up. You can do so on Instagram at dr.ricRitchie or email me, Rick.Ritchie at nsn.org. Thanks for listening. You'll keep inspiring people to fitness. This has been the NASM CPT podcast.

=== FILE: Practical Applications of Heart Rate Variability [zZuEi0Aszhk].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NASM Live Optimal Online. My name is Prentice and I am here with Kevin Longoria, the Chief Science Officer of BioStrap and Custell, National Man of Mystery. How are you gentlemen doing today? Doing great. Okay. Very well. Thank you. All right. And as always, we are here with Greg, our loser who's making everything run smoothly in the background and just be sure to, as we go through this webinar today, you can ask questions along the way. We will have a Q&A at the very end of the webinar. So we are talking today about, we're continuing our discussion about HRB and we're using data to drive our programming today. So we are getting signs from the tell-tale heart to give us information into what we should put or how we should structure our programming today. So let's go ahead and go to the next slide. Okay. So today it's very simple. We're going to do a very brief review of some of the things we talked about in the previous two webinars. We're going to go through three case studies and have some Q&A at the end. There will be a promotion for one of the NASM courses and the medical breeder, which the name is escaping me right now. And for those of you who hang on until the end, we are going to give away the CES course. We're going to give away the new CES course. So we want to hang on, you want to hang on for that at the end. So any questions, gentlemen, any comments before we get going? None for me. All right, let's get going. All right, let's get it going. So let's go to the next slide. And so just a very brief review of basic heart rate, heart rate variability is telling us honestly, listen to our hearts and let that give us some information on how the program Kevin, can you just briefly, briefly, how like what HRB is and how we can how we're going to use that for better outcomes in our training? Yeah, definitely. Healthy heart is not a metronome, right? We still look at these EKG, think beats for us both to fall very consistently. But we now know every time you breathe in, heart rate should speed up a little bit when you breathe out, it should slow down. This little number allows us to objectively quantify our nervous system. And when utilized properly is one of the most valuable tools you can utilize to objectively assess somebody's recovery, they're readiness to perform. As well as our physiological adaptations, how we can show improvements in both health and performance. Okay, great. Thank you. And now that's perfect, that summarizes everything that's going to give us the information we need to do some programming today. And let's go ahead to the next slide. And these are some of the influences on HRB. So let's talk about each of these briefly, but specifically, what are some of the influences that nutrition and I know that you're going to mention gut health for later Kevin, what are some of the influences that nutrition and hydrate have on your HRB? This is at the top for a reason, nutrition and hydration interventions are one of the most important interventions we can make to influence somebody's heart rate variability. And they're risk of all of the diseases and performance factors that are associated. So when it comes to hydration, just basic, you know, drinking enough water, consistently throughout the day, encouraging things like lymphatic movement through proper movement, regular movement. And then nutrition is really about supporting gut health, keeping inflammation levels low, understanding we can make you the athlete in the world. But if you're chronically getting injured, you're not going to be too happy with our programming. Absolutely. And so next, how does sleep influence HRB? Sleep is the second most important, certainly. This is really when we're going to see the improvements in our HRB throughout the evening. Throughout the day, we accumulate stress. Sleep is our opportunity to recover a gap and form, you know, useful adaptations to that stress. So this is really understanding sleep is not as simple as sleeping, laying your head on a pillow for eight hours a day. It's about consistency, avoiding blue light, really optimizing different components of your sleep. And with that comes the need for data. Now, the bad sleeper doesn't tell us enough, we need to understand why they're a bad sleeper and we need to know how to fix it. Sure. And really quickly because sleep is, I think, what we understand as a laypeople is poorly understood. So just a couple of things that we should, what are some things that we can do very quickly that will influence have a positive influence on our sleep? Big one is avoiding too much blue light throughout the day. So we want to wear something like blue light blocking glasses or even better, just limit our screen time, a little natural sunlight in the morning is great for kind of getting that little melatonin surge. Really one of the most important is having a night time routine, really making sure that our body is able to produce melatonin naturally, everything from brushing your teeth, laying down to trying to fall asleep and waking up the following day at the same time is all part of our circadian rhythm. The body works on a 24 hour cycle, whether we like it or not, and it's better to work with it than against it. Okay. Again, sir. So in the previous webinar, Kevin, you had mentioned that the the deleterious effects of alcohol could last several days. When it comes to something like sleep, let's say one of your pretty good routine and one to two nights get completely messed up for whatever reason and athlete. Let's say that a way game or whatever, does it have the same sort of a long lasting effect along lasting a negative effect over several days or as soon as you get right back to your routine, do you just get back to baseline? I don't know if that question makes sense. It did it does. Yeah, there is a concept of sleep debt. You know, if you skip say a full 24 hour sleep cycle, you can't necessarily just sleep eight hours the following day and get right back to baseline. So there's a little compensatory phase where you may need to sleep more, not necessarily eight plus eight. But there is definitely a lasting impact. What we see there is you're able to actually make up from sleep deprivation, a lot faster than sleep inhibition through something like alcohol or substance abuse. Thank you. Okay. And then, so yeah, for that, and that actually did answer a follow-up question that I have. So thank you again, Kyle. So then stress management, how does, so first of all, how does stress or chronic stress longer than it's useful because stress is necessary for us to go through one in various areas of our lives. And stress is cease to be useful. What effect does that have on our autonomic nervous system? Stress is most directly related to our cardiovascular function where we're generally going to see increased blood pressure, decreased cardiac output. And this just has systemic effects. Now our nervous system has to work much harder to deliver the same amount of oxygen and nutrients throughout our body. So stress is correlated with cardiovascular disease undoubtedly, but all the comorbidities that come with that. So stress management is all really about finding what works best for you. Whether that be listening to some music, hitting the gin, great cathartic act for most of us, or just taking a few minutes to focus on your breathing, things some positive thoughts. All of these things have been clinically validated to improve heart rate variability. Okay. And then just continue along that thought-nettle take us very nicely into point four. What is it? How does breathing influence our autonomic nervous system? And what are some things we can do to train that? A lot of the nervous system comes down to how well we can utilize oxygen. What we see in most populations across the board is that we're not very good breathers. We're generally born really good breathers and we regress to kind of chest breathing. We lose that diaphragmatic breathing. So anything you can do from exercise and proving your aerobic capacity to things like respiratory muscle training to strengthen your inspiratory, expi-capacity as well as these muscles and strengthen all of these kind of breathing under costals. All of these things are going to have a positive impact on your nervous system, your sleep and your recovery. Okay. And then Kyle for you going to bring you in. So when we talk about regeneration strategies and we see the other part of our venn diagram on the right, how does movement proper or improper movement influence our autonomic nervous system? The owner, we look at proper and improper movement. Improper movement. So movement that's going to apply more stress to the body than it needs or than it's ready for. So one of the things we'll talk about today or one of the things we have talked about is readiness. So you know your body can be ready for a certain level of activity, a certain intensity of activity. And if you go beyond that, what your body is ready for today, that could be you know deleterious or it could not be, it could be beyond what your body is capable of adapting to for that day. So that's going to be negative movement and that's also more likely going to send you into a bit more of a stress response. Whatever we look at proper movement or movement that you're, when we say proper and improper, you know, of course we can look at form and we could call something improper. But here for this I'm talking more about a level of intensity that you're ready for. So something that is within that readiness window, if we want to call it that, that's going to be, it's going to increase blood flow. It should be relaxing. It should help with some of that, you know, it could help with some of the stress management improving blood flow. We, the muscles to pumping and flushing out metabolic waste. So all of those types of things there could be an advantageous to be what I would call proper movement, right intensity at the right time. Okay. So I think that sets the case for us nicely. We want to monitor all of these four factors because they are going to have an influence on heart rate variability. And also some of the outcomes that we're looking for for our clients in the training setting. So now let's go ahead and get into these case studies. We, we're going to talk about Bob. We want to know what about Bob. He's a CEO. He obviously, he comes with a high stress, high stress situation. He's working 50 hours a week. He's sitting for long periods of time. He drinks, while five cups of coffee a day. I'm a coffee drinker. It looks like Bob's not that motivated. So Kevin, can you explain, well, any sleep, five to six hours a night, but can you talk to us about the other two bullets and how that's going to influence our programming? What are some things that we, we know? What, what can we learn with these two bullets here? Yeah, so the five to six hours sleep is probably pretty generous for Bob. What we see here is just his, he's prioritized work over his health, right? So he's not even probably heard of a metric like heart rate variability. He's not getting his regular physical activity. So while he may feel like he's optimal cognitive function wise because he may be doing well in work, he's not optimal. And this is what we're going to focus on developing a prioritization model as a function of our client. We have to understand their wants, their needs, and their goals. And we're going to develop a program that's very realistic, but kind of matches the idealistic approach as well. Of course, we would like to get Bob doing rigorous exercise, doing high-intensity interval training. Bob probably isn't going to do that. So what we need to understand is how to relate to him and how to get him to prioritize health. He just kind of chopping away until we get him to a threshold where maybe he will adopt a bigger lifestyle change. Okay, great. So now let's see what you did for Bob. Let's go to the next slide and talk a little bit about his wellness program. So you'll see with all of these, they start with education. And this is really what I want to dive into. And I don't want to generalize here. I've worked with many corporate executives, and I've always tried to make the case of, you know, you're working so hard to make all of this money, but are you going to be able to enjoy this money when it's all over? You want to live long enough to enjoy all of that. So try and prioritize your health a little bit. That tends to not be that effective surprisingly. So what I found with this population is you have to show them how this lifestyle change, how health is going to make them better at their job. So this for Bob is going to be cognitive performance. So we want to cite some research around low heart rate variability is independently associated with worse short and long term memory. So let's get you a little more active, sleeping a little better. We're going to get your heart rate variability up and now you're going to be able to remember things better for that next meeting. Or other studies have shown that this increases the likelihood of dementia and stroke. We don't necessarily want to always take this fear-based approach, but sometimes I can get clients motivated. A very strong correlation also exists between prefrontal sub-cortical decision making. So to get very simple there, this is the executive decision making part of our brain, how we can quickly and flexibly respond to environmental factors. These guys need to be able to make a decision, a very important one on the spot. Heart rate variability increases your ability to make these types of decisions. So we just really want to relate to him, his specific needs and his goals before we even start talking about the program. Okay, so now let's and Kyle, do you have any questions about that? I don't know. Okay, so let's start with his interventions. Obviously the five cups of coffee a day, probably not ideal for anyone. What did you do? What did you do recommend to him regarding his hydration? So number one, we just talk about trying to improve our hydration and possibly cut out a little bit of that coffee. I have met with many clients who say, you know, I put water in my coffee. That's a true story. A lot of people think that they're actually getting fluid intake from that one. Really, we understand caffeine is a diuretic. It's not only is this not working towards your hydration goal, it's actually working against it. So there's some research to show, even with the caffeine. Maybe it's hard to pull that out of his diet, but just by adding a liter of water per day, we've shown about a 12% increase in heart rate variability over one month. So let's just get him drinking a little bit more water, right? We don't want to impede on your lifestyle. Let's get you drinking a little more water. See if you feel any different. Then when it comes to the nutrition, Bob probably travels quite a bit. Maybe he eats at some nice restaurants, maybe he's eating high quality food. So what we should really focus on here is the don't eats. And this kind of includes the beverages as well. Now let's let's start on cutting out a little bit of the gluten or those starchy carbohydrates. And let's try and get a little bit more of these phytonutrients, right? Let's play the rainbow with our vegetables a little bit. Let's now let's try and avoid dairy and soy. So with this population, I specifically see instead of trying to completely revamp a nutrition program, really phase base. Let's take this out. Let's take this out because we know they will feel better. They're going to feel that decrease inflammation, but they're also going to see their numbers increase. Bob's a competitive guy. That's where how we got where he is today. So when he's seeing that little recovery score and sleep score increase, he's going to be more motivated. Yep. So on the nutrition, would you recommend a particular meal? One to two meals per day that would include the don't eats or don't eat all across the board. So don't eat, you don't eat the gluten for example, all day long or would it be for dinner, let's start by cutting out this or this. What I found to be more sustainable as opposed to say a two out of three meal type of approach is more of a five out of seven day approach. Let's be good five days a week and two days a week go live your life. And I personally, I don't have much research to back that up, but we all need flexibility for sustainability, right? So I found, especially if you're eating that bad meal right before bed every single night, you ate great during the day, but that bad meals right before bed. Now we're disrupting your sleep in your recovery. So I'd rather get five really good days. Let you see this increase. Now you cheat over the weekend and now you're intrinsically feeling bad because you see your scores go down. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's important to stress that a lot of times whenever we go in super hard core and try to initiate some of these changes very quickly with any client, you know, a lot of times it can turn them away from the program. So it's better to try to ease into it just like you're saying and try to get them to make some good decisions and that will hopefully motivate more good decisions whenever they start to see their numbers improve. Exactly. Cool. So the next thing we want to talk about with Bob is circadian consistency. With this population trying to get them to sleep more is not always going to be effective because they have work to do. They're not going to sacrifice their work first sleep. So what we want to focus on is Bob, let's just try and at least sleep at the same time every single day. Now let's maybe try and turn that computer off for an hour or two before bed. Avoid some of that blue light. Let's try and get you in bed by midnight every single night and you can wake up at 5 6 a.m and get right back to work. But we want to focus on this consistency. Once again, hopefully Bob follows it. We want to reinforce him for that. But he's going to see these little scores. We have a little circadian score 0 to 100 and it's consistency factors going to just that alone is going to reinforce him. Okay. And really, I wanted to go back to to to don't needs. Now is the is the reason and this is more of a question about semantics because we eventually want our clients to not eat certain things and favor of others. But is the way you frame that have to deal with his his position and his mindset. So if I tell, you know, most people not. Instead of asking them will you consider doing this behavior instead? Yeah, it's all part of the phase based program. So if we can start with pooling things out. Yeah. Now we're going to start pushing some things in as well. So once again, it's all just about sustainability and if we're switching foods out for foods they don't like trying to get them to have kale instead of a potato within her, they're probably not going to follow it. But maybe we can just pull that bad thing out. Start to get them to feel good and then they're going to want to make better decisions. They're going to start to trust you when they see that these interventions you're making hard in fact moving the needle for their health and performance. Now they might be more likely to listen to you with the add-ins. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you for that. And then finally on his interventions we're talking about hourly, you know, hourly movement. So if you have someone, I want to hear this strategy. You have someone who's someone who's singularly focused on achieving their goals. Have you given them all every hour to do something? So with our wearable, we have some luxuries right. We have a little algorithm, their activity score that does factor hourly movement in. So they're going to hopefully compete for that little number. But there's also these little insights, right? We can send them a notification if they haven't got X number of steps for the last few hours. You as the trainer can log in and see their data anytime real time. You can see right now has Bob gotten up and taken steps for the last few hours and you send them a little text message. But once again, it all just comes down to Bob. Let's start slow. Let's get you moving a little bit more often. Try to, you know, not sit in that chair, hunchback for six hours straight. Let's get up. Let's stretch a little bit. Let's breathe. This is going to actually help you with your work. You're going to get a little stress relief and you're going to be more cognitively focused. And then they're going to start to just hopefully see some improvements in other aspects of their health as well. OK, great. Thank you for those. Thank you for those explanations. And before we get into your area of expertise, Kyle, do you have any questions or comments about these interventions so far? Just a quick comment on the hourly movement. So whenever I was doing my, my doctoral work at university, there was a professor there that he decided to set up a little study with the administrative staff. And what he got the university to buy them all standing desk. And this was, you know, unpublished, very unofficial. He just kind of wanted to see what would happen. He got the university by the most standing desk. And they wrote up a walking program. And I forget the specifics. I don't know how long they were standing. I don't know how often they were walking. But it was supposed to be, I believe they were going to track this over six weeks and see what kind of changes remain. And it turned out that nobody made it to six weeks because their feet started hurting to bad from all the standing and walking. So the point of that story there is whenever we, whenever we see things like hourly movement, we have to keep in mind that if we're taking a population that's been sitting, you know, on their, on their rear working for, you know, in some cases 20, 30 years basically, we want to make sure we're not throwing them into something to where they're standing at their desk for hours per day. And they're walking and they're doing these things. Just like everything else, just going to ease them into it and just encourage them to stand for a little bit to take a few steps to walk around the building one time, you know, just small, small steps there. So we're not really throwing them to the other end of that spectrum of moving so much that they start to get painful feet. Okay, I'll spend now speaking of painful feet and doing too much too soon in driving in poor movement habits. What are we going to do regarding is let's go back to the last slide and tell us what you did. Tell us why you chose this particular corrective exercise protocol. Yeah. So first of all, whatever we look at corrective, it's important to understand that we, we they start corrective strategy is off of a comprehensive movement assessment. So we have our systematic approach where we start with static posture. We work through the transitional assessments and then we do range emotion. So we're making some assumptions here. Whenever you're working with this population, we would encourage you to go through that assessment flow and make sure that we're designing the program that is best for them. Here we're making some assumptions based on his levels of stress and the picture that we just looked at. So what we want to do is a quick and concise corrective program, something that Bob can do in his office within a minute. So we're looking at something that's around 10 minutes, maybe a little bit less, maybe a little bit more depending on how quickly he moves through these. So we want to start off with trying to relax some of the upper body. So whenever we look at our four phases, we have inhibit, which we use self-mile-facial rolling or self-mile-facial techniques, phone rolling, whatever we want to call it. So we want to inhibit and that's going to essentially down regulate those muscles. So it's going to basically turn them off a little bit. Then we're going to try to add a little bit of extensive building with some lengthening techniques. Those are going to be for our muscles that we identify as being short and overactive. Then we'll look at some activation. So this is kind of the opposite where you can think of it as being upregulating or activating turning these muscles on. That's going to provide us some stability. Then we're going to finish that up with integration. And this is going to be just like the name implies there within integration. We're going to coordinate some movement patterns. These are the total body for, for Bob here. We just have a couple of upper body things. But looking going back to inhibit, so the first thing I would have to do, I would encourage Bob to get some sort of a rolling device. So it could be a softball. It could be a massage ball. It could be if Bob's real fancy, maybe invest in one of those percussion devices. And we would want to use that. Let's see which had a massage ball. If he gets up against the wall to try to get into his peck, so he can get into the peck minor there, which applying some pressure, we can see that these are also done in a standing or seated position. So that way Bob doesn't really have to lay out on the floor of his office to do this. So we want to release or inhibit the peck on the wall. And then if he had that same massage ball, maybe he has two massage balls or the crossballs. While he's seated in his chair, he could position those right in the thoracic spine and lean back into it. That's going to those muscles. They're usually aren't overactive, but that's going to help get him a little bit of the rastic extension helping open up here in the front a little bit. From there, I would ask him how to go over and just do one stretch. So going over to the door, door waste stretch, door when he arms up here, it's great for the peck. But again, it also just kind of helps him open up there and the anterior aspect of the thoracic. That's going to help us breathing as well. Right whenever we leave from that. He can just step away from the door and we'll get into some activation. So standing cobra, he could be kind of a half bent over position and our cobra is really just working on scapular retraction and depression. So once we inhibit and link them the muscles here, then we're going to try to activate by retracting and depressing. The next one I have over there, and I'm going to turn this to do a demonstration, hopefully, a little bookshelf rotation. Again, with the standing, if he has a bookshelf, he can just throw his arm up here and get worked through rotation. This can be activation of the rotator cuff for the just getting some movement there through the shoulder. The reason I would set my arm on the bookshelf here is to try to not get too much activation from that middle deltoid. If we're holding our arm up here, a lot of times that middle delb will kind of lift then off here, I'll lift the humorous there. So if we throw the arm up, we can get that to relax and we can actually get a little bit more out of the rotator cuff. And then the, whenever we get to the activation there, standing scapcion, that's really just going to get us some motion through that scapital thoracic joint and coordinate that with the gleno-aupiermural joint. Scaption raised, thumbs out here. We're typically moving about the same angle of the scapula sits on the posterior aspect of the thoracic, so I'd like to put the thumbs up. So we can just go through a standing scapcion there. If Bob doesn't mind getting a little bit fancy in his office, he could do a single leg scapcion. Let's try to coordinate that a little biter. The last one I put down there is a push-up should be a push-up plus a poor familiar with that, so we're getting a little bit more serratus anterior activation. I put the little star by that because Bob may or may not want to get down on the ground to do his push-up. He could do a little push-up on a wall or he could do any variety of push-ups. That's also going to be another great core activation exercise while he's doing that. Once you're teaching that, again, he should be able to move through those very quickly. This could be something that's eight to ten minutes and that could be his hourly movement or maybe he goes through that one hour and then the next hour he goes for a little walk or something along those lines. Thank you for that. You've actually answered all questions that I had. Now let's move on to case study too. We have someone a little bit different. We have Anne's professional athlete. It looks like she's a professional athlete in my support. When we say that she has repetitive stress, she have repetitive stress injuries from her training or what do we mean by that? Just repetitive motion. So repetitive motion. Okay. Yeah, just front of me up. From the training, increased risk injury. She's significant travel and she's training with a team. Kevin, can you just a little more about her biometrics? What we found there was out there. Yeah, we see that Anne is doing a lot of things right. She has a good VO2 max, even heart rate variability is not bad, but the travel is having a big impact on her sleep and her ability to fall asleep. She trains all day so she has to come back and take care of her, maybe her children at the end. Then, watch her some TV before she goes to bed. All of this, a tombress, not enough for cover enough deep sleep. Seeing that her sympathy portions of her nerves them her stress, outweigh her sympathetic rest digest in recovery. Okay. And just explain, I know that you talked about it, you touched on it very briefly. Just tell us a little bit more about sympathetic dominance. Certainly. So we have those two branches of the nervous system. sympathetic always trying to respond to stress, get everything ready to respond to, you know, dense stressors. And then we have our parasympathetic rest digest in recover. These are constantly playing a game of tug of war, literally at every single heartbeat. Over time our body is going to make adaptations as a portion of our lifestyle. We'll see, for example, smokers tend to be more sympathetic dominant because they're always applying this kind of toxic substance into their bodies. They're bodies always having the stress and kind of recover from that. We see other people with things like adrenal fatigue, right? They've stressed so long for so much that now they're hypothernalist, but to a period of adrenal glands just can't keep up and it's decided to stop doing its job. Now they fall so deep into parasympathetic that there gloomy and mope all the time and they just can't produce energy. So it's really about maintaining the proper balance and understanding that that balance is somewhat of a function of your goal where you're sport. Okay, and just one more quick question before we get into the program about sympathetic dominance in your experience and working with weats. You see any challenges within regarding their gut motility, digestion, elimination. Is that something that would be a sign that we would look out for? 100%. That's why I included this for Ann. This isn't taken from actually one of my athletes that will not. But they tend to be the type, I'll eat whatever I want because I'm high performing and I maintain a healthy body composition anyways. So they're seeing that from a very one-sided perspective, not really understanding how that relates to recovery and injury prevention, right? So they tend to eat just about anything and this really destroys your gut. So while you maybe a great performer, you're not optimal unless your gut is functioning properly. And that's why we'll see that that's going to be one of my first interventions for Ann. Okay, so let's go ahead and get into those interventions. We have Ann on the next slide, please. And while we're waiting for that to come up, Joanne has a question and this would be directed to you, Kevin. And thank you for watching spending time with us today, Jan. She wants to know, is the goal here short-term change of the central nervous system or to create a long-term performance change? Um, obviously the goal is long-term. We always have to take kind of a consideration into the training phase. If we're pre-competition, we have a few weeks before, you know, the big season, we got to do the best. We can to make a short-term yet somewhat sustainable. Other sports like the MMA, for example, we have a fight and then we're off for six or eight months. I'm not taking six months off and then starting or trying to intervene and make long-term changes to the odd and not make, but this is kind of a part of the central nervous system feedback loop. Okay, so now long-term is always the goal. Yeah, definitely long-term. And we'll have, I'm guessing, short-term, some short-term wins, some short, some intervention. We'll have a short-term effect. What are over-go-arrowed to sustain that for a long-term age? All right. So next, let's talk about the program and how you approached education. So with education, obviously this is an elite performer. We can educate on health undoubtedly, but what they're really care about is their performance. With this, we maybe talk about some of the research group. We've covered over the last few weeks. How this is highly related to their imagery, due to its relationship with their inflammatory processes, or how improving how pre-competition stress can actually negatively impact their performance. So we need to now take the same data, luckily these biometrics are so agnostic and we can find a way to actually reinforce them generally on their sports-specific function even. So we want to just relate this to how she's going to perform on the field, on the mat, or whatever that may be, with obviously a little touch on that they have them as well. Okay. Now is this the same personality at our previous case? They're very driven. Yeah, driven, driven, but by different outcomes, right? Yeah, maybe Bob wants to make some money and just wants to perform for the love of this sport, and the money has come with that. Okay. And let's talk about, I know we have mentioned gut mobility and overall digestive health in the discussion or overall discussion in very recently about sympathetic dominance, but let's talk about some of these interventions starting with the gut. The gut restore, so what we do with the bio-strap is we're looking at really specific biometrics of your nervous system. So heart rate variability is good from a high level, but when we can look at your sleep and your different aspects of your nervous system, we develop completely individualized gut restore programs. Here we'll just talk pretty general. Once again, kicking out something like gluten, these athletes believe carbs are their only source of fuel. We know they're in a lot of research shown. It's important to fat oxidation nowadays. So if we can kick out gluten, just a little story of myself, I never really believe that the whole gluten bandwagon, right? I went gluten free for one month, and then I went and had some sweets, and I will never have gluten again. And that is a true story. It had such an impact. I didn't really feel the detoxing from gluten, but when I introduced it back in my diet, I felt like I got hit by a truck. So little things like this where we can show them, you know, remove it, you know, a little elimination phase, go ahead, reintroduce it. This is where they're really going to feel the difference and they're going to make these long term changes. Okay, thanks Kyle. Did you have a question regarding that? No, just thoughts to myself about cutting out gluten. The pizza doesn't have gluten in it, doesn't? Pizza or Mexican food? Pizza or Mexican food? I think that that's all gluten actually. Does new cauliflower pizza crust, I recommend them? Okay, so let's talk about sleep intervention for the martial artist. And, you know, just a funny, funny anecdote, I'm definitely amateur having competed in many, many years, but I still after training session, find myself having this doing these mental gymnastics after training. So, you know, my gosh, should've done this. And, or not that while I was training, sparring with a partner, and just going through this, how do you get the martial artist to calm down before bed? With most of them, I do try and get them to do some sort of post-exercise like a mindfulness meditation. Okay. Your goal is during training, you're going to be sympathetic, but as soon as training's over, you're going to get back into Paris, sympatheticly as you can. In a big part of this is actually the nutrient timing that window of insulin sensitivity, getting back into that antibiotic phase, all of these hormones are related to your nervous system as well. So, a big portion of that nutrition, you know, that breathing or the mindfulness training, but the little things as well, like that night time routine. I have grown men brushing their teeth at the same time every single night and turning their bedroom down to 60 to 67 degrees, whether they feel comfortable in it or not, we show them that these are in fact increasing their sleep biometrics. Okay. And regarding brought up a great point, interesting point about nutrient timing. Now, what's that many of us who are more amateur coming from work into this situation? What is that window of post training to get post training to get nutrition in for to? It's generally defined as 45 minutes. Up to two hours max, but 45 minutes, what I will generally do is about nothing for the first 20 minutes post training because you're so sympathetic anyways, you're not going to digest and everything as well as you can. You know, this 20 to 45 minute window post and this is where you want these really high glycidmic carbohydrates. These ones that would be terrible for you before bed are great for you following training. And then there is this kind of general 4 to 15 to 1 to protein ratio. That's that's pretty well validated. I generally use a little bit of metabolic testing. We look at what they burned and we'll adjust that a little bit, but that's a very important component. Okay. And I'll just explain to us what this what the HRV guided recovery is and how that would work for us. So with this, I like to think of Anne as understand each and maybe she likes how her purpose of therapy device feels or she loves her norm attack, but she skips it a lot. Right? She thinks it works for her, but she doesn't really know for sure. So with this, you start to really reinforce. You know, let's let's do your purpose of therapy. Let's do the pre-training warm-up. Let's do the post recovery. And now you're really going to show her that she's sleeping better. She's recovering better. Using that score, but eventually this is going to translate to feeling better as well. But to this, HRV guided training would be great. Of course, we want to modulate her daily output as a function of a recovery with that team training environment. This has actually been things that have stopped big deals. We've tried to work with many professional teams and they're going to, like, so you're going to tell me one third of my team is not going to train today because they went out and partied and they get the day off because of it. Like, I do get that, right? It's hard to apply individualized training in a team setting, but recovery is pretty individual, right? So when you start to understand how that massage and how that precussive therapy or, you know, maybe that CBD product actually improved your recovery. Now you're going to be a lot more compliant with it. Okay. And you, thanks. And you all, you've already established why breath training is important. But what are some of the protocols of breathing breath training protocols that you would go through with an athlete like Anne? Without a device, we always like to do, you know, really focus on the diaphragm. So, you know, it takes a while to cover all the everything we would talk about in a breath session. But make sure they're breathing properly. Things like triangle or square breathing are very simple without a device. They have, sometimes some good visual cues there as well. But a square breathing, for example, is four second inhale, four second hold, four second exhale, four second hold. You know, generally do about 10 breaths. Take a little break, repeat another 10. And this is taking, you know, a matter of about two minutes. And it's going to have a real time impact on your recovery and heart variability. Okay. Thank you for that. I know, toggling my microphone on and off because there's a lot of noise in the background. And before we continue, Scott has a question regarding sympathetic dominance. And thank you for watching today, Scott. And he wants to know, is there a way to measure sympathetic dominance? Yes, yes, with our device, to the average end user, we'll just usually give them that number. But as a trainer, you're going to have access to the back end. And that's where we look at what's called frequency domain analysis. So here we're looking at the actual bandwidths produced at the level of the heart. And not to get two complex, but we'll look at ultra low frequency, very low frequency, low frequency, high frequency. We know that high frequency is almost 100% parasympathetic driven, where the other bandwidths have specific properties that are both sympathetic and parasympathetic. So we'll actually look at what's called the LF to HF ratio. And this will see, are we leaning too much towards one side or the other? So it's rather easy to interpret because we give you like a little bar graph and you want them to be even. And you can see if we're teeter tottering too much one direction. But when you start to understand how these bandwidths work, then you can start to understand what this bandwidth is associated with lack of deep sleep. That is presenting here. So we know it's not just as five-day baseline. They've been lacking deep sleep for a long time, or this is more related to adrenal function. So the interpretation, and that's why I hope to develop a lot more educational content around this. But there are ways to discriminate between the two brands. Okay, thank you. Thank you for those explanations. And I hope that answers your questions. Scott. Okay, so Kyle, why did you pick this corrective strategy for this athlete? So this corrective strategy for a an this could be something that again is integrated into part of a warm-up. So it could be something that she begins with this as she is moving into that preparing for even performance for training. But it can also be used as part of the recovery strategy. It could be used, you know, possibly as she's getting ready for bed or before bed, you know, maybe half an hour before bed or so this could be something to help calm her down or sort of bring her back down a little bit. But because it is focused so much on breathing. And we are making some assumptions here as well. One of the main assumptions is with and being a professional athlete, we assume that she has more kinesthetic awareness. We also assume that she has a little bit more knowledge about her body, you know, while most professional athletes don't have detailed knowledge of anatomy and physiology. They do oftentimes understand much more than general population client. So whenever we look at these inhibition strategies and this program here too is all focused around breathing. So Kevin mentioned back in webinar too that there can oftentimes be some mechanical restrictions. So if I really want to try to maximize that breath training, we need to make sure we reduce those mechanical restrictions first. These are going to be things that Anne can do on herself. So whenever we start off here with the the SCM, so the sterile quite a master. So these all the muscles listed up here, the SCM, the scaling impact minor. These are all those secondary respiratory muscles. They're going to be lifting up here on the rib cage. And if we want the diaphragm down here to be able to do its job, we have to make sure that these here relax. So getting into the SCM and the the scaling. So we could work these two together. What I would teach her to do is use the the back of her hand here to apply pressure into this this side of her neck. So I wouldn't want to use a thumb to jam in there. I would want to do that type of stuff. So just to back of her hand, and what she would do is sort of drag down and then go through a little bit of a release technique as she's activating the other way. So this would be a slow motion. This is a great way to get the SCM. We can go with more interior to try to get the SCM. One of the other things we can do with this approach. If we take the back of the hand, we can apply pressure backwards. You can see what I'm doing there. As we rotate away, and this right here is a great sort of a a facial technique to just try to get a little bit of relaxation on a little bit of mobility through those tissues. For the peck minor, I would not do this too in, but you could teach her to just reach up underneath to grab the peck minor here. It's lateral of the breast tissue. You find the peck minor and you can just hold that pressure there to relax and release it. This right here is something great to do laying soupines. You could be laying in bed, laying out the floor or whatever. She grabbed the muscle there. Here we would just squeeze it, apply pressure. Typical things here also messing around this area of peck minor. If you feel a heartbeat or a tingling or a shooting pain, anything like that, then you would just want to release the pressure and try to find a different spot. Whenever we jump down to the diaphragm massage, this is another one. We can show her how to do herself. I'm going to angle my camera down a little bit. This is great to do seated, but you would just take your fingers and you would put them right around the bottom ribs here. If I'm seated, I could put a little pressure into that. Once you apply pressure, maybe up to the second knuckle around that, just breathe. This right here could be big deep breaths. This is going to use the movement of the diaphragm to help massage the diaphragm. You can also move the fingers side under the ear. It is just a diaphragm massage. We're going to get it ready to fire and do its job. Whenever we get to the lengthening there, some of these release techniques that we use here, that is part of the lengthening. We could actually skip this or you could go through another just a sort of a stretch to open up the anterior aspect here and try to get some of that extension and extensibility. For activation, we would use the breathing. That's an excellent activation technique. Remember the coordination of the breath, it's not just the diaphragm that we're working. As we inhale, we get that activation of the diaphragm. As we exhale, we should get activation of the transverse abdominis and the pelvic floor. We could use that for activation. One of the things I really like to use here for an integration is making that movement. I'm sorry, taking that breathing and now coordinating it with some movement. I like the quadruped hip blocking so they're down on all fours. The way I would coach this, we just worked on breathing. So we could take whatever strategy we use there. As you're rocking back, as you're going into more hip flexion, we would want to take a big deep breath in and sort of relax everything. And then as we're coming forward out of that is when we would exhale, I would encourage somebody in this movement to start by activating the pelvic floor. As we start to exhale, coming all the way whenever we're rocking forward, we should be at the end of that four seconds if we're using the square method. They could hold that there and then rock, but it could also do this in a standing position. So she could do something like a squat to row with cables or tubing, but I would really try to emphasize coordinating that breath with the movement for her. Okay, thank you. Thank you very much for that explanation and that looks like a really good warm-up, cool down for an athlete to use. Now before we were backing up to the end of the hour, so we are giving away a free CES course today. So what I'd like those of you to do, we're still hanging on with us, go ahead and start to just let our producer back there, Greg, know that you are interested in a free CES course, start to put in in the chat box there and he will be the one responsible for picking you. I wash my hands of that. It's all up to Greg now. So let's go to the, let's go to the final slide and talk about Fenther Case. Well, this guy, Patrick looks like he's a manager. He looks like he works in a basement and he's a candidate for burning his office down. As a, as a, stress, moderate stress long periods of sitting, he may be a bit of overweight, a combination of eating diner food and that stress. He appears he's a pre-diabetic, has high blood pressure. Kevin, can you talk about his biometrics? Yeah, yeah, Patrick is the, the one that has tried lifestyle change multiple times and just couldn't quite figure it out. Use to using that little number on the scale to reinforce his progress, start a lifestyle change program and just couldn't maintain it, couldn't get the reinforcement and needed. So Patrick said generally, decently healthy guy, maybe not by the picture there, but heart rate variability is below average. Definitely something we want to focus on, but being overweight and pre-diabetic in high blood pressure is having systemic effects on his endothelial system and his pulmonary systems and it's increasing his risk of many diseases. Okay. And so, so what is this, so we're talking about is this elevated, elevated restoration and can you talk about his oxygen saturation here? Yeah. Yeah, certainly. So the oxygen saturation, not the easiest way to explain it, but it's basically we're looking at hemoglobin, right? Hemoglobin attaches to the oxygen. How well it's attaching and dissociating in the body has a lot to do with our respiratory rate, our arterial compliance and our body's kind of overall alkalinity. We're really acidic. We see the sigmoidal curve and now we're going to dissociate in ineffective. So a lot also comes down to the nervous system because oxygen saturation drops as a function of respiratory rate in heart rate. Okay. Kyle, do you have any questions or comments regarding Patrick's Patrick's case? Okay. Hopefully he wins a million dollars pretty soon so that he can take some time off. So let's talk about his interventions. Let's go to last case studies slide. All right. So real quick just on the education. This is the health and weight paradox that I see with almost all of my clients, but Patrick in particular, what he's done is basically utilize that little number on the scale. He has this assumption that he has all of these health conditions because he's overweight. He doesn't realize that he's overweight actually because he's in poor health. So every time he's tried a lifestyle program, it's all focused on decreasing that little number on the scale where what we want to do is tell Patrick, you're overweight because you're unhealthy. Let's fix your health. A healthy body tends to follow a healthy body composition. So use these metrics, not that little number on the scale. Let's put that away for the first few phases here. Let's focus on restoring your health, your insulin management, all of these things. And that body weight is going to follow suit. When it comes to the interventions, definitely just when we see things like the pre-diabetic and the increased risk of cardiovascular disease and obesity, we want to fix our hydration. We can look at Patrick and say he looks dehydrated. So we just will first want to focus on nice sustainable interventions. Get him drinking a little bit more water for all the reasons we've talked about the phase-based nutrition. This is what we really want to focus on a nice sustainable program as well. What we want to focus on in phase one is not not caloric restriction. We want to focus on an anti-inflammatory nutrition program. Perhaps a little bit of a gut restore, but more specifically get that inflammation down. This alone is going to see improvements on his clinical markers. He's also going to start to feel less pain. He's going to be more likely to get into that that the exercise phase. With that, we may at some point transition to a caloric restriction when we do want to start losing weight. He's going to lose weight just from losing some of that extra cellular water and some of that inflammation. We're still going to be reinforcing him. With this population, we pull too many calories out. They feel hungry all of the time. This is really going to limit compliance. The partial corrections all at Kyle jump into a little bit deeper. This is a little bit more. This is the classic kind of tech snack, made of thoracic hypothesis going on and there. We understand we can try and get him to sleep better. We can try and fix his respiratory rate through breathing. Unless we can loosen him up and get him a little bit more in extension and not flexional of the time. A lot of this is going to be a lot of effort for minimal gain. Phase-based heart rate variability training. Similar to what we talked about with Bob, but let's crawl before we walk before we run. Let's start with daily movement. Maybe a step count threshold, but with daily, our hourly movement, then we get him into some correctives and then we get him into more of a fat oxidation training. Then things like that. This is all about taking what we can get and sharing compliance all the way along the way. This pads the type that needs the constant reinforcement. We need to be picking out little biometrics that the AI is going to help us with these little insights each morning in the bio strap. At least once twice a week, you need to be calm and Patrick because he's going to be stepping on that scale. Whether you like it or not, and he might be very well giving up on his program because he's seeing the weight, not change or maybe even increase, or we need to say you're sleeping better. Your heart rate variability is getting better. This is what this means to your health. Have some faith in the process. It's about to happen. This Patrick said that the classic case or we need a little actual thing. Yes, he's in for the love of heaven, people stop stealing his state where. Next, go ahead Kyle and talk about what you've done for Patrick and his corrective exercise strategy. For Patrick, we're thinking of this as more like in a regular exercise training session. We know his goals and he's way in each to burn a few more calories. He needs to work on some of the the heart health and he needs to work on some cardiovascular activities. We're going to try to integrate that into a corrective strategy. If people have been falling along on a lot of these webinars, you may remember back from a few times ago that the corrective exercise process, it merges very well with the OPT model. Phase one of the OPT model is what we're going to talk about here. Quick disclaimer, whenever we talk about Kevin mentioned the first phase of the phase based training earlier that it doesn't, well, we're talking about phase one of the OPT model. However, I bet if we started to explore these two phases together, for some reason, I feel like there would be a lot of overlap of the goals and the strategies to help improve some of those numbers. What we talk about posture here, I want you to think of this as being total body posture. So there's long hours of being seated. He's definitely going to have some of the upper body stuff as well. But here we looked at also trying to encourage a little bit of hip extension. So trying to get that motion there through the illegal firmable joint along with some of that stuff on the upper body. And also getting that movement through the angle. So this is more of that total body, literal cast of quads. I put the the star there by the glutes because we mentioned this before, but a lot of times we can use rolling to just encourage blood flow, fluid flow movement, tissue movement, and it doesn't always have to be for inhibition. So somebody that's that's like Patrick here, you can spend a few seconds a minute or so just rolling the glutes, just getting the tissues to move. So that way you will be able to activate them a little bit better whenever we get into some of the activation exercises and the thoracic spine. Again, getting a little bit of that thoracic extension to help open up the lengthening techniques standing calf, standing quads. So some of the the basics there again, trying to get more more dorsiflexion, better hip extension. Here are having a half kneeling rotation. So the rotation again is going to this would be a bit more of an active type of a stretch trying to further encourage some of that thoracic movement. Then whenever we get into the activation and the core, so we see the overlap here between corrective exercise and phase one of the OPT model, I would get him again back into a quadruped position just like we did with in and work on some breathing there. So that's going to help activate those muscles the way we need. Then I'd get him back up do some standing hip extension. So there'd be more activation there for the glutes. And with the with being a little bit overweight, he may not be the most comfortable getting up and down a whole lot. So that's why I also had doing some scapular retraction from a half been over position. In whenever we get into the integration integration slash resistance. So think of this as being again phase one of the OPT model resistance training. So we'll program between 50 to 70 percent of his estimated one rep max. We'll use vertical loading here. So like a circuit to where we would move through these exercises one right after the other, looking at between 12 to 20 reps. So it's not going to be something that's so high intensity that it pushes him past his level to adapt. It's still working within his level of readiness. But we're able to keep him moving, we're able to keep the blood flow and we're able to keep the heart rate up just a little bit. And that will help him cheat achieve some of those cardiovascular goals. A little bit of cardiovascular adaptation in some of those weight loss goals over time as well. So that's the general strategy we used with Patrick here. Okay, thank you for that. That is all very clear and hopefully after Patrick gets through this a few months of training, this reinforcement proper nutrition he can finally enjoy that vacation of the beach. So we at the end of the rub to the end webinar. So we can go to the slide. The final slide of this series. And I'll go through this. If you have additional questions, please start sending them into Greg now. You can 35% on the new CES. You can use the code capital webinar, new 25. And to redeem that, you can call a 8773-1827. That's 8887-31827. And you can also this is an ongoing discount from our friends at Bioshtrap. You can also get the PN medical breeder fit for 20% off using the code capital in a S M 20% and you can redeem that at pnmedico.com slash products and gentlemen Kevin, do you have or actually let's start with you Kyle, do you have any take away points from today's webinar? Typically point to use the data, use the data that you have available. There we have a wealth of information that we can get access to and make sure you use it to drive a program and strategies. The I said it in the beginning of this, but just to reiterate whenever we look at corrective, it's based on movement. So they sure you're including the assessments. The programs we looked at here, these were the programs we looked at. These were general, we didn't make some assumptions here. They would be effective for most of the people based on the setup that we looked at. But again, we need to combine some of those numbers that movement assessment before we really jump into corrective exercise, Framing. Okay, thank you for that and Kevin, what's your big takeaway? Basically, we're at where this technology is available. I think we understand that optimal outcomes aren't just seeing our clients one hour twice a week in a gym setting. We now have the ability to remotely monitor their sleep and other aspects of their health and performance to build programs around. But the biometrics alone are not enough. Apple watches and these have been around for a long time and in health care epidemics are only getting worse in our country. What we need is a frontline of fitness professionals on the proactive end of health care, preventing diseases. Doctors are going to be there to cure them. But I think you know, utilize types of tools to facilitate improved nutrition and exercise habits with this reinforcement model. We have a really good opportunity to really move the needle here. The technologies there, now we just need the healthcare professionals to take the time to learn about it and understand how to apply it. Okay, great, thank you. Thank you for that and thank you both gentlemen for your contributions and your work putting these webinars together and educating us on such a short order. And the winner today for our free CES course is Becky and I think I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly. Becky, Carol, congratulations. You have won your CDS course. If you could send a message to Greg, our producer with your email address, we can get that. We can get you set up with that. Okay, the intention of the very educating and thank you, Greg, for doing all of your work in the back. And hopefully we'll see you all again very soon. Have a great weekend, everyone stay safe.

=== FILE: Program Design CES Phase 5 [B_nNU3LnN68].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS of Live. My name is Prentice and here with Wendy Bax and Marty Miller. How are you all doing this afternoon? Fantastic. Great. Thank you, Prentice. All right. And we have our man Greg in the background, making sure it all runs smoothly and he gives us a salute. So let's get started. This is going to be a fun program today after reading through it a few times. But let's, we want to design another program using the CES as, as a focused warm-up or movement prep. And just as a reminder CES can be, is, is really a targeted flexibility and strength training program that can be used as a workout on its own and covered that. And we can use it as a special warm-up. And what we want to do is identify the problem using several of the assessments that we'll see later is when D talks us through this very special client. We're going to solve the problem, which is going to include the program design and implement the solution. We actually have to take this client and make this client do a little work. Pay a little sweat equity to get the results of the program. So let's go ahead and get started. Tell us who we're training today. Yes. So this is actually one of my clients. I did change his name, of course. But I wanted to give you a little bit of background. So John Smith is our client for the day. He is 27 years old. He is a professional basketball player. So he is in the NBA. Some history about John is he's played basketball since he was five years old. He's played in college, of course, and was the first round draft pick. He has had low back surgery and multiple ankle sprains and has had occasional anterior knee pain. So we do a knee pain in front knee pain actually. And right hand wrist pain sometimes after a long game. He does not take any prescription medication. However, he does take supplements. These supplements are provided by his team and his team actually has an R.D. that's on staff that works with him with his diet and how much calories he's supposed to take in per day. So he eats a super clean diet and of course he measures his own calorie intake. He does wear a technology strap that measures his sleep, his calorie expenditure, his resting heart rate, max heart rate, etc. And he does share that information with me as well. So when we're not training together and he's actually doing pick-up games or working with a different coach, he sends me that data. So therefore I can make sure every time we're designing a program that it's going to be good for him. And his current goals are basically just to stay competitive and increase his explosiveness, his durability and endurance. And his goal weight before he leaves for camp is 203 and he is currently at 208. So again, just a little bit information too before we move on, I have been training John now for three years and I get him in the off season. So he has gone through all five phases of well technically seven phases of the O.P.T model. So this was actually one of his last programs that we did before we sent him to camp. However, he has come back. We have gathered new data and he will be able to unjulate again at the start of the season with just a few minor tweaks adding some of the CES on the front end of each and every program. So we wanted to again to show you guys that when you're thinking of the CES that it doesn't have to be someone that's just coming out of rehab. That this is something that we can put in front of any phase of the model as long as it makes sense for this for whoever you're training. Okay, perfect Wendy. And I just want just for clarity. How soon do you get him after after the season, after last game playoffs? And how much time do you have with him before he goes back to training camp? Well obviously this is a unique situation because I mean, you know, we've got to think that he's done with the season early. So because of everything going on right now, I'm not actually going to start back with him doing this like these programs until probably middle of June. And it's mainly because his wife is pregnant and we want to make sure that everything is good on her end. But with that being said, we want to take consideration this information and then I will have him. I train him three times a week and I'm going to have him up until he leaves to go to camp. Okay, okay, perfect. So let's so if you're ready, let's talk about his assessments. Now because he's an NBA player, we're going to do the typical static postural assessments and transitional assessments, but we're going to do something a little more dynamic today as well. Absolutely. So he is one of one of the most compliant clients that I have. And so keeping that in mind, he does a lot of self work. So he does his homework probably better than any other client I've ever had in all of my training history. So he knows, you know, the importance of fomorowing and stretching and he does a lot of his own recovery. He has recovery boots. He has a power dot. He has different different things like that that he he implements on his own. But when he came in, I'm just looking at him from just a static posture. The only thing that I really notice with him right now is that his feet slightly externally rotate it. Okay. Well, that's pretty good, especially with the counting that those guys take. The basketball players in general take over the course of the season. Absolutely. Absolutely. And usually there are train wreck when they come back. But again, because he's very compliant, that's really is kind of a different situation. So when we get into the next slide, you're going to see his transitional movements or, you know, in his assessment results, which, which again, you know, he's he's just coming off of the season. So this is very, very good. And oftentimes, we see the typical feet turning out into your tilt forward head rounded shoulders, but in this particular client or with this particular client, all during the overhead squat, was that his feet slightly turned out, which again, the same thing we saw on the static posture. So that was no surprise there. And then on his single leg squat results, he had just inward trunk rotation. So he actually had really good control on his balance as well as he didn't have any any knee velgas. Okay. I think I don't have any questions about that. This is looking, this is looking pretty atypical for those of us who may have worked with athletes once or twice. I got nothing. I got nothing either, which is great. That's why we wanted to use to actually. But because he is a professional athlete, we did want to implement some of the dynamic assessments. Now again, there are many, many assessments that we could have done. I could have had him do, you know, shoulder runs. I could have had him do different types of drills out on the track. But he actually has another coach that he works with that works specifically with more of his S.A.Q type type activity. So he they do, he basically has an S.A.Q day with another coach. And so with that in mind, I wanted to use these two specific assessments because as his trainer building strength and mobility with him, I wanted to make sure that I had the data that I needed to best execute any type of program I designed. So with that being said, I had him do the shark skill test. And for those of you guys that don't really know what that is, that's basically when you, you know, put the boxes, you know, there's nine boxes and the client starts in the center box on one foot. And they jump in each foot, they go to each box, always coming back to the middle box as fast as they can. And if his hands come off of its hip, it's a, it's a fault. And if his foot touches a line, it's a fault, which means you add time on top of that once it's completed. And so with that, with those results are knowing that going into it, John on his left side, he actually finished it in 4.3 seconds, which is super fast. But he did have one foot fault on the left side. So his total time would be 4.4 seconds. On the right side, he had 4.8 and he did have one foot fault. So it's 4.9. And again, you're going to see a difference between his left and his right. So, you know, that tells a lot. But then again, John is he is right hand. So I'm guessing that Wendy's going to see his right hand it and potentially because of because it's a control level sport jumping, he may be a left foot jumper, which shows the difference in the scores there. Did I cover that for you? That is correct. I'm sorry, didn't even know I cut out. But yes, that is correct. So again, this is not uncommon. They're not always going to be identical. So, you know, it's nothing alarming as a coach gathering this information. But it is good data to have. After we completed that, we did the Davies assessment. And so basically, that's where you put a piece of tape out 36 inches. And then he has one side or one hand on one side of the tape, another hand on the other side of the tape. And he is in a push-up position. Just as you'll see in the demo here on the bottom right on the on the on the flow chart that we provided. So that is the position that they're in. And then you time them for 15 seconds and see how many times he can touch kind of the outer part of his pinky, I'm keeping good alignment. And again, we're looking at how many touches he has. But we're also noticing this as head fall. Does he have scapular winging? Is his, you know, does there an archen is back or what's happening, you know, or can he maintain proper alignment? And again, John's pretty dialed. So his, his form was fantastic. There was nothing to note besides the fact that he touched 33 times, which again is is is very good. So then with my detective trainer hat on, I noticed that on his single-like squad assessment, he had a little inward rotation. So none of that showed up on on this particular dynamic assessment. It did not. But again, if there is anything that seems, you know, noteworthy, that is definitely the time to do that. Because again, it's more results. It's not just about the time. It's also about the form as well. So, yep. Okay. Again, this is a pretty atypical case for some athletes just in playing a lot of professional ball. So let's go on. Yeah. So so this slide, if you're new to assessments, I wanted to provide, again, I've been using a goaniometer for many, many years. And so I provided you with the data that I really had with this client to show you. But if you've never used a goaniometer, you're not familiar with the goaniometer, then we have the assessment, or I'm sorry, the mobility flow chart next to you. So we can kind of talk through, these are the results I got with the goani. But if you don't know how to use it, you can get the same results, meaning a pass or fail that's going to give you a lot of data. And so the first one, DF is just door seat flexion. So he's laying in a supine position. We put him in door seat flexion and we measured his range of motion. Now ideal is 20. 10 is good for walking, you know, but from 10 to 20 is what you're looking for. As you can see, John has eight on his right and 10 on his left. Again, this is not uncommon for someone that's had multiple ankle sprains or a type of athlete that is jumping a lot. So that information again is just good to have. The next extension again, he was at 35 and on left end right. And again, you know, that is an ideal. So but it's good data to have. Again, it tells me a lot of information about the short head of his bicep fem, what's going on around the knee and as well as the calf complex. Hip abduction, ideal is 45 on right. He had left. He was at 41. So he was pretty good there. Internal hip internal. Again, ideal is 45 and right. He measured 35 and left 37. And then hip external rotation and hip extension as well as shoulder flexion. You're going to see WNL which just means within normal limits. So he did measure ideal or close to ideal for those particular measurements. And so again, if you're not sure how to use the go knee but you want to use some of the new mobility assessments, you can see the comparison of the two. So for example, for doorcy flexion, he could have performed at weight bearing lunch. And you can see did his knee come close to the wall where was he did he pass or quote fail. And so you know, if you're going through the new content, just look at the different assessments on the execution. And it just kind of gives you more information to go along with the dynamic assessments that we performed as well as the transitional information. And then you're going to take all of that information and then design the appropriate program for your client. Okay. And one question with your with your of go knee assessment is which side was he experiencing which side does he experience most of his recurrent ankle springs? Not shockingly not shockingly and it is his right. So and again, it was mainly because he's had more issues more springs on his on his right. But again, he's a left, he's a left jumper. So his, his, his, you know, his foot plants and everything on his jumps on lay up and everything. He is very dynamic and explosive on his left, especially in comparison to his right. Okay, you know, that was that was actually what I was thinking, but you never want to assume in these cases. I'm guessing that is brain says, yeah, we want to stiffen this ankle up a little bit because you don't seem to be able to to stabilize it yourself. So exactly. Well, that may reflect the decrease in the range of motion. Okay. So let's let's talk about what you what you did for. How did you solve the problem? Sure. So like what we've done in the past, we're going to have Marty write some stuff on the board so we can kind of talk through the program. But we will provide you with the, with the, the program that we're going to talk about. You will have access to that to download it through a sim. And so with that being said, you know, if you guys can see Marty, but Marty, we are going to foam roll first, not surprising. But we're going to foam roll his calves, his adductors last, and then on the top why. Sure. So just going back to the assessment for sure. You know, this guy's clean is you're going to give it. That doesn't mean we just kind of even or the process because, you know, you saw that even though he moves well and part of that is all the awesome training when he's put him through, he knows how to move even though he still has some movement dysfunction. So that bilateral foot, external rotation, the go any metric measurement or if you're going to put him through the mobility, we would have seen some issues in that lunch test. And then obviously with the adduction, you know, that inward rotation and then it, you know, a little bit of the latitness, the arms fall forward. So those are things that, you know, she definitely wants to assess or address it and then obviously, you know, she's going to take into account what exercise is she's going to put John through just to make sure he has a little extra range of motion before the workout. Yep. And again, we're holding Tender X for approximately 30 seconds. We can add some of the movement, you know, four to six times for some active movements. But then after that, we are going to take him through static stretching. So static stretching, we're going to stretch his calves, again, slight foot external rotation. We are going to statically stretch his hip flexors in his laps as well. And Marty, I don't know if you have anything to add to that. Yeah. The muscles that tend to be overactive without even, you know, when you just look at anybody, these are muscles that tend to be overactive. And hip flexors are great stretch because, you know, if you don't want to think about Wendy or any of the other anti-Sumstructors, there's going to be a lot of glute activation. So let's get that hip flexor complex to relax. So we know we're going to get a better activation of our glutes as you'll see in the next series of exercises. Yes. And so, next, when you look at the template, we're going to go into activation. So again, we're going to we're using the OBT template, even though instead of just the CES template, we're just designing a phase five program. So under activation, we're going to have John perform a ball bridge. And because he is in athlete and have been working with him for multiple years. And there wasn't anything assessment that told me that I should do so. John does a ball bridge with a 65 pound weight on his hips. And so, you know, again, if this wasn't someone like John or this is a new client, I would just do a ball bridge with no weight. But again, you don't like, don't be afraid to load these athletes or these clients that are ready for that type of load. Following that, we're going to do a cable TKE and Marty Duna talk about that. Sure. So getting that term equation, so you can use a power band or a K with some type of like cuff support. Having that person drive their heel into the ground and get that full terminal knee extension. A lot of people lack that full extension underneath. So it's a great exercise for the little muscles behind the knee as well as you're still going to get some increased door selection at that point time. So it's really important, especially for eye-fine for jumping athletes or running athletes to make sure they have that full terminal knee extension. And you'll be active with the VMO as well. Exactly. And because, again, he had complained that oftentimes, sometimes he'll have anterior knee pain. That was also another another good reason and another important reason for the VMO activation as well. And one of the last that. And one of the last exercises that looks like we have there is a single leg hot to hold in both the frontal and transverse planes. And now that Wendy's back, tell us why you picked, you picked that one for our basketball athlete. Yes, well, we also did the lateral T-box under activation too. I don't know if you heard me before I cut out. But we want to do that for the glute knee activation. And then we did go to single leg hot to hold in the frontal and transverse planes. And again, we're doing that too because think about his sport. We also want to work on we are in a phase five. So again, I wouldn't put him in phase because I know that he was pretty dialed and phases one up to one through. He does have good stability and good archalms. Now we are that, we are going to pop to hold the C if he's called owns it. This is really especially with someone that would have weak angles done multiple frames that he's had in the past. And then to switch it up a little bit and a little bit of a colon kind of something that's different that we don't often see when you're doing something like this is then after he's done his activation imbalance, we're then going to do dynamic stretching. And we're doing dynamic stretching because we're preparing his body for a phase five workout. So again, we have done all quote the CES type work up front. And now we are preparing him for the resistance portion coming next. And so with that being said, we're having John perform a push up with rotation. And he's also going to do a walking lunge with a twist. And Marty, do you want to end up, when he does that? So the reason we like this is for some people, this could be part of their workout. This is that might be all there, a capable of metabolic, but with John, this is just getting his central nervous systems. And also I view it, especially with our athletes or athletic population, doesn't have to be professional. I think you're starting to switch the mindset that, okay, it's time to now get ready to work. This is all the movement preparation, but this almost makes it, quote unquote, game time for that, where they know the intensity is starting to ratchet up. So mentally, it's a great transition, but also physiologically, you're now getting the body to move in sequence with everything, but now you're starting to gradually pick up the intensity for what's coming next. Okay. And before we continue, I have a question here from Kelsey, and thank you for watching, listening with us today, Kelsey, Kelsey wants to know why the lapse for inhibited and lengthen. And Kelsey goes on to say, I'm assuming it's just because of sports-specific demand passing catching rebounding. Marty, are you going to take that? Sure. So one, if you anytime you're doing any jumping in any of the workout, you are getting the lapse moving, so it's great to inhibit them in length and then making sure that you have optimal range of motion. And remember, if our lads are even a little bit restricted, it's going to throw off things in the shoulder as well as in the low back. So it's just one of the things, you know, from a preventative measure. So even if they have near ideal and most men are going to have tight lads, and then if there's any overhead work throughout the workout, we want to make sure that we address those lads. Because the lads are the only muscle that connect the upper and lower body. So it's really important to address, I'm going to say in most workouts. And you know, I'm going to, I'm definitely going to put myself in a category, very rarely do I see men have enough extensibility in their lads to not check that box for most workouts. And think about also, if I may add just a little bit of that, if you think about a jump in any jumping athlete and you use the analogy of a three-stage rocket that that first stage is going to come from that triple that extension of the ankle and the hip extension, the hip extending from that counter movement, that third stage of the rocket is going to be that arm swing. Especially if you're rebounding athlete, getting those arms overhead, snatch and some boards. If your lads are tight, you're going to have to, if your lads are tight and you can't get that full extensibility, getting those arms above the head, your body's going to steal that range of motion from someplace else. You know, maybe possibly the lower back. So that's another reason why we just want to have that area nice and open for any, I guess, in the jumping sport. And I will let you continue with your program, Marty. Yeah. So now, I mean, basically, we've got him warmed up. We feel like he's ready to go, I mean, and again, for some, that maybe just be a workout within himself. But we are focusing on a phase five workout, which means we are going to perform super sets. So with this client, we are going to do a strength based exercise anywhere from one to five repetitions. For this case, we are going to do five for the strength. And then we're going to follow that immediately with the same type of movement pattern utilizing the same prime movers. And in this case for John, he is going to do 10 repetitions as fast as he can right after that before he does any kind of rest. So the first one we're going to focus on is his chest. And so we're going to do a dumbbell chest press. He's going to do five repetitions at a using a hundred pound dumbbells. And that's a hundred pound per arm, by the way. Super heavy. And then it's following it up immediately with a med ball rotational chest pass. Now in our facility, we do have a wall. So it is a cement wall where he can throw the ball and have it come back and you know, and he can, um, explosively throw it and catch it at the same time. However, again, you would have to make adjustments if you did not have something like that. Marty, do you have anything to add to that? No, I just did do go into quickly. Just for any of that might be newer to this phase of training is now that warmed up. We do the heavy exercise first because rarely in life, will you ever activate all the muscle fibers in a movement pattern so that heavy chest press because we're doing that movement pattern at this point wakes up all the muscle fibers or as money and as you can get. So now when you go move explosively, they're now all going to say, oh, I now know what you want me to do. So that way now you're going to get the best power production by working on the heavy force production and then the speed component to it. Okay, and one question follow up for you, uh, Martin, just talk about the rationale of why we use 25 pounds for the medicine ball. Why we didn't go after the big dogs for this for this training? Yeah, sure. Generally, you're used roughly 10% of your body weight. Now if someone's a lead, you can vary up to that just a little bit. But for John, if he's, you know, 205 pounds, let's use 20 pounds, the key thing is at some point when the weights do have it, you're not going to get full explosive movement, there's going to be a deterioration in the speed component. We already hit the heavy component here. So we're looking now for the body to move explosively. So the 10% of your body weight is a safe estimation for most people. Now you're going to have your outliers like John that maybe they go to 15% of their body weight if it's an implement or you're just using simply body weight because you're looking for how fast you can execute, not how heavy of an object could you throw. We're looking for the speed, the miles per hour component to it. And I guess I do have another follow-up. So we're, uh, we have 10 reps scheduled for this program. Rep 7 speed starts to drop off. What do you do as his, uh, as his trainer? When he since you worked with John, you want to, address how you'd handle it before in the past? Well, I'm lucky because I really have never had that issue. However, if I were to have had that issue, I would have tried a lighter weight. I don't, I wouldn't necessarily lighten the strength component if he executed that with perfect form, um, however, then I just know that because again, 25 pounds is more than 10% of his body weight because if I was going into a weight, I should have grabbed right around a 20 pound weight. However, because again, I've been working with John and this truly is one of his programs. I kept it real. So you guys could see what I've done with this guy. And, um, but if he couldn't do 25 pounds, we would drop it to it to a 20 at that point. Um, maybe if we noticed that his form was horrible at 7, we would call it 7 and stop it, but we know for the next set 2 and 3, we definitely need a lighten the load. Okay. Thank you. Yep. So after we've done chess, then we're going to move on to a one arm dmbl row again. He's on a bench. So he's on something stable. He is using a hundred pound weight again and just rowing back and doing five on each arm. And then as soon as he's completed that, again, because it is a client that I know he's using a 25 pound dumbbell. He goes directly into a med boss lamb. Marty, do you have anything to add to that? I mean, I mean, the same concept, the same is the same that we're getting him to move as much weight safely as he can. And then follow that up with that explosive movement. And again, reps will stay the same. And then then, you know, up to 10% for the general population. But again, when you're working with, you know, in a lead athlete or someone who really puts the work in, you can go over that 10%. But that's just a kind of a guy like him. And then next we're going into shoulders. He doesn't overhead press sitting on the bench. Again, five repetitions at 45 pounds, which again is heavy because I think about the core strength and then obviously alignment. And so he does five repetitions of that and immediately grabs a medistim ball and goes into a medistim ball. It's kind of toss and catch. So he tosses it up to himself and catches it as fast as he can for 10 repetitions. Still using again, that 25 pound medistim ball. And then one of the last exercises that we're doing for his legs is a hex bar deadlift. He has loaded at 205, which again is extremely heavy. He's doing five repetitions of that. And then he immediately is going into leg circuits. And for those of you guys that aren't familiar with a leg circuit, it's literally doing four exercises as fast as they can control. Now again, not as fast as they can because form is still an issue. The entire time he has to maintain proper alignment, but he'll do 20 for instance, 20 prisoner squats. Then he immediately goes into 20 alternating lunges and then he does 20 power step ups on a step that he's comfortable with. So for John, we're doing it on 10 inches, like a 10 inch step. And then as soon as he's done with that, he does 10 it took jumps. And so he does all of that. As again, as fast as he can, he does not rest in between that leg circuit. And because his ultimate goal is endurance and then maintaining, because again, we're trying to make sure that he can handle the minutes that he's put into a game. And that's super, super important. So with that being said, one of the things that I do right after he gets done with the leg circuit. If I was a nice trainer, I would give him rest. However, I'm a trainer that knows this client well has worked with him for a really long time. I put him on the tech, we have a techno-jimps treadmill. And with that particular treadmill, I'm already can go into more detail about it. I do a sled push with him. And so I load him, he's at 150 pounds and he pushes it for 125 yards. And so for John, our ultimate goal, I know he can get doing it like at 17 seconds, but our goal is under 17. 17 was his starting point last season. And then we ended up getting him to 14 before he left. So our ultimate goal again is to make sure he can start at 17 and that allows me to see where he's at. The start of this season. And then therefore again, try to get him under 14 if that's even possible. Because I mean, that is a lot of weight for a long, long distance. And Marty, I don't know if you want to talk more about that. But yeah, basically when these really not nice guys, yeah, okay, that's what I wanted to clarify with the audience. She told me that, I say, wait a minute, did you do 125 pounds for 15 yards? And so again, I was like, I had a pause and I was like, wait, go through that one more time. So I tend to measure wattage, but either way, you're getting great results. Because the seconds or wattage, they're going to be part and parcel together. If you're moving more explosively and you're shrinking your time, your wattage has to go up. But when Wendy told me that I said, he next time check his wattage and John was writing around what, the 1400 watts. When it's crazy. Yeah, and it's not even like the 1400 watts, it's he's doing that for 125 yards. Think about a regular football field. That's from the back one in zone, passed the back of the next end zone because the end zones are only 10 yards. So it's over an entire, complete football field. So why don't you just not nice? Yeah. Well, it hurts me just looking at it. And you heard it here first in ASM audience, Wendy is not nice if you want to train with her. You really have to want it at this point. Exactly. Again, he's come back around season number three. So he keeps wanting more and yeah, I don't want to continue on. That's appropriate for him because of all the things Wendy's doing his homework, et cetera. I'm just saying this guy's a beast because most people wouldn't have the mental wherewithal to be able to do that. So clearly the body's capable so that is not out of the realm for him, but I'm just going to be out of the realm for a lot of people. But it's a pro. I cannot do that. Oh, it's said. If someone can control it and do it, then it's appropriate. So that's that's beast mode right there. Yeah. So and so keep in mind to we since she I'm sorry my dogs are barking in the back and we. So I think yeah, she's go back again. This back. I think I'm back. So there is a there's an updated program that we are. So we do have an updated program that you can take a look at and you can see see how we can easily we've CES is a targeted warm up into a phase five program and just to and just for context. Remember, this is a professional athlete. He gets paid. He has trainers, skill coaches. Probably has a rehabilitation staff, but you can take a look at this program and use it as a template so that you can see how to integrate CES into some of your phase five training. And I'll let you complete your actual thought Wendy. Well, now I'm going to tell you that there's a there was an error on this program and so we sent any SM a different one. So on the sled push it will actually be 125 yards at 150 pounds. So that was that. So we will make sure that this get the updated one if you really do want to copy of this one. But then as soon as we're done into your point, I mean now again, John does I do some manual therapy work with him on the front end as well on the back end just to make sure that he you know that he's good to go to do this type of workout. Now again, because I see him three times a week, we usually do our power day on Friday. So on Monday, he comes in. We do a phase two workout again with the CES kind of activation and programming on the front end. On Wednesdays, we usually do a phase one. Just stabilization, making sure everything is ready to go. So on Friday, when we unleash the beast here, he's ready to go. Everything is activated the way that it's supposed to when he comes in. But we also know that we really focused a lot on the stabilization and making sure too that we're not over training him because we wouldn't want to do this workout three to five times a week. That's over training. He would be exhausted. He would break down and it just doesn't seem. There's no purpose for that with him. And again, he does have a skills coach that he goes and sees once or twice a week. He plays pickup games and he also, like I said, works with an S.A.Q. specific coach just to work on different types of alignment and movement patterns on the field. Can I ask you yet that? Thank you for wrapping up his program and talking a little bit about how you unjulate that during the week. But I wanted to ask both of you a question about the role that we play as trainers. Now, as I see it or as I learned it, athletes have two special development phases, which is general preparedness. Things that we would do within this template here with what you're doing did very well. It was beautiful in the O.P.T model. Although I have to say even though you switch the variables on his sled push, it's still not nice. Anyway, but we have this general preparedness. And then we also have specific preparedness where I throw in all of the the so-called sports specific, S.A.Q. exercises and some of the skill exercises that they have to experience related to the sport. Where can we serve our clients our client's best interests? I think specifically with John, now keep in mind, I just said that he has an S.A.Q. and then I also said that he also has a skills coach that means they're working on his 3.5 hips, his different types of shots around the court as well as making sure that he's when he's on offense, what he's got to do and then defense, what he's got to do. And those are the actual coaches that works specifically with his sport. So because he's doing that multiple hours again with other trainers, it's not going to serve me any good to do the same thing with him because again, that's going to lead to repetitivement that's going to lead to injury. My goal is to make sure that he is a machine ideally lined up and that he can execute and maximize the performance and power output that I'm trying to get him to do in his programming because that will transfer what's going to happen on the court. I mean, I'm not his skills coach. I should not be worried about having him go up and do different types of movement with his arms and his shots and stuff like that. Because again, that's really not going to help him. What's going to help him is if he can move the right way and I can make him faster and he can change directions and doing stuff because his muscles are firing the way that they're meant to fire. So for me, I don't take into consideration if he's I mean, I do take into consideration because it makes sense with what I'm doing on a programming side. But if a lot of people think that if they're like a baseball pitcher that the more stuff that they work on with mechanics and they're throwing arm, that's actually going to help them when an all-reality that could harm them because they already have a certain pitch count and then you're doing the same type of motion that could lead to injury long term. And Marty, I don't know if you want to add to that. I grew up in that functional training. We could define it but they could see it. They're like, well, that's functional training. How do you do that? Well, just do crazy stuff that mimics things. We've come a long way from that because, you know, to Wendy's point, I worked in professional baseball. We had a lot of players who were one-side dominant. And if you look at the size of a bat, you know, 32 ounces is the minimum up to 34, 35 ounces and they're taking hundreds upon hundreds of swings a day. Do I really need to know grab a cable, have them do it downward chop or should I maybe undo that pattern and maybe have them lift in the opposite direction to get them back to neutral. And maybe that's functional training. I just think that when functional training came out, it was let's mimic a movement that they do in their sport and load it. There might be a point in any phase of training for that but it's not as much as I think that people used to do, you know, 15, 20 years ago when that term kind of came to the forefront. Functional training could be an anterior tip exercise for somebody. If you need to increase the activation of the anterior tip, it's functional to do resisted door selection. I don't, you know, I think for a long time people wouldn't have counted that as functional training. So, to Wendy's point, our job is to get the body to move normally, ideally, and have all the different phases of training in their back pocket. So, they are stable, they have strength endurance and they're powerful in all planes of motion with ideal or close to ideal motion in all their joints and get muscles to move together and create solid, sound movement patterns. And then leave the specifics to their coach. Doesn't mean there's not a point in time throughout the year you might do some of that but that's usually during the off season before they get back into the heavy competition. Once there are heavy competition, you might have to really decrease a lot of and I can tell you for my baseball players that were playing a lot, I had to almost not do a lot of power because that's what they were doing all day in practice and in the cages. I had to spend more time on the stabilization than I did during the off season. I would increase their power because they weren't participating in the sport. Yeah, thank you for that explanation for both of them. And the biggest point is that I think you both of you said the same thing. We're not here to mimic their sport. Now if you, if you have an athlete for example who doesn't have a specific coach, you can do some general S.A.Q. exercises for sure to get them moving fast, get them changing directions and that sort of thing. But we want to leave the skill, we want to leave the skill up to the experts and kind of know the domains that we can actually give the athletes a lot of benefit which is the CDX which is training through all the phases of the OTT model. Just having them just creating a very solid base for them so that they can go into any environment and perform. So do we have any, so we're back to the, we're now down to the cooldown and when do you talked about how you do some soft tissue work with him on the end of the program. So let's talk about his cooldown now. Yeah, so I actually do the soft tissue work sometimes before we actually get started. So I do it on the front end and at the, at the very, at the bottom end or at the end of his workout, he'll go through and he'll either foam roll on his own if we're running out of time or if I have time I'll actually use like the hypervolta or some type of vibration, you know therapy to try to to, to calm certain muscles down that we obviously use throughout the workout. Now keep in mind, John also has some of this equipment on his own and he does a lot of this stuff at home as well. But we would have him foam roll his calves, his adductors and his lats again, just same thing we did in the beginning. You can think about all the jumping that he did so why the calves would need it. Again, the adductors just to make sure we got good alignment and the hip and then of course with that internal or inward rotation we saw on the single leg. It would be beneficial and again, as Marty explained why we would do the lats, we would do lats again. And then we would have him statically stretch the calves, hip lectures and lats. So again, exactly what he did in the very beginning. We were just thinking about some of the muscles that he used throughout the workout where he could kind of get the you know the most bang for his buck if he will. Could he have done other ones absolutely? But again, these are just for a programming state, you know, for programming purposes, you can see that it would be good to foam roll and stretch these particular muscles. Okay, I think this is this is a pretty straightforward program. Do you have any other any other tips for anyone out there listening who is working with athletes? Do you have any any tips on how to use this model to make it work for their situation? I think for me, I mean, again, I've had John for a really long time. And so I know his body and I know him very well and we stay in communication. I think the key thing is communication. Because again, if I didn't have a lot of the data sent to me over the over the time that he was training or while he because even in season, I'm following up with them. I'm asking if he's doing his programs because we send a lot of corrective exercise and stabilization type workouts that he does on the road. Because when he goes in, it works with his, you know, a camp or he's doing stuff with the team. They may be doing a lot of power and explosive exercises. But we want to make sure that he maintains proper alignment and he understands the importance of that. Now, the first season when we first when I first got him as a client, his overhead squat. So we're going to have to waste. This was a cliffhanger here. So you have to wait. Okay. So his overhead squat and yeah, his overhead squat and his, his dynamic assessment results. They were not as clean as they were what we just saw. Again, this is after working with me for three seasons in maintaining communication. So the first time I worked with him for the first four weeks, we spent a lot of time and phase one, a lot of time. And we had three months to get him prepared for before he left for camp. And so, so don't just rush into thinking that they need to do a phase five because they're a professional athlete. And we built a very, very, very strong foundation and, you know, worked on everything before we started to load him into strength and then into power. Because again, he's worth a lot of money. So we want to make sure that we don't break him down because we're hoping to get him at a higher level in a phase of training, which did not, would not maximize him long term. Thank you. And for, and this next question is for both of you, but you brought up a great point, Wendy. These athletes are worth a lot of money. Someone's paid. I'm sure taking out insurance policies, invested a lot of money over the season, and probably the way their team performs depends on these athletes performance. How do you, so my question is, is how do you work or do you work with their, with the team staff? Do you share recommendations, let them know of what you're doing? How does that work? This is for both of you. I can go first. I mean, for instance, even with this guy, yes. So I can share, I take goonyometric assessments every single time he comes in because again, I keep track of everything. So therefore, if his strength and conditioning coach wants to see, you know, see, stuff, or, you know, as PT's, or any of the medical staff needs to see anything, I have that document as well as every single workout we've done is documented. And I mean, I have literally at the beginning of seasons had people call me because they're running faster, they're moving better, and they want to know what I did with them. And, you know, again, I have the science in the background to understand of why I'm doing certain programs in the way that I'm doing it. And it actually, you know, they, they find it, a lot of people, they find very interesting because they, you know, they're still learning about the NASM concepts in the OVT model because some, some people don't have that background, they just have their CSCS, or they have other types of forms of training that are awesome as well. It's just different. And so I think, you know, obviously staying in communication, I'm very open with my programming because I'm very confident and what I'm doing and why I'm doing it. And I think that is actually key. Okay. And Marty, how have you worked with, with team staff in your role as a personal trainer? Sure. It's, I was more working for a team, so I can give you the opposite side is, you know, I was very open and I always wanted to make that team approach because, you know, I was responsible for primarily during the season. And then I had to have a good relationship with everybody during the off season. So everything when he said is absolutely spot on. I'll just give a different side of it because you're going to run to some people who don't want to share, or may not understand your philosophies, or may have a different disagreement, just always think about your athlete and make sure that you're, you know, professional polite, don't be surprised if there's not some pushback on occasion. If you have a different philosophy, just understand what your role is and, you know, try not to create an uncomfortable situation for your client because I've been in that situation where I had other people that really didn't want to share and were very protective because this is how they fed their family was with this athlete. So just understand that it's complex, you know, I'm sure some of you have maybe even had, you know, some client who lives in two different areas in trainer to trainer, they may not be open in forthcoming. So when you start to throw in the complexity of professional sports, don't be surprised if you hit a couple of roadblocks, just do everything when you said documented, explain what you're doing, be very open. And then now you know you're being ethical in all ways, but I can just give the other side of it that sometimes you're going to run into some roadblocks, it just comes with a territory when you work with elite athletes. Okay, thank you, thank you for that. It's definitely a community effort when you're thinking, when you're working with clients with multiple practitioners. So we are up against the end of the hour. So while we're waiting and I hope that those of you who are still with us listening have some questions to ask for, uh, when to Wendy and Marty, but while we're waiting for those, Wendy, to your big takeaway for today's webinar. I think my big takeaway is basically what we've been discussing the entire time. You know, again, make sure before you were to, you are to perform this type of workout or have a client or an athlete perform this at their ready. Because if there are any doubts or there's a lot of compensations, this is, um, this is and we don't want to, you know, you never want to sacrifice your form for a number. You never want to put them in an exercise. Yeah, you never want to sacrifice form for numbers or for the, the persona that the professional athlete carries and, uh, and you can finish that thought, Wendy, I tried to be you didn't work. And that was perfect. No, I mean, again, just think, just think about the CS, um, as, as a, a really truly very individualized warm-up that's going to prepare a client for whatever phase of training they're in. Don't, don't just think that it is just to see us that this is only at for beginning, um, clientele's because this can really, really help maximize any level of training and the OBT model. All right. Thank you. And, uh, how do we get in touch? Um, as you can see on screen, email me at Wendy.bats at anasm.org or my Instagram is Wendy.bats13. And people out there listening to Wendy take this information seriously, do not ask her for training session as you were a hundred-sitted. Talk from the template could happen. So thank you, for your contribution. Thanks to John for allowing the view his training. And, Marty, what's your big takeaway from the phase webinar? Like I've always saying, let the, let the model work all the end there, just learn it, follow it, and, you know, stick to it as we have written out and you'll get tremendous results. And dealing with an athletic population where people that are in great shape that doesn't mean that they're really ready for this type of workout yet with those work to rest ratios with those sets, with those reps with that volume. So make sure that they progress to it and they earn the right to get to it and then you'll get tremendous results. Don't skip anything. Because that's where you get in trouble once you start getting into this. If you skip to your progressions, if you skip to your warm-up, try that's where the, you know, bad things. But you, we want you to go through the entire continuum and you get the best results. And then contact me there. Marty. Miller at NSM Oregon, then Instagram is Miller. Morty 72. All right, thank you, Marty. And just at the close of the hour, we got a question from Kelly. And this can be for both of you. This is regarding use using the Goaniometer. And Kelly wants to know, do you think it's something to consider down the line with experience rather than from the, hold on? Do you think this is something to consider down the line with experience rather than from the, the offset or maybe the outset of your training life? So if I compare a phrase, if I compare a phrase, can we still get, can we still get valuable information from those mobility assessments or maybe wants to know that we can we wait a little while before we use the Goaniometer? Yeah, I mean, I can jump in. So I mean, that's why we've added in the mobility. So you can never do Goaniometer and still get great results. Just like anything else, we always ask you to continue to add to your toolbox. So get out there, take a course, or study how to use the Goaniometer practice it. And then just like Wendy, there'll be times where she uses it, but times I use it, and times where you may not have access to it, and the mobility assessments will still be a perfect screening tool for you. Okay, thank you very much for that explanation, Marty, and Kelly, I hope that that answers your question. And we are at the end. So thank you Wendy, and thank you, Marty. It is always informational. I always get a leave with some really good insights. And thank you Greg for keeping this show together. And thank you for everyone who spent time with us this afternoon. And we will see you next time.

=== FILE: Program Design Phase 1 Training [vVzvDvldifY].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NASM Live. My name is Prentice and I am here again with Wendy Bats and Marty Miller and our producer in the background Greg who I so rudely forgot the last time so I apologize for that and today we are going to you learned about the science of what goes into the OBT model. Now we're going to teach you the art of how to build a program using that science and we're going to start off today with a level one phase one stable as an endurance trend so I will let these two capable experts take it away when the tell us what we're trying to accomplish during the stabilization level. Yes I mean Prentice exactly what you said I mean based you know Marty and I have gone through the last few weeks and talked truly about the science behind the program or the OBT model why you know we do certain certain people through different phases why some of the phases are optional and then how do you know what phase is best for an individual based on the assessment results so we wanted to do another webinar and actually go through some of the different phases on how would you design a program based on you know what you receive from your assessments and so that's why we're here today. So if we go to the next slide I want to actually use a real-life client of mine. I know I spoke with or about him and previous previous webinars and I changed the name of course but and if they did you know some of these subjective information you want to get. For example you want to know their name and their age and then of course they're occupation so in this case that we're going to talk about Alex is a dentist. Some of his history is that he's played soccer in high school and he did that for the first two years of college and he stopped playing sports unfortunately due to sustaining an ACL injury that did require surgery you know and he hasn't really exercise since college and he wanted to get back into the gym he does play recreational sports or wants to get back into playing recreational sports. I'm currently he has no no issues with his knees but he does complain of lower back pain and neck pain and this is basically because as a dentist you want to think about some of the positions that this individual has to be and stay in for multiple hours throughout his day. He does not take any medication he has a clean bill of health. He did get a physical about three months ago so that's how we know that and you know we did talk about obviously the medication component like was he taking any supplements is there anything that I need to know about and of course that came back as a negative and then his current goals I mean he wants to lose 25 pounds and again when you're getting this information from your client you want to see is there a specific time frame that they want to to lose this amount of weight because again if he said he wanted to lose 25 pounds in a month you know that would be something that I wouldn't deemed realistic so luckily he said he just wants to lose 25 pounds and he wants to do it the safest and easiest way which could be over time which was fantastic but he does have that nagging pain that he wants to get rid of and he would like to join a soccer league within the next six months. So again you know the more information you can get up front by just speaking with your client that's how you start to also build your rapport which I think is super super important. So then you know Marty I don't know before we move on I mean is there anything you want to add on the subjective information side? No I think it just you're really trying to use that first session to build rapport and really find out why they came in you know sometimes you'll as you ask questions you'll find out that maybe it is the weight loss maybe it's not the weight loss just always asking those open-ended questions and being a fabulous listener and eventually you'll start to really hear what's important to them and then the wise they're there and then we use that to hold them accountable to their workouts and their training regimen because we now have the information on why they came in and what their goals are so in this current situation you know if Alex is not doing his homework that we might assign him or not coming in we can talk about that 25 pounds we can talk about that nagging pain in a positive way to just show him that hey we know we understand why you came in let's hold you accountable and get you to those goals. Now Wendy the and all of us are at some point have been health care professionals so that red flag went off in my to my a chiropractor alter ego so can you talk about the the quality character of your of your client's pain and why you said yeah we can this is something that that we can still work with in a in a training session. Well exactly I mean you know again that's why this information is so important because he said it's nagging and he often has this pain but it does go away so it's not something that you know he's he's constantly you know having to deal with it's just you know when he has a really long day at work or he's saying multiple multiple clients or even had a surgery that he might have had to go into he's in you know compromise positions because you have to think about you know when you're a dentist how you've got to move your head around and your body in different positions to get into someone's mouth the right way to do whatever it is that he's doing that particular day with that particular patient. All right awesome so let's continue let's talk about his assessment now we ready for assessment by the way Wendy. Absolutely I mean you know again we we have we've gotten the information when we're just talking to him again you know digging in the family history digging in you know because again you also want to kind of continue to talk about are you sure there's no you know other you know surgeries that you had because it never fails or like oh yeah when I was six I broke my ankle you know so again you want to try to keep digging a little bit but when you feel like you've got a good foundation a good starting point subjectively just by talking and interacting with your client then you can move into what we call more of the objective assessments which is now where we're getting the the details based on movement and the assessment results so therefore this is what we've turned as measurable results that every four to six weeks we want to go back and re you know redo these assessments to to make sure that he is moving along nicely before we we up his phase of training so for example this when this client did his overhead squat again make sure you always remove your shoes you know or have the client remove their shoes because again we don't want the shoes to be a factor and that seems to be when you look even online of how do you perform an overhead squat there's multiple pictures and multiple videos where the client is performing this particular squat with their shoes on and you definitely don't want to do that because some people wear our thoughtix and some people you know have shoes that have a heel on it you know like the Nike airs for example sometimes it puts you in a planner flex position so so you want to take it out the shoes off so therefore it's not a factor and you can truly see what's happening at the foot and ankle complex so once you have the shoes off you're going to put them in the five kinetic chain checkpoints so again toes are pointed forward the knees are in line with the second third toe hips are a neutral shoulders are back and head is back and so you may have to demo exactly what what you or how you want them to line up because if you just tell someone to point their feet forward they may point them forward even though they're slightly externally rotated so so again line them up correctly and then what I would tell you and strongly suggest is you want to demo the squat as well because some people don't understand the squat pattern or they they say that they know how to squat and they but but again you're not telling them what to do you're just going to say okay now for example try to do this and you can demo it and when you're talking about how deep to go just just kind of give them a visual of thinking just like you're going to sit in a chair so it's not you know trying to get you know but to the floor it's literally just go down in a comfortable position always keeping it pain free fully stand up and then I'm going to have you continue to do that for reps until I tell you to stop so so again if someone's more active you may want them to do more than five reps per view what I personally do is I stand in front of the client so on the anterior view I have them begin the squats I mark you know what I see on the the anterior side and then I personally keep them squatting if they're capable of doing that and they don't need a break I just walk to the side and look at them from a lateral view and then again you can peek around on the posterior view to see if there's an asymmetrical shift or their feet or really pronating you know you get a good view of it there and then I revisit the anterior side again just to see now that they they're kind of getting tired was there something else that I might have seen once I came back around that I didn't notice the first time so with this particular individual his overhead squat results he had bilateral foot external rotation so both feet turned out his left knee only cave then he did have an anterior pelvic tilt or slight arch in the low back and an excessive forward lean so he was leaning forward and then his his arms fell forward and again thinking about what he does with his job this does not seem unrealistic to me and this was kind of if you think think about like again his positioning these are pretty common compensation you would see with someone that does that type of or has that type of profession so so so basically you know again that was his results that I got from the overhead squat so you know because his left knee only cave then he did have slight external foot rotation I did feel comfortable because again he did play sports he seemed somewhat active and I wanted to kind of dig a little bit deeper so I felt it was safe for Alex to go ahead then to perform a single leg squat and so I put him again into the five kinetic chain checkpoints with his shoes off we put both hands on the hips and then from there I had him do five single leg squats again going to a depth that he was comfortable but again you know for the client to think about you know chair chair level and when we did that both left and right he had foot turning out and both knees at this time caving in so the big key here is if you see the results from the overhead squat it was only his left knee but now that we did the single leg squat it was both so because there were some mixed results there I'm actually going to use the results from the single leg squat assessment instead of the overhead squat assessment because that's more probably realistic and it does you know taken to consideration you know the base of support as well as how he does from one side to the other okay that is that's a great overview of what you did with this assessment can I throw you a curve ball? Absolutely so when we're when we're talking about assessments and you've done everything as you've outlined it here when Alex is ready to get back onto the field in place for it. Do you ever check him out do you have an additional the additional assessment in your toolbox to test him with his shoes on because sometimes you know shoes to quote to quote our fictional character Mars Blackman everyone who's been watching the last dance knows who that is you know when everything else is working and you're constantly coming in hurt it's got to be the shoes so do you ever take a look at that and see see they're moving around in their shoes to see if that drives any of those impairments. I do and that's that's actually a great point I mean when I'm doing the single leg and in the overhead squat assessments I do remove the shoes because again I want to see what's happening truly at the foot ankle however if I was going to do some more dynamic type assessments such as like the depth jump or even this the shark skill tests or if I was going to you know you know even if they were doing the Davies I know it's more upper body but they could have shoes on for those. I definitely perform perform those those assessments with shoes on and you know another big thing is even if they weren't ready for dynamic assessments you can look at their shoes especially if they've been wearing them over a certain amount of time to see the wear pattern because you can see you know is the inside of the soul worn out or is it the outside is it you know what's happening you know towards the toes and everything because it will really kind of give you some more insight on their gate and and then how they they actually walk and you know when they're in their shoes so it's a lot of really valuable information but but yes okay and I have nothing else so we're ready to see what you did what you did to train this gentleman so let's go to the template and go through the program. Well I said it's showing the template what Martin and I thought we would do is if we go back to the slide that on I mean just so you can kind of see one last time the assessment results we're going to actually show you how to build a workout utilizing this information and we're going to kind of talk you through how we came up with some of the exercise selections that we thought would benefit Alex especially the first time that he was going to begin a program with us I'm going to go ahead and and have have you have your board show up. Perfect. Okay excellent. Okay so so it's like this needs possible. Hi so Marty why don't you walk through. I'm sorry when they're lost in walk through. So yeah why don't you why don't we start with the warm up. Go through the the assessment we said that we're going to utilize the single leg squat results and we saw we noted bilateral foot external rotation and bilateral kneecaving in. So let's start up there at the warm up part of the template and let's identify what you're going to do what you're going to do self-myofash rolling on and then static stretching. Yep so it looks like Wendy is back as well I think you can hear us now want me right. I can I can and before Marty you get started and what apprentice just said I mean when we say that we're taking the the single leg squat results we are not forgetting about his anterior pelvic tilt his excessive forward lean as well as the bilateral arms falling forward. So we're just taking the results for the lower body and replacing it with the bilateral foot and the left knee on the waving end. So Marty take us through as some are what you think we should why do we do it and what do you think would be beneficial for Alex? Okay so so while we're getting Marty back we're going to think about a self-myofash rolling and again you want to think of timing because your client usually only have 60 minutes to perform you know from the time they walk into the door to the sleep so we want to be very cognitive of timing and so when you're thinking about self-myofash rolling what we're trying to do is inhibit those muscles that we have found based on the overhead results to be overactive and so that being said we because he did have foot external rotation. Struck of his calves are going to be overactive and so because it was on both sides then that would be you know an area that we would want to focus on for sure. Again this is knees both knees caved in we want to think about what causes the knees to cave in so in this all right you're about to do it again when we think about the jumping out as I was about to be able to get out of the gastroint in the knee hanging and one of the main causes that pulled in for what would be the act or complex so because of it being on both knees then we would do bilateral adjuncts of rolling or sorry roll that the act occurs bilateral and then the last one would be you know thinking about what really connects the upper body to the lower body would be the lats and so so then we want to think you know we don't want to just only pinpoint the lower body but because of where the lats insert both in the lower back is in the front of the arm it can actually cause an anterior pelvic tilt if it's overactive and the arms to fall forward which in this case with all i had both so that would be a really beneficial area to to roll as well. So when the okay jump which what uh as the marries did you assign bilateral calves? Yeah. Lateral gastrochlor more specifically and then the adductor complex as well as the lats. Perfect. Thank you. Okay so again you know when you're you're you're you're foam rolling you want to hold the tender areas for approximately 30 seconds or until you feel that the pain is reduced and you know again due to time we're just going to do approximately three because you know again that would be them doing sick because we're doing among both sides so you want to think on a timing standpoint this could go ahead and already take anywhere for three to four minutes of just rolling alone. So once the client has rolled we want to go back and now think about the proper stretches. Some already do you want to talk about which stretches um would be beneficial for one and why? Yeah absolutely so we're going to do static strategies when you're saying so in static strategy it's very easy to know what to move into that next bucket of static strategy. If you foam rolled it you should be lengthening it you identified it as overactive so both again the calf complex adductor complex and lats biolaterally because that's what you identified as the muscles you need to inhibit so we'll just drop those right back down into static and that will be the techniques that we use to get Alex ready for the next section of the workout. I know the one you could really am considering as well would be the hip flexors again as a dentist you want to think about him being in a seated position for multiple hours of the day. So tomorrow he's point you know again think about what's in the best interest after you foam roll if you go into to statically stretching muscles that would be very beneficial but if there are others that you feel that they you know you could foam roll some in static stretch so they don't always have to be the same. However you do get better results oftentimes if you do if you do what you inhibit it if you go right into stretching those as well. Okay and is there one hip flexor that you would stress over another on this case or would you would you target all of the all of the muscles in that complex. I'm thinking specifically of looking at the compensations of the knees caving in in addition to the pelvic tilt would you choose the TFL over the rectus for example. Yes I mean like I personally like the kneeling hip flexor one and because the reason being is if if I put them in a 90 90 so where they're in you know they're on one knee and they have them go and and bend the back foot up so their toe is touching the ground they're going to get a really good stretch in their quad. And then the second thing is is you when they go into a posterior pelvic tilt and they draw in and then squeeze the glute on the side of let's say that their left knee is down if they squeeze the left glute then what they're doing too is what that posterior pelvic tilt and the squeeze they're also going to really get a lot of the so as and there as well. And if you think about what the so as does it it actually connects to all the lumbar spine which we know obviously with an anterior tilt would be in a shortened position. So so that's my preference Marty I don't have anything to add or if you choose something different but no I would go by the assessment and the more you you know go through your functional ad and you'll learn these little nuances that when you're talking about you know we do show some advanced techniques in our corrective exercise how to identify you know with a modified Thomas test which one is really showing to be overactive but you know when he described it perfectly so you know he's going to be an acidic position a lot all day so definitely as long as we're addressing something in the hip flexors you know you're moving in the right direction as you get better with your techniques you might be able to find you know another assessment or two that can really differentiate if one or two of the three hip flexors really need to be targeted. Perfect. All right so once we've gone through I mean that is you know basically what we're trying to do again is to inhibit and lengthen the muscles that we found to be overactive based on on the compensations that we see so now we want to kind of flip over to the other side you know and what I mean by that is you want to think about what needs to be activated and so if you look at the OBT template under activation we have core and balance and so for Alex we want to think okay what would be again this is his first session so we don't have to make it too fancy we really want to start to activate muscles that we found to be overactive and number one is his glutes because again the anterior pelvic tilt that's a big red flag and then you can also see too when you think about some of the other things that were noted he's in a seated position all day and so we know that those those poor glutes need to be walking up a little bit so Marty what do you think would be a good activation exercise for his glutes? I love starting out with some type of bridging technique you know there's a lot of different ways to do it depends on the person's ability and what you're finding is you give them so I'll start simple you know so I I always have them do some type of glute bridge and I see can they control neutral spine can they activate their glutes and not get that cramping in their hamstring or low back and then from there as they do a couple reps I can see well this is easy form I know my progressions but I'll always start with some level of a glute bridge. Perfect I agree with that so so again in this case we could just do something simple like a floor glute bridge and again when we think about core and phase one we want little to no joint motion of the spine because again we're trying to really target and try to target those little muscles that protect the spine also what we've term inner retables stability that's actually what we're focusing on in this in this area so you know again the glutes would be a primary exercise that would be very beneficial for this client and then another one that I you know that I like you know and to try to also kind of get him out of just moving in the sagittal plane another one that that I think would be great would be something like a side plank and again instead of holding 30 to 60 seconds try to do them more as reps because oftentimes people don't know how to really draw in squeeze a glutes and maintain proper alignment for a long long period of time and then they're really using more shoulder and like foot trying to keep themselves in a in a position that quote looks good even though they're really not activating the correct muscles so coming up holding that for anywhere from three to five seconds dropping down and then repeating you know and if you think about it you could do anywhere from you know 12 12 each side even you know you could do 10 each side so you kind of need to find out what is best for the client and and truly look at their form so you never want to compromise their form for a number so you want to think often what would be great for that individual. Absolutely. Okay so now that we've activated some some muscles that we have found to be underactive then we want to think about going into balance and again you know we we have notice that his foot goes out his knees cave in and we really want to try to strengthen the muscles underneath the arch of his foot and then really work on proper alignment of the newfound length if you will so again we we phone rolls in in lengthened areas we've activated other areas and now we want to retrain the brain on how to maintain proper alignment of the joints and so for you know for this particular client what we could do is just something as simple as a single leg balance and if they if they are really really good with that then you could throw in frontal plane as well as sadgital plane reaches so if you if you notice that you know when they're going into the frontal plane that they start caving in or they can't maintain or they don't have any stability there because you need to work on that you could just do sadgital only you could do a mix of both or again because it's his first session you could just do a single leg balance and see how they do for time but if you're going to add the reaches I would suggest anywhere for about eight eight repetitions per leg per side and then oh yeah go ahead Wendy can you highlight why you're just why you're just balancing why there's no movement while when we're doing a phase one balance exercise sure and you know again you want to think that what is the purpose of phase one and again we're just training muscles to start working together quote nicely if you well and so we want little to know join or little to know motion of the stance leg and again just to reiterate what we've said before in previous webinars we don't want you know you don't want any in a motion of that and and on on the stance leg because we don't we don't worry about actually doing something like a single leg squat until we get to the resistance portion so here it's really just little to no joint motion of the stance leg we're really trying to maintain proper joint alignment and then can they maintain proper positioning within the five-connected chain checkpoints on one leg and maintain proper balance throughout okay great so what's we've done that then we usually go into some sort of play-o and again you know play-o is optional for clients in phase one and the reason being is if we notice that you know the clients they just came out of rehab they've never you know they've never really moved at a high and I say high speed doing some kind of like plyometric exercise the knee mat they may not feel comfortable on fate you know the first day of phase one doing a play-o so again you want to learn a little bit about your client this particular client is very active and wants to become active again and you know he would be a good candidate to go ahead and try to see how does he do and something as simple as a squat jump with a stabilization hold because again in plyo in phase one we're focusing on the landing mechanics and so what we've talked about you know in in previous webinars again is thinking about where you should land on the reactive portion of the foot and so just to reiterate where that is it's behind the ball of the foot but in front of the arch so if you were to bend your shoe again where that really small area is in the bend if you're shoe that's where you want that that client to learn how to land and if you notice that the feet go out or the knees move in then that's the time in the 3 to 5 second hold to re-align yourself into proper positioning and then you have them repeat it and then re-align themselves and repeat it and re-align themselves but if for some reason the client does not focus comfortable leaving the ground or you personally just want to work on the technique then you can actually have them get into a squat position like they're going to jump and they fully come up into triple extension meaning their feet do not leave the ground but they're up on their tiptoes and then you have them own the landing on the way down and so so again you're holding that 3 to 5 seconds even without leaving the ground all together okay thanks and I have one question about about the jump and you explained to us very perfectly about how one should land but what about the set up position when I when I get out into gyms give you a little context sometimes I see people when jumping they're very quad dominant not not loaded to take advantage of their their glutes at all so their glutes are kind of their rear ends are kind of pointing straight down instead of slightly back so can you talk a little bit more about that set up that may actually jump mechanics in it except the landing you already covered the landing but talk a little bit more about those jump mechanics yeah Martin you want to take this I feel like I'm just still in the show so I'm not worried so really what you're describing is where people are kind of knee dominant where their knees go forward yes so we think about this in a live workshop during this conversation I have everyone stand up ask them okay stand up tighten up your quad keep your legs as straight as possible and jump to the ceiling and they can't move and I'm like well I actually go up where do you want to go and they're like why I want to go down first so that's why we have to get more into that triple flexion position because as we go down we're stretching the glutes and the quads and they work together to propel so since I'm here and I can draw such amazing stick figures I'll erase this here in a second but what we're looking for is that perfect squat pattern to where there's that little bit of a lean forward not an excessive forward lean forward but it matches the forward shift in the lower leg with tibia fibia and now you've put primarily the glute in the stretch you can use that energy now to propel yourself into triple extension so that's why we go from triple flexion to triple extension and then as you land you want to land just like when you set on the ball you're right behind the ball your foot but you also want to land in this position because now the muscles are absorbed in the energy not the joints so you have to make sure people don't land with their legs locked and then drop into this position they need the land already in that triple flexion position and then they lower themselves down a few degrees and then they would propel those cells back up all right outstanding so now let's talk about how they're going to get let's talk about resistance training what did you pick and why did you pick it yes so just to reiterate the warm-up itself was the foam rolling the stretching and then I say the extended warm-up is the core balance reactive because we should have prepared the body now for the resistance portion of this particular phase so once they've done anywhere from two to three sets of the exercises prior they would do all core balance and reactive and then they would repeat core balance and reactive or you can do all core all balance all all reactive or or apply out depending on how you want to turn it but once they've completed that then when we go into the resistance exercises we want to think about what's ideal for phase one so again you want to think about your rep range our rep ranges are anywhere from 12 to 20 repetitions our tempo is very slow so we're actually focusing on the eccentric so decelerating so our our tempo count or our cadence would be anywhere from a four to right around a four to one and again you're just counting down these to give yourself kind of an idea on tempo because you don't always want to be like down for two you know four three two one hold one two you know so don't so don't count that out loud maybe the first time so the client starts to understand you know how fast you want them to move but then once you kind of said a really good tempo then you continuously work with them to slow things down or speed them up our rest for this particular ambit individual is zero and the reason we did zero was because we want him to minimize his rest because we want him to burn more calories and he is you know pretty active and so again because he came in with a background of activity and he wants to start to get himself ready for an a soccer league in six months we want to start kind of building that you know that kind of movement throughout so we are going to do what we're calling a vertical load so he will do one exercise then go to another then another then another and then repeat so the first exercise Marti and I chose that we thought would be beneficial for this client was a cable squat to row and Marti do you want to tell him why we chose that? Absolutely so almost exactly you know with the image I just drew is that triple flexion triple extension when you have the weight out in front of you it's an easy way for someone to learn how to squat properly clean them up now we want to help them learn how to squat properly so it helps let them sit back a little because the weights out in front of them and helps force the core to be activated and then it helps get them into that extension with retraction position or ideal posture at the top so when you and I use this that's a go to for us all the time have to be able to do a squat to row and then and then again after we do that we want to think about still challenging their course still working on you know something that would be beneficial and in somewhat unstable to this individual based on his overhead squat we actually chose to do a floor pushup and Marti you want to tell him why we did that sure so to me the pushup is nothing more than a moving plank so we're going to talk about clients choice here in a minute but you know males especially there want to do some of those chest we're going to have gone through all of the proper warmup and you know techniques to get them ready for that but now I'm sneaking in a lot more core stabilization because they're not going to be doing this pushup unless they can keep their body in that perfectly position plank and that pushup is just a transition low plank to a high plank so it's phenomenal to you know to give them what they think they want but really sneak in a lot more of that core integration and with this being you know a dentist as well I mean think about how he's got a forward head throughout the day because of his positioning so it really does help when you're having to teach him how to retract his chin and squeezing his glutes the entire time and making sure that his heels don't touch and that's something that a lot of times we forget when we're looking at the five-connected chain checkpoints or so involved in what's happening at the upper body be sure to check to make sure the heels don't touch because in order to get really good glutes squeeze a lot of times people will put their feet together and they're actually activating more of their the posterior fibers of their ad dr magnus versus their glutes which which is primarily what we want them to activate which is you know again is the glutes and drawing in so after they've done their pushup then another exercise that morning I really liked is something as simple as a single leg cobra and I say simple it's not necessarily simple for the client but there's a distinct difference between simple and easy I just want to be aware of that so Marty when it's on why we chose that yeah so especially I will after I do some type of pushing I want to get back into a polling or attraction based exercise so that even gets into how we sequence these but they're cobra of one single leg again is going to get that all those little muscles in the foot and ankle and you know the whole so we're sneaking in more that a lot of glute activation and now they're going to even again have to activate their core a lot but the simple motion of shoulder retraction depression is going to be very important for Alex because he's going to be in that position of that forward head elevated shoulders the complete opposite of a cobra all day long when he's working on his patient so this is so important for him all of us need it but especially for what he's doing for a living so that's why we put it in there and right after the pushup as well so we get back into getting our neutral position. Okay so when you're performing when you're performing this the single leg cobra and all of your other single leg exercises what's what's your preference or what do you recommend for the trainers do you recommend switching the stance leg halfway through the set or maintaining the stance leg for the duration of one set what do you do? I can answer because I was about a second sorry Wendy is it depends on how the client can control it so if they can't control it I might have them do you know that tiptoe in the back leg because it's still that's been both feet on the ground I would like them to do the one full set on the leg because I want that time under tension generally if I have three sets what all there's I might split the third set or I might put them on the leg that may need more work because I'm not afraid to work one side of the body more necessarily if that's what they're showing me so I do try to get them the complete set on one leg if possible unless they're performing techniques not good that's an assessment showing me any to progress to maybe a tiptoe type of stance. Okay great Wendy what do you since I think we lost Marty's camera so tell us about your preferences of how you manage single leg exercises. Well that's exactly that's exactly what what I do as well so I usually perform and in this case we were talking about doing 12 repetitions I would do all 12 repetitions first set and then again I would switch legs on the second set and then to Marty's point if I decided to do a third one I would look at the overhead squat and I would either do a split or if I did notice that he struggled more sometimes working on for instance you know he had a leg left knee cave in on two legs I may go back to just the left leg and work that alone as well so it kind of depends but again we're working we're looking at what can he you know how can he hold his five-can-it-change checkpoints and as long as is there's nothing compromised then we can kind of play it by ear and and do it you can do it anyway you want. Okay thank you and then one of the last exercises and again we say last because think about timing and this is the first time so we have decided that we were going to do two sets of everything and two sets of 12 at a 4-2-1 tempo you want to think about the time it takes to go through transitions teaching and everything so the last exercise we wanted to do was it was again more of a combo to get more exercises in but we both liked this step up to scapcion. I'm already do you want to tell him why we liked that? Yeah so a step up is the next logical progression from a two-legged exercise like a squat it's a transition before we get to lunches so that step up again we can control the depth from two inches four inches six inches it's what they can control we're not going to go over 90 degrees but now we're starting to teach them that triple flexion to triple extension on one leg so more time of attention and then the scapion to get is the safest position for the shoulders to be in we know the last or tight so we're not going to want to do an overhead press yet at this point so scapcion's great to activate the rotator cuff adds it a little complexity to the step up so there's a little more balance and coordination and obviously the weight that their holdings adds a little more work on the leg as well. And then again you know we would vertical load that so as soon as we got done with the step up description we would repeat and go right back into the cable squat to row and then Marty do you want to kind of take us home on the cooldown? Yes so the cooldown in this in all phase of training is going to be the same as our warm-up in this phase which is the SMR and static generally speaking so we would go right back through look at you know what muscles tend to be overactive in general what muscles did we attack we did a whole body so we'd have to look at that and then what muscles did we really need to adjust for Alex in the warm-up so at this point I recommend completing the exact same thing we did the warm-up the calf complex the addoctor complex the lats if you wanted to throw the TFL in there because that's one hip flexor that you can get with the foam roller you could do that and then same thing with the static stretching I would hit this exact same muscles that we foam roll calf complex addoctor complex the lats and hip flexors and so if you want to look at a filled out template besides Marty's board too we can go ahead and you know we can provide you with that and you can be creative but again you want to think about the purpose of it but if we went to I'd you can see the the final this is something that you're welcome to to print okay so we have this nice new space down there that nice nice new block in our clip called clients choice what do we want to do what do in that section it's right in the title but what would you have your what would you have your client to do in this space for example clients choices you can always ask them is there a certain area that you really like to to work and you know again it depends on the client you know some some females want to do more abs and some some males want to do the guns and and so at this point you know you kind of find out like in the subjective part of your assessment you know hey is there exercises that you really enjoy and then maybe at point you can add them in here so so for example with Alex Alex really likes to work his buys and tries so we could do a set of biceps and then the second set we could do a set of triceps or we could do two and two depending on our timing but it really is the client's choice is just that they want to do something that is not they're not ready for and it's not safe then just say okay that's great and we can move that on to to future workouts but right now is there anything else that you that you you know that you want to work on so you have to really be strategic on how you ask and make sure to that you let them know that you're not going to forget to do it in the future if it's something that they're not ready for right now and then to add what I do is I give them the choice put in the back of my mind I'm still going to dictate what happens meaning that if in if I'm there in phase one they want to do bicep triceps okay let's do single like bicep curls slower time under tension you're going to do your reps on your right leg the first set left leg the second set they got their biceps in but they're still following the phase and then if they want to triceps they might do a stability ball skull crusher so that way they have to have that time under tension keeping neutral spine keeping their you know glutes activated instead of just putting them on a bench or tricep rope so I'll still get creative but giving them the choice so that way I still know that my temple a temple is going to be followed okay outstanding now I'm looking at the template that you all have filled out and there's to me there's a lot this is a pretty this is a pretty tough session but we have trained in maybe the past few years and a little bit now where there's this perception of needing to be beat down in the training someone would look at this as you've written it down and say well that doesn't that doesn't look hard enough for me how do you and this is for both of you will start with you Wendy how do you as as a coach how do you manage something like that well again I don't think anyone should judge it till they do it and what I may buy that is you know you can look at any of any workout that you see in the textbook or anything that you see online but if you really do the time under tension as Marty said and you follow the acute variables this is very very challenging and this is something that you could do for our professional athlete that came in if they had some assessment results like you saw with Alex because their body were were really targeting areas and muscles that are are underactive and we know that they are based on the assessment results so just because it may look easy it's really really challenging for someone especially when you try to think about doing planks for reps or a 421 count push-up or truly doing a step up you know step up to caption and it could be a step up to balance description so it probably should have balance in there but it's it's very challenging when you're slowing everything down and trying to get the right muscles higher. I like to pause money in the back you don't follow on your first deposit you have to wait for the dividends to training is very much similar to that so Marty what are your thoughts how do you how do you talk man or maybe even wants to this not being as easy as a neighbor from paper. I think to everybody said so then just to add to that is you know you didn't hire me to destroy you you hired me to do a specific approach to it. I completely understand where maybe in the past you had different workouts or outcomes but that's why you're working with me now because I have the the best science behind with experience and a path to get you where you want to be. We're not trying to you know make it harder we're trying to make it you know systematic and obtainable and the research shows us over training is but this again with that time under tension there's a lot of volume there let's just give it a world and watch what happens in a couple of weeks and and everywhere everyone's like I feel so much better and I'm getting great results. Okay we have a question from Sergio and thank you for listening today viewing today Sergio and he wants to know how long this so we don't have to do some math now I apologize but how long would you say this workout is? This can get done in an hour and without that. Okay and if we needed to change it to 45 minutes after the first session you know we might have only done one set because it's safe that they're we're learning how to communicate to this individual they're learning how we teach and what certain terms mean so we could have spent a little more time only done one set explaining that that hey next time you know the process and you have 45 minutes or so this can be assigned to them before you guys just start the other and then this part can easily be 45 minutes yeah and I think that's that's a good point 45 minutes to an hour is it's about how long I remember Arnold saying in an interview many years ago unless you unless you have access to a pharmacy 45 minutes to an hour is plenty of time to to get very decent training session in and this one just appears to be designed right within that right within that time limit yep so does anyone else out there listening to this have questions about why they picked a why windy and mardie picked the warm up they did why they chose the resistance exercises the rationale behind building this this template at all please we want to leave today with all of your questions answered and as we're waiting for these questions to come in windy what are you take away from today and I know for a fact that you wrote you've actually documented how they can contact you after webinar but can you tell us anyway certainly and me and again the big takeaway is to look at the assessments be you know be very specific in the information that you gather to make sure that the assessments that you do make sense to you know what the clients goals are and their outcomes but then also the level of where they're starting I think you know with the exercises that we chose we are following the phase one you know kind of quote protocol to build the specific adaptation that we're looking for so we're working on stabilization endurance and you know have fun with your exercise selections try it in different planes of motion but this is just a simple one that and I say simple the exercises are challenging but it's just an easy exercise template to follow and then you can kind of plug and play your own exercises that that seem safe for your client as well and then you can see my contact information I forgot to put my Instagram on there but my Instagram sorry is a windy bat or windy dot bat 13 is my Instagram and then windy bats or windy dot bats at nsm.org okay and Marty what are your takeaways don't don't we're complicated let the time and retention the you know the work to rest ratio do the work for you or your client and when you look at the you know an addition when you're using these muscles for the first time because you've corrected some imbalances and you're moving properly that adds a whole mother layer of intensity as well because you're teaching muscle to fire that aren't used to contributing during exercise more than likely if they especially the exercise and they weren't moving well so everything is there to make it intense enough appropriately for that phase of training so don't overcomplicate it keep it simple follow the acute variables follow the form of technique and we'll take care of itself for you and then my humans are right there so Marty dot Miller at nsm and Miller dot Marty 7 2 for Instagram okay and that is a wrap today I want to thank everyone who who's a webinar today I hope that you learned something I hope that this demystifies program design a little bit I want to thank Wendy and Marty and Greg there in the background thanks everybody for for hopping on and joining us today and have a great afternoon thanks everybody

=== FILE: Program Design Phase 2 of the OPT Model [0wutmdWV_v8].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and live. My name is Prentice and I am here again with Wendy Bats and Marty Miller. How are you all doing today? Excellent. Thank you. And we have the man behind the scenes keeping everything together. Grig these behind the scenes. Not quite behind the Iron Mask, but he is a he waves hello to everyone and he's going to keep it together. He will answer all of your questions this afternoon or he will send us your questions to answer this afternoon. So let's get started. Today we are going to talk about program design in phase two. Our clients have come to us as a lump of clay and we are starting to slowly sculpt it to get to what's underneath, realizing their flexibility, their stability, strength and eventually power. So tell us what's going on when the in phase two what do we want to accomplish and tell us about our client today? Absolutely. Well, you know, last week we spent some time talking about the program design in phase one. So when a client came in, you know, what was the best approach on collecting the information and then doing the assessments that we saw fit based on their goals. So today, Marty and I wanted to go over a program design using phase two with the superset and this program, we will be performing exercises back to back in the resistance portion. So we're going to go over again some subjective information and then provide you with the assessment results and based on what we gathered how we came up with the program and that we will share this program with you. So you guys will be able to follow along with us as we talk about why we chose what we chose and then at that point either throughout the presentation or after the presentation, if you would like to print it, you guys have the chance to do so. Okay, so let's keep, let's cue this up a little bit and just tell us briefly and I know we've covered this and this information is in the book but why did we do the superset now and why do we choose the exercises that we do when what are we trying to accomplish with the acute variables? I gave you a lot there but I'm pretty sure that you got it. Sure, so in phase two we're working on strength endurance. So basically in the warm-up there's going to be a change we are still going to foam roll we are going to go from static stretching to active stretching again because maybe there are not areas that need to have the 30 second hold in order to get the proper length back into certain tissues. Now we're going to do more reciprocal inhibitions so we're going to relax muscles and then activate the opposing muscle to try to get better range of motion through the joint and then we'll go into our pre-warm-up. So again we are going to be doing core balance and plyo but again with a different approach to that and as we go through each section we can talk about what the differences are and then when we get to the resistance part when you're talking about a superset now what we're trying to do is not only focus on the stabilizers or the the small muscles that protect the joint but now we're going to really focus on building more strength in the prime mover. So that's what we do and then when we call it a superset again under the NASM definition we are talking about doing something that is stable with one particular muscle and then going into something unstable with that same muscle group. Okay, okay great so yeah that's that's an important information to get because there's different ways that just out in the fitness community with the way supersets are represented so we want to have everyone understand what we're trying to accomplish with with how we call supersets. So let's go ahead let's learn about if we go to the next slide we can learn about and talk about yeah let's talk about Greg. So our client's name is Greg Beth he's 35 years old and his occupation is the computer self-aware analyst so just knowing his occupation you know that he is sitting for majority at you know majority of the time in front of a computer so automatically think about some postural some typical overactive muscles that we may see with someone that has to do this type of work on a daily basis. What's sitting down with him we wanted to know some histories so with this particular client he's never played sports in high school or in college or anything outside of just playing with his with his twin voice and so he wants to you know he enjoys being active playing kids running around you know the typical things that you do as a parent and the past he has had low back pain and right shoulder pain but it has been consistent with a program for four weeks now so he he did go through a phase one four week program we did reevaluate this client and so because of that we have seen some changes in his assessment but he does not take any medication and once again when you look at his park you it should nothing to report that would give us any concerns that he is not ready to perform this type of program and his current goals are to lose 20 pounds again you know when you're asking a client about how much weight to lose you do want to try to see if there's a particular time frame with this particular individual he just says he wants to lose 20 pounds and he wants to again do it the safest and in best way possible so he did not you specify a certain time but he wants to continue to improve his fitness level and stay active with his kids so with this information you know Marty and I thought that you know based on what we're going to show you next with his assessment results that he would be be good for a phase two so let's go to the next slide and show you what we found so there we go for for this particular individual again you know there are a multitude of assessments that we could have done with Greg in the past and in the first four weeks when we had him the two that we chose to do were the overhead squat in the single leg squat so we wanted to reevaluate where he was could we start adding on other ones absolutely but you know we we got a good amount of information from just these two particular assessments alone so when he did his overhead squat again we had him remove his shoes we put him into the five-connected chain check points and then from that point we had him squat and what we noticed is he had very slight external foot rotation and his arms still did fall forward and then based on that information again we felt it was safe so we had him do the single leg squat and the only thing that we noticed was that he had a right side only inward trunk rotation and for those the view guys that are unfamiliar with that we actually put a picture of that on the slide and it's just basically as as this client went down into his squat he slightly rotated toward the leg that that was on the ground so as you can see he's rotating towards his right foot okay so now when you so let's let's paint that picture a little more when you say that he has slight foot external rotation and I'm I'm looking more into can you just elaborate a little more on had that was there an improvement was there an improvement in in that observation between his previous assessment to now what what happened there yeah so when he started and came you know came in the very first time we did his assessment his feet turned out I mean he was the typical it was very very noticeable I mean even in his static posture there was no I mean there was no denying that this this individual had extremely overactive lateral gas trucks and shorthead of the bicep film and so now when he did it we have been working with him again for four weeks he's very compliant so he does do things at home as well we went over at specific things for him to fomeral on his own so he's you know very compliant and then again we were seeing this individual anywhere from two to three times a week so that's how frequently he was coming in to see a trainer or seeing us and so when he did it this time they still I mean ideally when you're looking at someone again we're looking at the knee and the second third toe and do they stay in line and this time when he went and did his overhead squat there was just slight external rotation meaning that his feet when he would go out a lot of times kind of shift out but when he came up they almost straightened back out meaning straightened back into the forward position so he kind of and a lot of it too as as clients come in and they know what you're looking for because you have constantly been saying straight in your feet look at your feet you know correct your feet they start to realize what you're looking for so oftentimes if they feel that they're going to go out they will straighten it back up when they come up and that's just because they're brain and you kind of being in their head for so long that's that's kind of how it worked out for this particular client but we know that it's still there again it's not as extreme as it was we have seen a ton of progress over four weeks and so that's why we say slight because even as Marty and I have both talked and said over the last few weeks even if it's a little bit you want to note it because as they get tired it could become more of an issue yeah of course and of following up on how we categorize slight and I get this question quite often and I'm sorry I'm going to do this early just get it out of my system this is a curve ball and this is for both of you do we have let me see if I can ask this properly it you can decline to answer if it's not asking appropriately but we have a reference a reference a point of reference in which we can classify slight moderate severe when we're looking at these compensations in the overhead squad assessment so how would you like how would you categorize this slight as opposed to moderate and I know you know but can we help the people listening understand what that means was sure I mean for me I mean again anything that kind of deviates from the second third to so for me if it's slight it's anywhere slightly from the big toe maybe a little bit past the big toe again you know everyone to their own because again any deviations should be noted obviously if it's their turned way out that would be more severe moderate would be well they kind of I mean they go out they stay out and then for me if there's any kind of movement and there's I mean again it's better safe than sorry and it's other stuff we can continuously be working on and this particular individual again wasn't noted in the in the subject of information but he does where dress shoes when he goes into the office so I know that he is in a high heel if you will pretty much majority of the day Monday through Friday anyway okay okay yeah thanks for that thanks for that explanation because that always comes up well how do we classify what makes it what makes it slight what makes it severe what moves it up or down the the priority when we get into the program design a little bit later and a big thing is as you want to you want to notice too where did he start and where is he at at this point and if you're seeing I mean we saw a ton of progress just in four weeks and ideally four to six weeks is when you would reassess so if we didn't if we waited maybe even another week or two we may not see any however I wanted to note it because it was there okay sure and in practice the one thing and when he did such a great job covered the only thing I would add in my this is my own way I do it is you'll I can watch at what depth the compensation starts so let's say early on in their squat their foot started out what compensation is even if I'm start starting to see it and it's getting less but if they're now loading themselves more and having better control and deeper versions of the squat to meet at still progress okay you could judge you know how much more stress is on the muscular system as they run into the squat so those are another little ways to add on to see if people are improving and that's exactly what I was trying to get at and you all did it you both did it master masterfully we just there there are some things there are little nuances that you're going to to look for to be able to to track progress to have that and so that influences your programming in a certain way so thank you for that explanation and I will let you both continue. Which sure so now that we've gathered the assessment results again we could maybe start doing more dynamic or assessments and stuff with him at this point however again we want him to just start to go through maybe phase two and then later on maybe add in different assessments if we want to move him up the OBT model like if he wants to continue training to get to like a phase five however at this point we feel like we got some some great valuable information now again people are you know may say but there are still some compensations why would you put him in phase two why wouldn't you keep him in phase one and again this is really up to the trainer however because we have seen such progress from in just four weeks and we are still going to be working on stabilization in phase two Martin I both felt that this individual was a good candidate to start him in phase two even though there were some slight compensations noted okay and just again to to be clear and I know that we've all talked about this before and I've actually spoken about this with one of the members on our advisory board Matt Jordan but we the cousin patterns that we find ourselves in during the day during the day and with our our sports etc we're never a hundred percent never a hundred percent compensation free compensation free and I think that's one thing that sometimes sometimes it's difficult to to understand but we want to get as close to as close to ideal as possible what are your thoughts about that? I'll jump in so you know the other thing too is when we're looking at the strength and endurance you know when we start to add the strength and program you'll see that the exercise is that when the nitpicked are very targeted so that's still going to help correct the sort of movement this functions that he may have and so again we don't want people to stay in corrective and stay with us training forever it's just you know with my sports medicine background how I always thought was if somebody was within 90 percent of ideal we did very very well it doesn't have to be at a hundred percent of ideal but we want about 90 percent of ideal so I think those factors really help us then you know we we're not adding in here that we could do a very specific target of corrective exercise program as part of the warm up and then moving to the face do we're just going to do this as a phase to program so that was kind of you know the thought process behind it and you can see from the assessments and now that we move into the program how we try to accomplish that and another over-hand money no no go ahead I didn't see on camera so I just want to make sure that you should let go of that yeah one thing to add in as well I mean phase two to me is one of the hardest workouts in an individual can do in the model I mean phase five is extremely challenging as well don't get me wrong however because this is a new type of training that many people are unfamiliar with with the super set component that we could undulate it as well so if Greg again he's a two to three or time a week two to three times a week coming into trainer on Mondays we could have him do you know a phase two on Wednesdays we could go into a phase one again to still work even more on just the stabilization and then again on Friday we could do a phase two so so we can still remember revisit phase one just to solely focus on compensations but to Marty's point I mean we're still going to target this program to what we found as well okay okay perfect and that's that's another thing that that I wanted to make sure everyone understood is that you you still have to allow your your clients to to progress and if they're within ten I've even heard people were a little more liberal with that 10 15% of ideal of what ideal is it's okay to progress them just as long as the stuff that you're doing with the warm up and some of the CES content is still targeted and you're still working on motor programming and that aspect as well so if we're are we ready to find out what you how you programmed for for Greg. Sure so so what we decided to start with is we're going to perform the self-mile facial rolling the areas that we're going to target are the calves of course bilaterally by lateral TFL and Lats and Marty if you want to go into detail online yeah I mean we know what he had before we're still seeing that slight foot turning out and then with that TFL you know when we see that for that internal rotation or trunk internal rotation you know you're going to see a little bit of a forward spine with that position and that really tells us that the glutes aren't really ready to accept the full load of his body went on a single leg so that hip flexor complex is still going to be a little bit overactive and then with the foot turning out the TFL is associated with that and then due to his arms falling forward we wanted to hit the lats. Yep and then from there we went right into active stretching again that is active stretching is what we do in phases two three and four so under the the strength kind of block and we chose bilateral calves hip flexors and lats Marty. Yeah so we're going to stick with the same muscles that we targeted in self mouth fashion lease and when we're doing the active you were going to look at you know we did one set with eight reps at a medium tempo and you're going to hold each stretch for one to two seconds so I'll just use the example of a hip flexor I'm going to drive into hip extension by firing my glutes that obviously when I fire the glute has to inhibit the hip flexor the muscle on the opposing side of the body so you can look at it almost as a targeted warm-up or targeted activation of the muscle that you want to fire and but that is still a stretching technique now since when he brought up the other parts that you can undulate there's nothing wrong if you had the time where he could have foam rolled and did his static first then moved into the active we didn't put that into this workout but that would not be wrong especially since we know there's a couple small little compensations we might want to work around so again there's another way you could have built through the continuum but we chose to go right from the foam rolling right into the active for this example yes and then obviously you know after we inhibited and and and activated through active stretching you know now we're going to go into the actual activating of the muscles of the core and balance and so we'll we're talking about phase two you know the difference forward we're a core remember and and there was little to no motion of the spine and that's when we did the bridges and the planks and those types of exercises well now in phase two we're going to add a movement of the spot of flexion and extension of the spine so we're working more of the global muscles and so we chose the bulk crunch and then a ball back extension and because we have worked with Greg we know that you know he's able to kind of move in different planes of motion because we targeted some of different types of exercises in phase one again if you've never worked out with the client before you may want to hold off on the rotation for example in the back extension but wanted to to note that as well okay and now moving so let's talk about that single like squat for a second and all of you are familiar all of you familiar with the the pistol squat and if you if you aren't you can when we're finished with all you can contact me on in the ram and I'll have it as a stupid human now it's actually good exercise I I kid about that that something that I do like when I'm doing a body kind of a phase five routine but why do we not want to do a squat of that nature and why do we opt for the single like squat as it's referenced here please try and I'm already out throw it it was for both of you okay it was for both of you but I will let's and you answered first Marty the question is yours looks like a hit the buzzer first what you're saying yeah you hit the buzzer first Alex tell me pistol like boss for 200 this is what so it is a cool movement that you see on instagram except for is it friends I'm not opposed to it would we we would throw any SN hats on we're going to say okay why do we need to do it if we do it what's going on in the kinetic chain is that appropriate for what we're trying to accomplish so with the people that can do it under slow control you got great mobility of your ankle I'll tell you that much yeah I could not do that just I do not have the mobility my ankle so I'm impressed when people can do it under control but when I see what's going on in the movement pattern is what's going to move them in and out of those positions that's where I start to say okay the why so if I'm solely trying to get our client here stronger on a single leg and getting him in to be able to triple flexion triple extension I'm always going to stick with a single like squat now when you watch someone do the pistol squat there's nobody on the planet that can get you know what to grasp I'm going to say it here without moving out of their five kinetic chain you have to go into a deep posterior rotation of your pelvis at some point it'll be different for everybody but you have optimal hit range motion you're going to have 110 115 degrees of hit flexion at that point your femurs not going to move your posterior going to post your tilt and tuck under it's really cool to like I said to see people be able to control that but when you tuck your pelvis under that radically your glutes are not going to be the prime move anymore and when you come on your ed up your magnet really has to fire and then if you look at if my glutes not involved nearly as much and I'm going to post it or tilt any load that you might be carrying is going to put more stress on the lumbar spine so again you just have to weigh these things in is it cool to watch is it something I've always wanted to do like a muscle up to a accomplishet or am I really improving my human movement system by doing it so those are the two factors I'll you will make your decision on what you think's most appropriate but if I'm trying to teach people how to move properly to eventually get into the power phase or other strength phases where I might load their squat pattern I need them to be able to maintain neutral spine and make sure their glutes are really doing a lot of the work and then I've always said as an athletic trainer in my head it's wrist reward what exercise give me maximum reward with the least amount of biomalcanical risk so again I'm always going to lean towards keeping their spine in that neutral position and to add on to that I mean it's extremely hard I mean to be able to hold your your other leg out I mean it does require a lot of strength in your hip flexors which you know again with with this particular client he is in a seated position even though he didn't have any any compensation he's in a seated position for you know multiple hours so he may not have the strength to really perform that without compensation and the one thing that I can add you know I know a couple of you've heard this you know if you're on the webinar from before and when the imprentice you've heard this a thousand times you mean is I'm okay with people doing sports I didn't mix martial arts not safe biomalcanically it's that's not why I did it I did it because I enjoyed the competition of it and but my job in the fitness in my mind is get myself moving is properly as possible so when I go do crazy or stuff my body can handle the stresses of it so I must allow you know the squad that we're talking about here the pistol squad those are more sport like movements in this like handstands etc so I'm not afraid to build people towards getting better at those but it's not a primary focus of my human movement strategies that's that's my philosophy so I'm speaking for myself on this one but that's kind of how I justify some of these unique movement patterns versus what I'm going to talk about and restore an ideal proper human movement okay thank you both for for that explanation and yeah absolutely boils down to understanding what you're trying to accomplish number one we're trying to develop balance trying to develop balance and proper movement patterns off that single leg risk to reward and then restore know what you're doing and is it acceptable is it going to move the mark for you in your training oh well this you can take this off both both of these uh both of these questions seem like they're for me so uh have a moon and then if I pronounce your name improperly please forgive me and thank you for watching joining us today a moon wants to know want us to explain bilateral what do we mean when we say bilateral and we're going to go back to latin school you know I've never took latin in school but I'm just making that up but we have that one word by and lateral on lateral meaning on a side on a side and we have that by meaning two sides so when we say we're doing an exercise by labyrinth that means we're performing that exercise it's usually when we're doing it with a dumbbell we're doing that exercise on both sides of the body so whether that's and it's a thinnet becomes a differentiator if we're doing a scaphtion for example or let's take the squat pattern we could perform that unilat really we could do the single leg squat or we could do it bilateral or just the squat both feet down on the ground and that kind of works for every exercise and Melissa Melissa wants to know and thank you as well for joining us today Melissa I guess this is for the entire panel what do you think about the pistol squat on a suspension my opinion is that it's okay invited that again under what you're trying to accomplish with the exercise we we never want to be in the position of doing an exercise just for the sake of that exercise we actually want to have rationale behind it if you're if you've owned the strength the the mobility is already talking about to do this movement and you understand the risks and reward to associated with it it's perfectly fine it's perfectly fine to do know how you want to use it make sure that your staying is safe as simple and go for what do you say about it if I was going to say nothing changes from what I said before the only thing is the suspension trainer is a teaching it so if somebody really wants me to get them to do it and they have the right rationale to do it and I've decided that okay this is why we're doing it and they need they're not ready to do it yet without the suspension trainer you know the suspension trainer is a to get them to do it without it but mechanically in the reasons why I would or when do it did not change it's just the suspension trainer now gives me another ability to progress it so that way but by mechanically nothing changed right okay Wendy I'm the same way I mean again I I don't see anything wrong with somebody performing an exercise as long as it's safe so there are some exercises that you know that we see could be very harmful because of just the positioning of different joints but if if Melissa enjoys that type of exercise and she's getting full gluten quad activation she's getting out of it what she needs to there's good mobility in the ankles and the five kinetic change checkpoints she can stay within alignment and it's it's something that that client or herself enjoys then go for it all right and finally for this round of questions Paul Paul wants to know and thank you for joining us today Paul if someone has bad ankles and I think this is a question for you Wendy if someone has bad ankles what replacement would you use for the single leg squat assessment or maybe this was for Marty let's go for it well I mean I think I think again you want to keep it safe and so when you mean bad ankles is it bad ankles because of a lot of ankle springs or something like that or is it bad ankles because they had a plate put in like you know there's there's multiple ways of bad so I mean if Paul there's something more specific you can you can provide than maybe we can give you a better better answer but again if that client cannot do a single leg squat I think it was assessment that you asked about then I wouldn't do it you know then at that point just do the two legs get the information that you need and then and then continue to design a program that's beneficial for that individual okay great thank you for that so let's and I don't want to speculate for you Paul but let's go ahead and do this and this is for both you Marty and Wendy so let's take two cases someone who has that chronic instability chronic spruce and has all of the inhibition and spasm that will come with that or let's take someone now when we say and Paul is clarifying that it's a left inversion let's inversion spring and inversion injury okay so there's that case chronic instability chronic ankle spring inversion springs and then let's take someone where they may have a truly bad bad ankle like rheumatoid arthritis where you eat that does that autoimmune condition affecting all of the joints so let take those cases and talk through a possible assessment for that person well to me I don't think there would be any changes I mean I wouldn't assess them then single leg a if it's the arthritis candidate and it causes pain we definitely don't want to cause pain to your clients and again you can gather a lot of really good information on two feet you know just doing the overhead squats if if you could and you feel comfortable maybe doing go any a metric or some of the new mobility assessments that we really go into detail about in the CES that can actually give you some better idea on range emotion in that particular joint again if somebody is unstable because of ankle springs no matter what type of spring it may be again I may not assess them utilizing the single leg squat however balance training would be extremely important in phase one to really try to work on this stability component of the of the ankle itself the arch alignment and the muscles that protect the joint so so that's my answer Marty I don't know if you have a different thought process no so just to add a little bit to it because you know we're completely agreement is you know I've trained every type of individual so I've had people with total ankle replacements you can just do a single leg balance assessment just you know having by something that's safe that they can touch or they know they put their other foot down and you be surprised when they stand on a single leg all of a sudden their knee starts wobbling well you can now speculate what do you think's gonna happen if they ever had to hinge from that hip and put more pressure on to that joint we do to you know the low category of course you're gonna see more faulty equipment patterns so that's where you can start looking at what you're seeing on two leg which you're seeing with the mobility and then start to put the piece of the puzzle together and then same thing with your ankle inversion hopefully if you're in this webinar as a fitness professional they've gone through a rehab because it's so important to rehab so don't just rest it and let the information away because we could get into the statistics on how quick the gloomy media shuts down the reoccurrences the lack of range of motion so if they want through that process and they're coming into fitness you should be able to hopefully do some type of single leg now if you cannot do a single leg squat assessment on a younger athletic person who had an ankle spring previously that might be a red flag going hey you're not you're not back from this yet so that could be a time to sit to refer them back out because you know so to begin there's a little bit of gray area there but if there's normally a healthy individual but two weeks ago they just bring their ankle and they can't do a single leg squat assessment that might be time for you say you might not be fully back from that yet okay so thank you for those explanations and Paul I hope that cleared up that question for you but let's start let's continue working down to template we're going to do some skill development and resistance training and when details why you why you picked what you did in both of these blocks now again considering that we have already been working with this individual for four weeks and we know that he's super active with his clients I mean I'm sorry with his kids and he's he's out running around with them and catching we know that he's a good candidate you know that's one of the the reasons that we feel very comfortable with doing some type of play and in a repeating fashion now with that bit being said we want to move him out of just the sadgital plane so we you know we could have the client do squat jumps and sadgital and then at the same time maybe do some sadgital some frontal some transverse and again maybe it's you know you know just a few reps per time like when per I'm sorry per plane for the very first set or they could do two or three sets and different planes it's really up to you but we would actually have this individual do frontal plane and transverse plane squat jumps okay one thing that I see that's missing there is the fall prevention post stepping on Lego has kids I think that should be an important skill but go ahead and carry on let's talk about resistance training yes well so again you know what we have you know Marty and I am very often term this is the pre warmup so again they've done you know two sets anywhere from you know 12 reps or eight eight a piece depending on what what they're doing they've done they're warmed up their bodies ready to go we now put them into the actual quote workout which is the resistance portion so just to clarify core balance and plyo and phase two does not have to be supersetted that's just warming the body up for the superset routine that we're going to do under resistance and so with that being said we wanted to start with a total body exercise combo and so we paired up the deadlift to bicep curl to alternating overhead press along which which is done on a stable surface so he's on the floor on two legs and then we are going to have him immediately go into a single leg Romanian deadlift to a single arm scapcion and Marty you want to go into why we chose that yes so again the first exercise is to really attack those type two muscle fiber types get those kind of fatigue so that way when you go into your second exercise and superset you're primarily really working on those endurance that type one so the reason we did the deadlift to curl to alternating overhead presses we love that hip it you know the hip pinch patterns it's great you get some core stability in there because obviously he's maintaining his five Canadian chain checkpoint and then we decided because there's still a little bit of the lat-typeness to go to one arm overhead press alternating because when you put both arms overhead you're going to need full range motion of the lat so this is kind of what we call our work around we can still add in that overhead press but we're not requiring as much mobility due to this that's still something we're working on and then the single leg Romanian deadlift again similar pattern but now we're on one legs and now we're getting more you know the entire leg that's keeping us in balance from the foot all the way through the hip and obviously as I do a single arm scapcion now I have to have more balance through my core where if I had both arms out you can kind of use that in a sense like a teeter daughter so there's more core required met when you're doing the single arm so that's again for those that have been on with us here for a while you know when you like to sneak stuff in and in this program you're going to see that we provided rep ranges I mean when you're designing your own personal program you want to pick a an actual rep and then that's your target rep so we wanted to provide you guys with the actual anywhere from eight to twelve um to in order to to really focus on the strength endurance however when you're designing your program choose anywhere from eight to twelve and then after we did the total body we went right into working the chest so for this particular individual we are having him do a floor pushup again you're going to look at his tempo um so when he's doing his tempo he's at a two zero two so two seconds down and two seconds up and there are continuously maintaining the proper alignment but that's the that's the tempo that for that exercise and then he immediately is going to go into a ball chest press okay that's good and just a word about the ball chest press want to just give a disclaimer or warning for everyone out there just make sure that your client has the the the the wreck the requisite control to stay on a ball and press at the same time if you have if you have these tools available there other things available like the the bozu or even the leave that's the terracore terracores another thing that provides similar uh similar instability challenges for you that you could use and it may be it could be a good regression to doing a chest press off of a stability ball. Yes and a great point and then again you know we know that he's ready for this stuff you know because he's gone through four weeks and phase one so we've done a lot of ball things but great great point and then we're gonna go right into the back and so again a one arm dumbbell row again we're still following the two zero to two two tempo and he's immediately going to go into a single leg two arm dumbbell row as well and um Marty I don't know I mean I mean obviously we're targeting the back I don't know if there's anything you want to throw it up. No we just like the single leg two arm row because again we can save a little bit of time you know we'll do the one leg the first set the second leg another set and then the third set if you're doing the if you went into the third set you can decide which leg needs more work or you can go half the reps on each but you know to try to again you know be efficient with their time but it's a tremendous amount of core work because again we're always gonna be focusing on that spine and that hip positioning the chin tuck position just like on this stability ball chest press he thinks he's doing a chest press exercise and we're getting a ton of core work in because everything has to be in those five kinetic chain and then the the last um grouping that we did was a frontal plane lunge again he did sagittal plane single leg squat touchdown or a single leg squat excuse me under balance and obviously then went into working a lot and focusing a lot on the the deadlift so again in the sagittal plane so I wanted to take him out of sagittal movement to the frontal plane so he did a frontal plane lunge and then immediately followed that up with the side step up to balance and Marty I don't know if you want to add anything to that because working with him for we wanted to get something in the frontal plane not to keep everything sagittal so that frontal plane lunge is great you know make sure he has good control and then go right back to similar pattern but instead of a lunge we just went back in the regression one and went to a step up because again in that way it's a little bit lower not quite as much triple flexion triple extension but similar movement patterns but now we can really have to slow it down and really go into that slow control longer tempo and and Princess is just Marty and I actually had a really we had a fun time designing this program for this client and we actually spent a lot of time talking about the rest because in the textbook it says you know go from strength right into stabilization and then rest 60 seconds and Marty and I both have the same philosophy and mindset however you know based on time and based on this particular client Marty I don't know if you want to talk about our conversation but I thought it was I mean I enjoyed it so you know how we put the whole program together or now just when we talk about the rest you know the zero to 60 or so we we look at it you know interesting thing now with our COVID situation this might be where we would maybe shift off this vertical load because in a vertical load you're looking you're going from one thing to another to another kind of moving around the entire gym in the past you know that was kind of finding acceptable people may not want to do that nowadays and now we've always taught two ways to do it but this was the conversation when and I were having earlier so if we went more of a horizontal load where we're doing just you know the total body to total body rest 60 seconds total body total body rest 60 seconds total body total body and then we're done moving on to the chest or whatever it's it's they're both strength endurance programs it's just if you had a categorized and my focus really on the strength endurance of a muscle group or movement pattern or do I want to do strength endurance where I'm bringing it some total body conditioning so again this is something you have to wait if you're really focused if let's say they're a marathon runner you're like this person does not need to elevate their heart rate so I'm going to focus really on maybe what their weakness is which is really hitting these body parts one at a time absolutely go horizontal not a problem at all but if you want to sneak in some total body conditioning and more color expenditure and keep your heart rate up you might go more the vertical route so they're both very very applicable it just depends on what you want to accomplish but I have a feeling temporarily going out of this coming out of the COVID going back in the gyms I might purposely do horizontal for a little bit and just keep people okay we're going to be on this bench with our dumbbells and our stability ball we're going to do all three sets we're going to clean it up why you know you go drink a water and then we're going to go to the next body part so they're both phenomenal workouts it just depends on what you're trying to accomplish and now what's the environment that you're training in yeah yeah absolutely there's always multiple ways to to finish a program and yeah that's a good example there's when you're working with the marathon runner probably their challenges and I'm sure all of us have worked with marathon runners before it isn't there it isn't their cardiovascular fitness so we may we may want to we may want to help them in strength and building more local strength endurance to help them bring that back into their their running technique and so on and then there are people who just don't have time for additional cardio or hate cardio like the present company unless it's involved in unless there's some jujitsu martial arts involved so this may be a way to help get those extra days of cardio by doing the program vertically so more than one ways to handle that it just depends on the person like Marty's saying it depends on the person who's in front of you and your environment so now let's go ahead Wendy now I was going to say and then when you look at the the template I mean obviously you'll still see clients choice um for this particular client you know we're very lucky because he's like whatever you want me to do that's my choice like he doesn't have something specific however if you look at this workout it is a very very challenging workout that is pretty much targeted every muscle in his body so we didn't seem that you know it didn't seem that we needed to add something in however if somebody wants to just poke target the triceps or target you know maybe even the mediocre calf because we noticed that his feet were still slightly turned out we could add those exercises in this part it's just we left it as optional because again with this client and trying to keep it within 60 minutes we felt that that he was this program was good as is. Yeah perfect and I would I would just say the break we're heading into Memorial Day weekend that optional should be tricep press downs and curls you have to priorities my friend priority well he did and he did a bicep curl with the deadlift in the total body so just be that in mind as well can never do enough you can never do enough of that but Camoon has now asked this for both of you whoever shines in first how moon wants to know what about the renegade row would that be a phase one or a phase two exercise that's an it depends question for me it depends on it depends on your athlete and what they're able to do and then for those of you who don't know what a renegade row is it's getting into a push-up position on arms extended plank on two dumbbells or kettlebells and doing a row while holding a plank position doing a dumbbell kettlebell roll or holding a perfect plank position some people do a push-up in between each rep but what do you say about his phase one or phase two question I personally use this more of a stabilization it's an advanced stabilization exercise for sure so you need to make sure or you know when I've done it with my clients they need to make sure that they they pretty much quote own a a very good plank as well as a 41 count push-up so as long as they have both of those pretty dialed then I absolutely add that in and again when they're in phase two if they've gone through four to six weeks with me in phase one I know that they're ready for that so I could have him do a one-arm row and then go into a renegade row as a stabilization choice okay and Marty what do you when the of course but to add you know some of the different thought is if I really need the e-centric on the back portion the exercise I'm not going to use a renegade row because the odds of someone be able to do a four to two one tempo with the holding that high push-up on one arm so another way I might use it outside of a Wendy said would be maybe as a dynamic warm-up as we're going into proper power phase giving some light dumbbells because it's again it's so hard not impossible so hard to control a four-second e-centric on a renegade row so if they can do it that's phenomenal but just another way to think about it is you could let them go it a little bit more of with the tempo you tend to see if you're not training with someone like Wendy who's really going to be spot on with it and then use it kind of like in a dynamic warm-up okay so two very good options two very good thought processes for you how moon to use that renegade row in your in your training programs so now we're ready for Greg to cool down and his cool down should look familiar yeah so we did have him foam roll obviously the calves TFL lats which is exactly what he did in the warm-up and then you'll notice that we went from an active stretch which is to prepare his body and before he got started which again is using more reciprocal inhibition so now we're trying to get the you know proper resting length back into the tissues that were used and so we had him statically stretch his calves, his hip flexors and his lats okay now regarding the cool down in the order in the order of modalities here does it matter if you foam roll first or static stretch does the order when you're in the cool down phase of the workout Wendy? Well to me I obviously want to try to get the lean straight foam roll because again I'm just trying to kind of flush out the muscles kind of you know basically just try to get the better chance of a better stretch so I would say foam roll first and then statically stretch last. Okay okay so we are really that's a great program and well let's has Greg gone through this already. He has actually so this is a workout that he has completed and yes it can be done within an hour. Yes okay so then my next question is in my final question about this is when you did your when you reassessed what did he look like? Reassessed after him after completing phase two. He looked like he was drenched first of all and so so you know how he came in he was dry and ready to go he left exhausted but he you know again you know we're going to foam roll again he foam rolls I actually do his stretching techniques at the end as well but I didn't put him through an overhead squat assessment or reassessed his actual alignment but you know as long as the client feels that they got a really good workout you know that they're leaving walking straight and you know not walking out with some major compensations like that's that's a good workout. Okay okay perfect so now we're at the end of the hour and we can actually go to that next slide just the mark and anyone has questions now time to ask this before ask your questions before when the and Marty go away for Memorial Day weekend so and while we're waiting for other questions to come in Marty what's your what are your takeaways from today's session. Just like I can pretty much say every week let the model do the work for you just really hone in on how you program accordingly like for example is that Renegade wrote a lot of different ways you can use it you can use it as Wendy said you could use it as I said so it did just like really trying to fully understand why the model is put together this way it does the work for you you just have to do the assessments properly make sure you follow the solutions table through the different phases pick the right exercises we gave you some different examples of the wise and then it will start falling to place beautifully before you and then you know get creative with it is always a science is still applied. Okay thank you for that and we'll get to the get to your information on the final slide but Wendy what's your what are your big takeaways from today? Well I think you know Marty did a great kind of recap of everything I think that the big thing is don't don't pigeonhole and exercise you know think about what what makes you know be creative in your programming follow the acute variables because again we're looking for specific adaptations that's why we do the tempos that we use that's why we give you the rep range so therefore we're working specifically on the stable is it or may not excuse me the strength and endurance however if you want to use a Renegade wrote use it if you want to use the TRX use it you know just just think about like you know what purpose is this supposed to be strength this is supposed to be a stabilization exercise and then and then you know maximize you know the client output make sure the five candidate change checkpoints stay in line that makes sure that they put own the exercise while they're performing it and if you need a regress a progress do so again make it safe but but have fun with it again be creative but make sure it makes sense. Okay and finally we can I think this will just let you read your information off and tell let's start with you since you since you just finished up when you how can and you're first on the slide how do we find you? Sure to email me you can email me at windy.bat at narsm.org or you can catch me on my instagram at windy.bat 13. And Marty. As you'll see there, Marty. Miller and asm.org and then instagram is Miller.Morty 72. Okay and thank you everyone who stayed with us for the hour. I hope you got your questions answered. I hope this gave you a little more insight into programming phase two workouts using the OPT model. Thank you Wendy. Thank you Marty and thank you Greg there in the background and we'll see all of you next time have a great day.

=== FILE: Red Light Green Light [Mv_WQ7RvNBc].txt ===

Hey everybody, it's Katrina Pilkington, and a S.M. certified personal trainer and youth exercise specialist along with being a mama. So I'm here to give you another youth exercise idea of a movement activity to do with your kids. We are going to play... Do you remember? Red. Red. Red. Red. Red. We're going to run. Skip. Hop on one leg, which is good balance practice, and then we're going to do one more. Gallup. We're going to do a Gallup. Okay, so where do you want to start? Do you want me to call or do you want to call red like green light? So this teaches kids about how to start, stop, pay attention, listen to directions as best as you can. Are you going to be the caller? Yeah! Okay, you got to stay still and you got to tell me what to do. Am I going to run? Skip. Hop or Gallup. Red. Okay, so I got to get back. Red. Red. Red. Red. Red. Yellow. Yellow light means do what? Yellow. Yellow. Yellow. Yellow. Yellow. Yellow. Yellow. Are you going to meet a caller now? Yeah! Okay, so I want you to Gallup. So Gallup means taking one foot in front of the other. Green light. Gallup. Gallup. Gallup. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. What move is next? Skipping or hopping? Skipping. Who's going? Me or you? Green light. Green light. Green light. Green light. Green light. Great. I just tried to have fun with your kids. Teach them how to start and stop. You can even pick for older kids. Exercise is like, what? You don't have to do it there, girl. Fair crawl. Um, it's done burpees. We've done running. We've done pushups. We've done hops. Any kind of activity to get them going. Can we done in five to ten and increments? Let me get a drill. You can now throw grass and then they can throw grass. So have a good day guys and we'll see you soon for another youth exercise idea or tip.

=== FILE: Return to Performance Programming Court Sports [jldKXPCbpEI].txt ===

Hi, how are you doing everybody? This is Ken Miller and we are here with the National Academy of Sports Menons Medicine and when I say we I mean myself out here in Alameda, California and my good buddy Tony and her right out there in Alameda, join us Hi, how are you doing, Tony? Hey, Ken, I'm doing great man. Happy to be back on with you. We've had a couple week hiatus. So I'm excited about today and hope everybody listening in as excited as well. Joining you from sunny Atlanta, Georgia right now and yeah, thanks so much for tuning in and what is this our sixth episode and our return to performance series? Number six and those first five went by really, really fast but you know when you you know as I was watching our hip complex video the other day and we we went over a lot of stuff in I mean a lot of a lot of content between the foot n ankle, the knee hip complex, shoulder complex as well as you know just the overview. So a lot of great things that you and I have had a chance to sit and talk about but I think as we get into this sixth episode and all the way to number 10 if we make references to some of the other videos or how to address the other parts of the body foot ankle knee hip shoulder you know you just just as easy as clicking on some of the previous video. So just a quick quick a little bit of information on that one on May 6th we did just the overview. Actually the foot n ankle on May 6th we had the knee on May 13th and we have the hip complex on the 20th of May and then the shoulder complex was the last one that we did so yeah so just to kind of tune up on some things and what we've covered and what we can address with court sports which is why we're here today. I was watching the the hip video and see what else we can that T-Off of or or or or kind of the springboard off of that when it comes to the recondition part but I'm really excited for today just because you know nothing gets me excited for about these webinars told me then to hear you talked about and share your experience when it comes to the athletes some of the high level athletes that you've had to work with on this so so likewise buddy yeah yeah if you're watching also don't be shy go ahead and type in your questions on the comments and at the end we're trying to save the last 10 to 15 minutes of this of this webinar four questions so we can address things as you guys may need or things that you've had questions on that didn't have the resources or have somebody that you can ask these questions towards or if it just sparks a thought on you know clients that you you might be working with not just you know volleyball players or basketball players but anybody who's active that might resemble the court sport environment that we're talking about so so Tony let's open up with with return to performance and again if we talk more about one sport versus the other like basketball and you know this could be volleyball and we talked about bad mitten you know anything that kind of looks like you know what you might do on a court so just a general activity might be something where you know like basketball you're running stopping jumping so there's there's a lot of dynamics that goes into this sport of basketball as it does volleyball for that matter so if I've had a chance to work with some collegiate volleyball players in my past and it's been it's one of those things and when we talk about sports sports is that there is a lot going on so when it comes to getting an athlete or whether they're professional collegiate or recreational and I do I do work with you know junior high and high school kids as well you know the the source of issues that can contribute to an injury can come from anywhere right or it can take one thing whether it was an acute injury let's say an ankle spring it affects everything that that person does right yeah absolutely absolutely and that you know speaking of an ankle spring there's a variety of mechanisms for that but and we'll get into this when it comes to the reconditioning elements specifically for basketball but the the amount of contact that's involved in addition to all the other things that you made mention of right so so let's let's talk about injury and sport now you know just kind of step back a little bit when it comes to return to performance and something that we might have said or might have emphasized in one of our earlier webinars the fact that especially at the higher level athlete they may be identified as the injury right so how many times do you talk to somebody and you're talking about a player that might have played collegially or professionally like years ago and like oh yeah you remember that one running back or that one basketball player what what was it that he suffered you know was it hamstring or what took him out that year was it low back was it is a killie so what happens when you when you're working with athletes is that they they become right their doctors report like they become their MRI they become their x-ray they become you know when you're watching someone get locked off the court and back into the locked room you're watching how they're carted off or how they're locked off and it's like oh they're already people are diagnosing and figuring out okay well that's got a bzacio it's got to be you know some drama with this tip so I think the one thing about return to performance just overall is that the athlete is not the injury right because if we start to pigeonhole when we start to pigeonhole or start to categorize an athlete even though it's been diagnosed it's is that they become that thing right so if it's a low back is she not he started to focus on the low back or the knee or the foot ankle and the reason why I'm bringing this up is because as we get into the assessment process you start to shut out other things right so if it winds up being a low back or hip issue you start to focus on that area right and you stop and you and you put your blinders on and you start to neglect other things that can be addressed as far as okay what's it gonna take for this athlete to get better what's it gonna take for this person to come back more resilient when it comes to this fourth that they're trying to to take a hold of so so when we talk about the assessment process and what it takes for us as fitness professionals strength conditioning coaches to get a player back onto the court and yeah and the context of return to performance there's something that took somebody out of this sport that took them off the plane field or off the court and it's our job to get them back on so what are what are your thoughts on that you're gonna be because you know in the realm of working with professional sports as you have you certainly that winds up being the discussion you know when you're talking to the coach or the athletic trainer or the physical therapist for the team and things like that so I just wanted to get your perspective on on that whole that whole concept sure sure what well you know as far as the assessments are concerned you know when discussing the players return to performance status with the coaching staff and player development you have to understand what are their benchmarks for success what are the things that they are looking for from the athlete that would signify that they are ready to return to to full performance but then on the strength conditioning sports medicine side there are a battery of assessments that can be done to establish baselines early on in the return to performance process and then that you can re measure against later on as that athletes getting closer and closer to to get back on the court and so I think one you just have to understand you know what are the expectations of the athlete what are the expectations of the the coaching staff that would indicate that they're satisfied with with where the athlete is in order to to return to to playing and return to performance and then how can you layer in some of the more objective assessments that you would use to determine their their eligibility or their their status when it comes to returning to performance and if there's a disparity there what then needs to happen in order to close that gap and so you know we talked as we went through each of our episodes week by week for different parts of the body ankles knees low back shoulders we discussed a variety of different assessments that could be utilized in order to help you determine help the athlete determine you know if they're ready and where they're at in their in their program to to come back but when we just look at some of those assessments will revisit those the overhead squat single egg squat you've got the depth jump or landing error landing error scoring system assessments more dynamic assessments you got vertical jump you've got a variety of different agility assessments when it comes to lower extremity injuries in particular you've got your hop series where you can do you know triple hops for distance single egg hops for distance crossover hops and so again revisit some of the the previous episodes if you want a little more information on that we've got our reactive assessments like shark skill tests our lower extremity functional test if you're looking at some agility stuff and then in the upper extremity we've got our Davies assessment and then really any other assessments that you feel would be relevant or that the coaching staff feels will be relevant to to get that that athlete back so whether it's a conditioning protocol or or anything else. I mean ultimately you can't you can't manage what you don't measure but you want to make sure that there's a sound ration out behind what it is that you're assessing and testing for and so with all of these particularly with the hops if you're doing power based testing like a single egg vertical if you're doing the reactive agility testing you want to see improvement over time and then one of the key benchmarks that's looked at a symmetry between the the uninvolved leg and the involve leg as the athletes come back the benchmark typically for that is you want to get them to within 10% or less of each other as it relates to performance during those particular assessments so you know if there's a particular distance that's achieved you want you want the involved side to be within 10% of the uninvolved side if there's a particular time involved you want the the involved side to be within 10% of the uninvolved side so those are some of the key things to to look at and you know if you get within that 10% symmetry then you know things are are looking relatively good as it relates to that individual being ready to to get back in and and stepping up and ramping up their level of activity right right and you know the thing about the assessment process is that you know sometimes if you're if you're working with an organization with which you have or alongside as a as a contractor you know sometimes you just it's got to be a little bit of a sales job to you know to create that little buy-in on some of the things that you're doing and one of the things that I found successful with that is it's taking taking video or even still pictures if I had to on okay if it's a compromised left leg or some like you know knee and you're doing the you know the hop to land you know not just the distance but also if I were to film how they got there so even if they got within that 10% that you mentioned because you know we we do need that symmetry because if they're gonna load right chances are gonna they're gonna try a little left if they can't do one of the other one side's gonna take the hit so if I'm watching you know if they get 20 yards on one 20 yards or like in the yards on the other well with them at that 10% but if they got there because they had an excessive forward lean or the knee was collapsing are they just drop the hit on every time they landed then you know qualitatively you know one of the experts that to the coaches or the athletic trainer or the physical therapist like yeah he's meeting your metrics however he doesn't mean that you know he's ready to go you know not that I'm trying to hold a player back because that's the last thing that I want but when the question comes up you know is this person ready for full integration and to practice and to competition you know can I put him out well if I'm looking at 19 and 20 close numbers and that's not bad for him out from you know coming back from injury or taking a little bit of a hate as however if we're using it as say hate these word predictive because there's no way you can predict whether or not someone's got to get injured or re-indred but we know that if someone moves more efficiently the statistically when it comes to the possibility of get hurt the less compensation the least less likely to something's going to happen although there's plenty of people that you know have been playing our competing for 20 or some years between high level and recreational that never get hurt right but you watch them during a competition or watch their compensation steering in assessment you're like how is this guy walking around with a pain you know it's because they're their feeder pointing one way and these are coming in they're all they're all full of competition but nothing ever happens but the fact that you know if we bring up some points you know with what we would call the kinetic chain checkpoints and if any one of those points are you know erratic ziggings and zagging one way or the other we can use those as part of our process because as we build in their self care program they're correct to exercise strategy something that they're going to do in addition to basketball or volleyball this you know the the the battery of assessments that you listen off Tony were you know can be looked at as okay not just how far how fast but how well yeah so especially with with this sports the hops jumps the depth jump the the last tests those those have been very impactful when it comes to how I decide or not just not just my decision making process but the information I decide to share with the coaches from that vantage point so so when it comes to the assessments you know you can you can take those all collectively as data points right no no assessment in and of itself is going to to weigh heavily you know when it comes to ways more than another when it comes to how we put a program together it's it's a it's a collective strategy okay so if you look at okay how are the different ways that we're challenging the hip how are the what are the different ways we're challenging the foot and ankles and now we can look at and even kind of hone the the the corrective strategy or the reconditioning plan if you will based on okay he does well going forward a lateral not so much right so so when we talk about these different assessments especially when we talk about the left test where you're taking somebody through forward lateral rotational backward motions something like that has been been a pretty impactful assessment if I were to weigh any assessment more than the others when it comes to assessment so do you have a go to that you might look forward to or or that you look to to give you the most information or how you decide where to bring somebody or how to program design for for an athlete now I think I think everything we just listed but the left the left is highly it's highly impactful all of all of the above yeah there's a reason reason why we highlighted these I think after you and I have talked about it a few times but yeah I think they they all have value they all allow you to look at at the individuals capabilities a little bit differently as you're all as they're all allowing you to to see a different expression of that athletes potential and where they're at you know but the left in particular is is useful it's not used as often as as I think it should be because you are able to assess how that individual functions dynamically and all three plans with changes of direction and different levels the shark skill test is another one it's it's easy and simple to use you know the nice thing about most of these is they require very little equipment you just need a little bit of space to be able to perform and so their their utility goes up quite a bit because of that right right now with all these do you find yourself and again I'm picking your brain here because I'm really curious on how how you how you approach the return to performance aspect with the different organizations and individuals that you work with but are you have you know how different is the conversation that you have with a player and the coach or the other sports medicine staff when it comes to the results how different is your communication when it comes to the results well sometimes it might not be a whole lot different you know depending on the athlete there's certain athletes that are driven by data they like to know the details and so what you share with them may may not be drastically different than what you might share with with the other members on the team that are involved in in the reconditioning and return to performance program but then there are others who aren't as concerned with with that they just want to know you know what your thoughts are you you know do you feel are they are they ready to go where they're at what are some of the concerns that you have and I think the most important thing is is just being honest and you know leverage the data leverage you know if you are using video or images you know include them in that process include that in your explanation and you know that way they know exactly where you're coming from you know however you don't want to instill you don't want to instill fear or you don't want to influence and athlete it's confidence either if they're feeling really good and and they don't really feel like there's a whole lot going on you want to try to you want to try to build and and springboard off of that too if they're feeling well and and they're excited you've got a temper you got to temper that with the reality if there is something that's you know a rire if something isn't progressing the way that the way that it should be so if there's again if there's a disparity between maybe what the athletes feeling and experiencing versus what the data is showing you have to be able to to temper that a bit and and you know pull the reins in without without completely shutting down the athlete in the in the process so you know it's a balance every situation's different but you know I've been fortunate that many of the individuals that I've worked with are they're inquisitive they like understanding where they're at they they welcome the the data and the information and then based on that they understand the decision isn't informed decision and the recommendations that are being made are informed recommendation so you know I don't know if that answer your question completely but yeah so you know it's interesting just because you've worked in a similar capacity where you know certain clients that I've had I've been I've had to be an advocate for the athlete as well because you know an organizational an organizational an organization an organization's desires or plan might be slightly different than what what may be most ideal for the athlete at a given time and so you know that's another area that you have to you have to be mindful of and that you know ultimately if if you're representing the athlete and independently of an organization you have to be able to advocate for them and what's best but also understand you know where the the organization and and and the staff there is coming from too and be able to have have a discussion that is based on on the data and that's where the the assessments and in the information that you gather are so important because you're able to communicate that with the team you're not just providing an opinion you're providing them with with statistics and and with information that basically supports why you're making a recommendation or you're sharing the perspective that you want right right and I just to kind of tag on to that yeah I mean the idea of talking to Dr. physical therapist where you know if it's something like a need they're talking about okay where our goal is 105 degrees of knee flexion and you know we're at you know we're at 95 okay well let's see what else we can do you know so numbers do come up quite a bit just because I think that that's their experience and and when you come from a world of or you got to work with people that are live in a world of protocols and you know timelines okay if we're talking about a three month rehab process how can we get through the rehab process or six months rehab or longer depending on the injury at what point do we start to do that hand off from from rehab to modified reconditioning or returned performance programming and then back into practice and play so that's where the numbers tend to you know can be wiggled with I guess as far as interpretation goes but I love what you said about you know sometimes you have to you have to act on behalf of the player and I mean there's there's been times where you know it's you know they want to get in there and you know they there's no obstacle in their way just tell me what I got to do and I'll do it I just want to get back on the court let me play but then sometimes you have to protect them from themselves right because if they are the guy that's jumping in the you notice a discrepancy between how you know landing on their right versus landing on their left or they're in denial about some of the pain that they want that they're that they wanted mid up to you know as you're watching their face as you're watching their compensation patterns as they evolve over the minutes that they play or minutes that they practice sometimes you do have to you know you have to be an advocate for them on behalf of the organization like you're seeing whether it's a school or a professional team but sometimes you also have to in my experience you know protect them from themselves and say hey you know I love for you to jump but here let me show you the video of how you're landing and this is you know and this is not gonna end well if this is how you repeatedly perform that move so I think it goes both ways when when you're involved at that level you know as far as you want you want them to do well and you want you know hey you know you're job if it's possible to tell this sports medicine or the coaching stuff that this player is in better shape and you realize right or they're progressing really well ahead of schedule however you want to put it but then there's also those times where it's like yeah they're doing well they're hitting these parameters however they're also doing this like you when I talked off line a little bit about you know player that you know Montesupple however you know they're they're mezer you know how their body reacts after after practice and some of the things that can happen after they go hard on the court you know because if it's matter getting that starting position and they're that alpha and they want to compete they want to get out there sometimes you just have to say hold on man let's you know let's let's take it easy we will get there we just have to do these other steps you know when it comes to that you know yeah I think too that's um you know what you said is appropriate and applicable to the programming piece as well not just returning to to play or getting back on the court but when you're able to leverage video let's say of an athlete of the athlete jumping and they are excited and eager to do more intense more dynamic activities but they can't control how well they land you know you know as well as I do one of the key elements is eccentric control and the lack thereof that many athletes possess and you know that's an extremely critical component to the return to performance piece that that's often overlooked so when we look at you know we get into our sample program it would be a phase one OPP program when you focus on stabilization stabilization endurance and you incorporate reactive and plyometric elements that that emphasize the eccentric and isometric eccentric and isometric components of a particular exercise that's drastically different than many return to performance programs and so I think that's one area that the kind of sets our approach apart from um or maybe a more traditional environment and so I think to your point if you're able to demonstrate to the the athlete hey look every time you jump this is what's happening this is why we need to focus on these things this is why I'm having you do this particular exercise in this particular manner because when you go and jump on the core or you go and perform this particular activity this is what's happening and this is this is what contributed to what we're dealing with this is what contributed to that in the first place so sorry I lost my screen here guys apologize so with that I mean let's get into the the programming and you know basically what we want to highlight are some different strategies using the OPP team model framework that you can implement as part of your return to performance process with with a client or athlete and so when you look at return to performance programming components a critical piece is the movement health or movement preparation component and so with that that's where you would implement some of the self-care corrective exercise strategies many of which we we highlighted in our previous episodes so based on the region of the body foot ankle knee lumbar pelvic hip complex or shoulders you know their specific corrective self-care strategies it could be implemented to help support the athlete returning from from an injury in those particular regions and then when you look at kind of preparing for activity preparing for practice or sport there's the dynamic functional warm-up process that would also incorporate some elements of corrective exercise and then blending that into you know preparation for the the activity itself and then can when it comes to the the performance programming what are some of the components that we we would focus on or that we will focus on and cover well it's it's gonna it's gonna change right the goals as as you progress through someone's training program you're gonna change focus from stability to strength and to power now ultimately you know you're progressing you know you you're athletes time your athletes bodies need to determine the timeline right so whatever you know there's been plenty of times I you know I come up with the yearly plan right from from a collegiate strength conditioning standpoint one of my jobs was to come up with plan for for the team and and it's not that different when you're when you're talking about expectations of you as a strength coach or personal trainer when you are working with an athlete who is a part of a team or an organization because one of the questions that they have is okay well what's the plan how are we going to get this person back on the field there are starter they you know this is their senior year they want to get back in a play you know what what are the chances of get this person back healthier or the chances are good but what's the timeline to get them in there so ideally you know to to get from from stability from a level of stability body control to strength now we're able to absorb and produce force and then when we talk about power we're talking about is rapid force production right so you know whatever this sport may be but but in this case when we're talking about basketball we got to get them first of all can they land well and then you know get them to go through the continuum to where they can jump and land explosively especially if someone's knocking into them on the way up or on the way down or if they have to be the one to react and get up there is quick as possible especially in a more defensive role so when we're talking about the the execution of speed agility and quickness which winds up being an important aspect of observing as a as a as a fitness professional or strength coaches you know how fast can they move but how well can they move fast winds of being the main themes of working with with courtsboards or any any sport for that matter when it comes to you know being on the court so when when you have to quickly accelerate decelerate stop you know your body is in one position with you know your feet are pointing one direction your torso is pointing another and your arms are doing something else are you passing or you receiving or you bouncing or you jumping you know your progressions have to have to make sense when it comes to to gradually and responsibly loading the body and the different needs that that athlete may need to move on the court so when we talk about the the program and you guys just so you know the programs that we're talking about is going to be a phase one stabilization endurance strength endurance for a phase two through the OBT model and then a phase five which is power now you guys will be able to download this so don't worry about if you're you know taking out a pen and paper and have to take notes just so you know that this the sample workouts that we're going to discuss are going to be available to you after this webinar so so when we talk about the execution of of a workout plan for stabilization first of all you're warm up in the best case scenario you are doing something that is assessment driven right and as you said Tony you know this is going to reflect how you're moving the things that you need to to address as an individual to move well and if you're in a team perspective and basketball volleyball those are team things teams sports where you're usually going to do some kind of team dynamic warm-up so so here as much as you can bleed in what you're going to do as a routine as a team routine as a team and you can you can kind of change it around or make make some kind of regressed variation of that so it's it feeds your purpose but it also helps you you know progress towards what you're going to do on a on every day basis with with the group but you know how you're going to address your your overactive your tighter areas that need the mobility where you have restriction and how are you going to up regulate and and activate those those latent muscles or the muscles that that aren't doing their job as far as joints stability goes so we're talking about rotator cuff hip cough foot n ankle stability you know getting those two to to fire up and be active while they while they're you know going to be integrated into the rest of the system for for your activity but one of the things when it comes to return to performance the speed agility and quickness and this is where I want your input Tony is that when we're talking about speed agility and quickness historically you know when it comes to working with you know athletic trainers or strength conditioning coaches getting somebody back into play a lot of times what all here is all right we're going to do this drill we're going to do a ladder drill right speed ladder drill and I want you to go at 40% right or I want you to go to 50% and that's how they'll grade the progression okay this week we're going to go 50% next week we're going to go 75% and then by the time it's time for you to get back into full practice and full play that's when we're going 95% right so with that I mean there are ways to build in stabilization versus all right you need a self monitor you need to somehow temper yourself so that you don't go so fast that you might get hurt but I do want you to get into the motion of running and slight change of direction and you know and a world will build up from there what's been your experience from a speed agility and quickness standpoint this is where this is the biggest gray error when it comes to return to performance has been speed agility and quickness when it comes to getting somebody what's been your experience going my experience in what regard can like if a basketball player let's say has to you know they're working on drills where it's maybe a lateral you know catching shoot lateral catching shoot they might say all right just go 50% kind of lock over there just with a with a jogging pace get over there you know and that's what I'll see from a strength conditioning standpoint as well or even if you have the athletic trainer trying to do some kind of variation of a rehabilitative speed drill or a change of direction drill what have you seen out there outside of because that was one of my first experience is when it came to the collegiate environment is 50% 60% 70 90 then now go full speed I mean they may be full of compensations but they're faster than the first day that they stepped onto the court and busted out the speed ladder sure sure yeah I think it goes back to what we discussed with with the symmetry index limb symmetry index and how you know symmetry while it's important isn't always sufficient and so you know if you give an athlete a benchmark of 50% they're likely going to try to push push that and you know that's all subjective and so it's hard to it's hard to determine what their actual 50% intensity is unless you have some pre pre injury benchmarks that you're trying to get back to it's really hard to objectively determine are they really going in 50% or are they going at 80% but but I think to your point you know while you do need those objective metrics to determine if you're progressing those can't be the only things that you're you're using to evaluate if somebody's ready to come back or not or to what level they're ready to come back because you know the going back to symmetry and apologize for taking a step back here but I think it is relevant that's assuming that the unindred side was functioning it's functioning at a high level too right so just because just because you have symmetry you can have two legs that are both not functioning optimally even though they could be symmetrical to each other so I think qualitatively looking at how the athlete is executing the drill not just the intensity with which they're performing it but how they're doing it is going to be extremely important and that's something that I would that I would tend to reiterate time and again with the the individuals that I work with is that you can't you can't just go off of the numbers you can't just go off of those those intensity benchmarks you have to look at the quality of what they're doing as well because as they get into reparturing and reprogramming and the reconditioning process you have to ensure that you know they're they're grooving optimal movement patterns which ultimately will translate to to improve deficiency and improve performance they don't always see that you know it's something I heard a long time ago and you know credit Alan Cosbro for this but you know he would always say you know more isn't better better is better and so we have to kind of keep that mantra in mind especially when you're dealing with someone who's eager to to get after it and demonstrate progress that they are improving great right um yeah no great great points now the one thing that that is built into the into the OPT model you know it's when it comes to reactive or a plyometric work is is that when we're in the phase one or the stabilization endurance phase where the primary goal is the adaptation is stabilization if we were just to do a regular plyometric it would be a matter of you know you do a squat jump to a hold where the emphasis is on landing mechanics right do they do they keep good posture or do they excessively forward lean do the knees come in do the feet turn out to the feet collapse to to an excessive amount all those things are normal but can they control the landing so so one of the things that you might have to add in there from from a speed agility and quickest standpoint is is building in that that concept of can you control the landing so so in an example of a speed ladder drill and for for higher level athletes is one of those things that they you kind of cringe at when you tell them you have to you know let's say it's a basic in and out so I'm zigzagging across um a lateral in and out so I'm zigzagging across a speed ladder so I might say go left left foot in right foot in and then as your left foot and your right foot step out of the ladder I need you to stop and hold right you can transition at a nice moderate speed but I need you to stop and hold check your posture take your hip position to hip me and toe and line everything's pointing straight ahead then you zigzagged the right step step stop and hold step step stop and hold and then the the next progression from there might be something along the lines of you're going to zigzag you would to feed in the ladder and then balance on the outside foot so now I can build in a little deceleration well isometric hold and stabilized and that'll give them out of the opportunity that's stopped for a second feel where you are you know evaluate what your what your hip situation is level or is it dropped right or are you hiking your shoulder you're not your shoulder square okay are you rotating down or are you flexed over right while you're standing on that outside of the same example you left leg where you until or at the end so then they would go through let's say maybe a half this wheel ladder that would time so go to scope in and out and then balance the other way in and out and balance that way I can control I mean can you can't say oh you you are going any percent of 50 percent can't call something out of something like that but what I can objectively look at is how are you accelerating how are you controlling your body when you're supposed to be still right so bad as you transition and I can tell what this is a bit too Mississippi pretty balanced and hold and that way we know that if you have nice upper and posture shoulders a little it's a little bit too long and you tell your alignment you know it can integrity from the start as you change direction or collapse you know hold your way to the next position right where this is done under control to where now if I can stop hold stabilizing now can you accelerate change direction with with kind of integrity so when it comes to the phase one speed agility and quickness is what we have to start to blend in it because this is what they're going to build up to right so if we can build it on it or stabilization temper to it all you know or we're going to get the player to you know to do a movement that looks feels smells like this part and that and another self can be great encouraging and the fact that it's like oh okay I am working my way back to to perform it so what it comes to you know flexibility core balance and reactive speed agility and quickness and then the resistance training part that has a cue is is one of those components of the work out that you know you're going to spend more time coaching up put them in real life as an area so if you can like holding the volleyball holding the basketball adding some transition look at as you're doing these drills however you know this is where you know we set it in one of our other webinars you know your ability to create a good program is only limited by your level of creativity right playing it looks mark people out there a lot of content out there but covering and a print together that's going to be encouraging to that athlete as far as you know their level of confidence and get back to collect yeah no absolutely I think you know that's something that's lost oftentimes especially as a release of the OBT model and the experience that experiences that I've had and that some colleagues of mine have had and I know you've had them as well in dealing with with different organizations and teams in the process is that you know stabilization as an adaptation is more than just doing a couple different exercises that involve standing on one leg as part of a program if you're training for stabilization every component in the program is got to have elements and follow some guidelines and variables that would elicit that adaptation and I think that's why we see the the tremendous results that we do is because we're we're looking at the entire program you know the program is more than the the individual components you know and so the the sum is greater than than the individual parts right and so I think that's where the concept of stability is is lost and so you know it's a critical piece to the puzzle when you're trying to get an individual back but you bring up a great point you know from a programming standpoint you can have the the physical authenticity you can have the biological authenticity so when you look at the the mechanical specificity of things the metabolic specificity but that behavioral component that that can encourage the athlete um encourage the athletes by and where you incorporate patterns, movements, drills, props and equipment that helps to mimic what they're what they're trying to get back to is is hugely important and that that creative element is is is a massive piece to getting the athlete keeping the athlete engaged and and enthusiastic about the process and limit limit to them getting discouraged along the way. Right and you know as a performance coach too I love tossing the ball right you know there's a lot of other things I'd rather do to you know it's like all right here you go if I you all right you okay right but if someone's doing let's say that that speed level maybe even a four-condril where they're going forward lateral backward and then lateral the other way nothing's stopping you from let's say you know tossing them a volleyball and while they're they're stopped or balanced on one leg have them bump the the ball back at you right and so you know it's challenging it's fun and then that's easily progressed for I'm going to give them these meatballs where it's going to be right in front of them you know I'm not going to have too much going on in the beginning but then I could I could serve it a little bit to the right I could serve it a little bit to the left and as they of course they have to earn it and that's that's the big thing is is looking for these opportunities anywhere during the workout and the conditioning plant and opportunity to say a adaboy at a girl good job nice work I see a work in hard you know what you're doing on on your offdays for me it's really showing up here any opportunity you can you can you can grab onto it and celebrate those successes of pat on the back good work keep it up and it also like you know what we're talking about here just you know something that they can look forward to but if it can look and smell and feel like they're sport volleyball basketball you know that's going to be encouraging because I mean you you it's you know we have to humanize the process and what we talked about earlier is that they're they're not there I'm a rider's not there you know they're not their last appointment they're not their injury you know and there's the big reason why people play things is just for that it's because they play right play is fun if and if you have the opportunity to play well high level high level competition you know it's our responsibility to you know as as movement fitness and and strength professionals to get them there the safest we can't but make it as fun as possible all right so moving on so I think we have yeah I think we've got some programs up right yep so what we've done for you all is we've created some example programs phase one phase two phase five and then mobility dynamic conditioning type program that can be done on off days or prior to additional training sessions or practices if you will and so what we'll do is we'll just kind of go through these each of these example programs as Ken mentioned they'll be available for you to download after this after this episode so no need to try and scrub all stuff down or take a bunch of screenshots we got you covered there and so as we go through each of these we'll just kind of explain in the rationale and the the reason behind each of the exercise options understand you know just like the OBT model is a framework there's a lot of variability involved in these and so you know this is just one example of a way that you could incorporate this type of programming and and so don't don't look at this is you know you're limited to to what we're providing here but hopefully the rationale is we provide give you some insight into why why we put these together the way we did but then also gives you an opportunity to leverage that same reasoning when you put your programs together and and you decide on specific exercise techniques or drills so with that I think Greg's got the first one up Ken do you want to you want to start talking through our phase one program? Yep let's talk about phase one or what we might call stabilization endurance for those that of you that are familiar with the optimum performance training model so you'll see here that you know in the warm up we have self-mile facial technique however you want to address it whether using a static formula or something long lines of music vibration and percussion like with the hyper ice vapor or the hyper vault you know again we we put on here just the TFL ad dr magnus lateral calf and lats and generally when when it comes to putting programs together especially when it comes to enhancing mobility first the four activity let me just from an approach standpoint I'll do something that addresses the lower leg the hip and the shoulder right and then depending on time I might add on to that depending on what the athletes needs are so again as a general warm up this is something that I might do but again any kind of assessment based program formability is going to supersede anything that I might do from a general standpoint. The the form of flexibility here is static because if you're working with you know pain discomfort that we're really addressing pain but someone's going back from a from a layoff they're coming back from injury they've had some time off and you know pain might be an issue but from from a from a scope of practice standpoint we're not here to address the pain or work on pain but what we can do again assuming that there is there is approval the the physician the physical therapist the athletic trainer are involved in the process it just gives you an idea where not to go so if it's it might seem aggravating or if they say they're an acronic to out of ten on a pain scale then you know if it becomes a two and a half or a three now you know that there's any adjustments to be made in their programming that's where you're going to back off and again respect what the body's telling you so back to the point static stretch we're trying to improve range emotion especially if they've been casted or if they've been in a sling or if they've been immobile for a while what we're really trying to do is just improve flexibility for the purposes of increasing or improving range emotion where it's been assessed to be damped deficient and then the next thing to do is get into activation so here we're trying to up regulate those muscles that have not been doing what they're supposed to be doing if you will so especially when it comes to the assessment process if I notice something like an excessive forward lean or a low excessive low back arch arms following forward this is where I want to address those muscles to to get them to do what they're supposed to do from a stabilization standpoint so it's in this case we've addressed the lats let's say for the sake of example arms are falling forward lats maybe pack back minor might be doing their thing to pull the arms down but what are we doing to strengthen muscles that are responsible for keeping things shoulder integrity so I can have that arm go up into that overhead position which is very important now if you're talking about a basketball player needs to go overhead or volleyball player that needs to serve or spike or block where their arms are definitely up in that position so the idea now outside of exercise selection is to manage the the acute variable so that we are focusing on stability and we're trying to reinstall if it's ever been there before you know the idea of you know can we control the bite can we can we increase or improve postural endurance and neuromuscular control from that standpoint so activation when it comes to core balance you know this is where that comes into play and you know athletes come from different backgrounds when it comes to what they consider for work so in this phase this is where we need to get them to hold still and work on those intrinsic stabilizers and give them the integrity that they may or may not have had before so when we talk about everything leading up to now flexibility range motion and now core and balance we're just trying to make sure that they can control their bite and something I've said before in another webinar is that if we can't control your body how can you expect to control your opponent right so that I attribute to coach David Zimbabwe what I mean is just encoders that work with a cow who taught me that early on and that's and that's that's been one of the drivers and how I explained that to a math and we talk about explaining the program to an athlete I tell them you you can't control your body how can you expect to control the guy on the other side of the ball right so about any thoughts on that so far Tony with with what we've done through the phase one program so far no no looks great you know on the balance piece I like the inclusion of the the the implement whether it's a basketball or volleyball you know I think two with some of those drills from a balance perspective reaching in different directions you know we have a lateral reach here but you could also incorporate overhead reach you know getting them to to put the the extremities into positions that they're going to encounter on the court so again going overhead using the arms as a drivers in different directions and then you can see where they're where they're most challenged and and that can give you insights into what you might need to continue to focus on with with their programming so you know again we have a lateral reach but you know play around with the different directions the different amplitudes of movement how far how high how why they're reaching to see where they they have the most challenge so you can continue to build on that over time right right and again when just like core balance is one of those things doing things on one leg that's typically a lot of times not seen unless someone's in a rehabilitative situation so balance I mean there's been plenty of times where I've worked with an athlete and their their injured side and we talked about this before and then their injured side a lot of times looks better than the un-injured side close rehab because it's the injured side that's gotten a lot of the love and attention and focus when it comes to the rehabilitative process and it's the un-injured side the side that hasn't been heard is the one that's been the most compromised so it's it's an opportunity to not just close the gap between the the injured and the non-induced but overall just elevate the performance on both sides right so skill development we talked about this already with with SACU adding the pauses giving them a moment to to look at their body check out their alignment make corrections when when it's necessary but also like when we showed here with the single leg balance in the and the lateral reach with the ball with the basketball or volleyball on hand this is an opportunity again they're they're starting to move in motions or or using drills that they might have used with the team but now it's an opportunity for us to get be creative have a little fun integrate a little bit of the sport in there as they're as they're working their way back and then once we've gotten things the nervous system cooked up a little bit now we can get into the resistance training so and this is the one that this is the one part of the workout where I tend to get most resistance when it comes to working with athletes and and coming back because one you know you have a lot of reps it's not the six reps eight reps that they're used to doing in a weight room now we're talking about 12 15 20 repetitions you know slow low intensity you know they're holding the purple dumbbells the light green baby blue dumbbells you know things that barely fit in there you know it fits in the palm of their hands sometimes and they're like what do you want me to do with this man but but again this is the one where the conversation definitely needs to happen on why they're doing it good but I'll tell you what there's been more than enough times where you take somebody day through let's say a floor or a ball or a ball cobra or a shoulder combo and they're feeling muscles that they've never felt before right so so when it comes to resistance training things like you know we're grass movements that encourage posture and awareness proprioception ball wall squat again if someone needs to work on their their their partial integrity that's going to be a big one push up with rotation especially when you do that slow that I can be a burner not just for the shoulders but also for their trunk and their spine especially when if you're Q&A okay tuck that button under let's get trained maintain more of a neutral hip or get to hip hop or move the hip forward get your head back chin in and again getting back into Q&A you don't want to put them into position where now I'm harping on you on eight different things but if I can right size the exercise for you there should be no more than two things that may need correction when it comes to the kinetic chain checkpoints that we're we are trying to to keep an alignment depending on the exercise but a lot of a lot of players you know if they haven't done stabilization before oftentimes their eyes are open when it comes to how how intense a two pound dumbbell or no weights can be especially when it comes to you know the slow high rep intensities that we're looking at in this phase of training what do you think Tony? Oh absolutely and you know oftentimes it's it's a great opportunity and the athlete once they experience it they they start to understand they get it like okay they start to think why can't I do this this looks like a piece of cake but as they start getting into the meat of the of the workout they start experiencing what it's like to move at those lower tempos maintaining proper alignment for those higher rep ranges they start to realize okay well these are areas that I I should I should be able to do this white can't I so let's let's take the time to get better and work on this so often you know with many of the athletes that are driven and thrive on that competitive element they take it as a challenge and and want to get better as a result of that when they aren't able to perform to the level that they think they should and so yeah well you may you may encounter some resistance at first over time I think the athlete starts to realize how important it is and how impactful it can be on their performance in all aspects of what they're doing and it's an opportunity again if you're if you're doing this correctly and you're able to implement stabilization training as we're laying it out you're enhancing that neuromus who are control you're enhancing that athlete's efficiency you basically just take in the you know taking the parking break off through them you're allowing their body to perform to the level that it's capable of by showing up some of these areas in which they're deficient and it's only going to set you up for greater success when we get into our face our strength and power base program so yeah it sucks it's it's not fun for them but they do start to you know appreciate it once they experience the benefit to that right so the exercise selection that we've got here just to kind of run through the the the exercises and you know quick bullet points on each is that you know the ball wall squat again emphasis is on keeping a tall spine posture while they're learning to you know ankle dorsi flex hit flex with good integrity and again up to you if you want to throw a dumbbell in there or maybe even do something like a curl and press as they're doing the ball wall squat push up rotation again having the the body rotate as a whole the spine rotate as a whole while kind of you know they're thinking of it as a shoulder and upper body strengthening exercise I look at this as a core and shoulder stability level exercise which again if you're whether you're playing volleyball right overhead shooting you got a guard you got to reach with the basketball and volleyball as well having you know having good extensibility through the the anterior shoulder complex can be huge lunges and multiple multi-planar standpoint again nothing happens just in front of you got to go to the ball you got to back up go forward move lateral get out of some's way or get in someone's way so you have to be able to get the hit to move in different directions and you know the multi-planar lunges is awesome for that I mean we could have even picked a step up a multi-planar step up you know to to to be a part of this program and then the ball dumbbell row and this is you know I love using the ball in a prone position because now you're engaging the whole post to your chain if you're if you're a volleyball player especially you know if you're waiting for that serve your flex you're in that ready position and you're always hunched over right basketball is the same thing if you're the guy with the ball you're the one you're flexed over you're dressing the ball you're pushing somebody or someone's pushing into you and you're in that and you're in that triple threat position so from that vantage point you know you're always flexed you're always forward so we're gonna do what we can to get somebody to engage as much of that post of your chain as possible right and then with a single leg dumbbell curl and overhead press any opportunity I can find a put a player on a single leg I'm gonna do it so because a lot of times they're gonna jump off of one leg and they're gonna land on one leg or they're gonna stop cut on on one leg too so any opportunity I can to to sneak in a little bit of single leg work that's what I'm gonna do now again going back into why we might do a stabilization exercise the other importance here is that this might be to go to on an off day so maybe something that they do after they play a game right just because if they've traveled they're fatigue they're tired they got a lot of playing time where they're getting back into this might be how I de-load or unload somebody off of off of you know a heck they travel schedule or competition schedule so anything to add to that Tony first all right so once somebody does I mean an ideal situation that can be compressed or that can be expanded based on how the athletes performing but then the next thing is strength endurance which is one of my favorite phases because it's the it's the phase where now they start to to get some you know they see the light at the end of the tunnel they they can see that okay things are starting to get juicy I am starting to do movements that I'm more familiar with I'm starting to do more more exercises that the team is doing and this is where again if you're not the strength coach and some some other coaches responsible for the team you want to find out what it is that they're doing because you can easily lend that into this phase of training now as we I'll kind of run through the the warm up and the activation part but here we're picking up the tempo still we want to use some kind of self-mono-passual technique just for the for the sake of variety quad I'd like to complex calf complex packs instead of lots little variation I mean that that can change on the date on the daily activations going to pick up a little bit more where we go from a static stretch to more of an active stretch or moving in a controlled motion into and out of the stretch position and then the activation again is going to be more a little bit faster so with control we're going to with a moderate tempo we're going to move into and out of position so as we're into this phase two strength endurance template that you guys will be able to download now moderate speed for repetitions so we have the ball bridge again blue activation we're getting off of the floor something less you know static as as a before we added it as the sciat flying straight leg raise um to activate the glutes now we're getting the hips to move with with a little bit more tempo not too much but um lateral box step up to balance catch and throw so we're now incorporating more of a more progressive balance movement so now adding catching and throwing so now they have to absorb and then produce force as they catch the ball and then throw the ball and quadriped reach and pull here this is not anything you're going to really find in our textbooks today as of now but reach and pull is just more of a you know reach under and reach up as we're rotating through the trunk and the spine and in this case you're on a quadriped position so it's a nice variation then you know your arm opposite leg reaches or your bur doggs as it might be called but adding more of a little rotational component to it and then as we as we move into now that we've got things fired up turned on you're moving while you have more range motion you have better control posture on endurance is there because you just finished phase one skill development so now we give more progressive with our speed agility and quickness of routines so repeat lateral squat jump so instead of just doing like say a lateral squat jump with a two to three second hold now we are incorporating a little bit of rhythm we're moving from one jump straight into the next with control again it's not as fast as possible but what we are looking for is good mechanics good extension can you move rhythmically with you know the integrity that we're looking for you to land and jump with now here we have a lateral shuffle with a single leg pause so again we mentioned you can pause and balance on the outside leg so there's still a little bit more of this now for looking at say maybe a set of cones that are three three yards five yards apart I can add some speed and have that stop balance and hold add some speed stop and then you know we can shorten that time of transition as long as they have good integrity when they're from cone to cone and then if you're on a on a traditional basketball court half court ladder so now we can start to add some conditioning on here formally inside the workout so that can be from baseline the free throw baseline to three point line back to baseline to have court and those could be managed right you know a player that's just starting up with me conditioning wise I might just go baseline to free throw baseline to the the top of the key and that might be the level of their of their shuttle run if you will but as I get more condition I can definitely have more reps I can I can have them go half court and you get from working on endurance now I can start maybe even using the whole court right so but if the goal let's just say it's more change of direction I can add in shorter incremental stop and goes in there but if it's more conditioning I can lengthen the amount of distance they're going to run between transitions so when we when it comes to the strength conditioning plan not only are we looking at mechanics do they have good body control but we also have to look at okay how are we preparing this this athlete for their conditioning right because if they start to get tired they're breathing heavy they're getting fatigued right it doesn't matter how much endurance and stability they have they're tired they're fatigued they're mentally they're not going to be there they're not going to be able to focus so it's also our job to get them into cardiovascular conditioning shape so anything to add onto those first three components Tony of of a phase two nope can you do a great man I love it I would say you know with some of these exercises and I know this has been highlighted before you were providing you with some recommended sets and reps the intensity level should be dementia with your with your athletes abilities so you know looking at let's say the ball bridge that doesn't always mean a body weight ball bridge so provided that the athlete is able to maintain proper alignment they're able to execute them the movement through the desired range of motion without compensation that is an exercise that you can load externally with a dumbbell or a barbell or whatever implement you you want to use sandbag so you know just make sure that the intensity level is appropriate for the phase in this case if you're doing a ball bridge with that's body weight and you have 10 reps programs the athlete might be able to do 25 reps body weight no problem so just utilize utilize your best judgment but it is it is appropriate to to externally load and in some of these activation exercises based on the the rep range is that that we're working with here some some exercises certainly you're not going to be using much load if any but others you certainly can so I just want to highlight that because sometimes we we get that question with regard to some of our programming at NSM and you know just because it's an activation exercise doesn't mean you can't load it right yeah great point all right so as we get into resistors training this has been historically for for the athletes that I've worked with you know a great background right because now you're giving me what I want and I'm giving you a you want when it comes to resistance training so it's a place it's our calming ground where we can meet on on what you like out of work out and what I love giving or what giving you what you need out of a workout so here we have the superset format as it's delivered so you're going to take a you know like motion or a similar motion and you're going to compound a strength exercise a traditional strength exercise like a bench crash or a front squat or a or a seated you know lat lat pull down and then you're going to combine it with a stabilization exercise so both exercises are going to reflect the tempos and the speeds and the key variables relative to that goal and purpose so if it's a strength exercise so in this case we've got a single arm dumbbell press right so here I want to go moderate speed good control no pauses it's just down and I put the dumbbell and I am covering a little bit more core in that and that approach when it comes to this exercise but then I'm going to immediately follow it up with a ball pushup so in this example I know it wasn't explained that's specifically but the intention is to put the hands on the ball so free feet arm brace against anything but I do want the hands on the ball and you are going to move as slow as you did in phase one with emphasis on the eccentric so as my chest is lowering down to the ball and lowering my body down to the ball that's what I'm going to spend a little bit time I'm going to float there for a couple seconds I'm going to have a strong pushup especially with you know with athletes that have done the traditional barbell and dumbbell work following it up immediately with a slow stabilization based exercise a lot of times it's something that they've never done so don't be surprised if whatever dumbbell weight you are using or whatever the intensity was for the first exercise when you go back for the second or maybe even the third set don't be surprised that you have to take down some weight so decrease the intensity because we're asking a certain level of intensity with integrity for the duration of that routine so here I know we didn't put any rest in there but at the beginning of a workout program so I can cue them up, coach them up it between sets I'm going to do more of what we call a horizontal format and resistance training so in this exercise selection you know single arm dumbbell press immediately followed by a ball pushup I might give them there 60 to 90 seconds in between so that I can coach them up let them know where I'm looking for them to improve it gives me a chance to adjust any weights we need to so if they're doing a 45 pound dumbbell for single arm dumbbell press but they're pushups really took it out of then I might say hey let's go to a 35 or let's go to a 25 and really focus on you you know maintaining core stabilization you know good integrity through the trunk as you press that dumbbell because there's been plenty of times somebody's done a bench press starts off with what they usually do or I think they can do 315 let's say let's back it off for a second let's go to 85 and bring in somebody down to 135 pounds is not uncommon because there's a certain level of endurance that comes with this phase of training especially if if you haven't been has not been a routine that you've done before or in the sequence that you you've got it laid out so I hope that makes sense but this is this is again a great transitional phase from stabilization industry because you're still you're combining both component adaptations if you will for that for that athlete anything add onto that tonniness for us the overall vantage point of the phase two resistance training. No I agree it's a bridge you know it is one of the more if not the most challenging phase of the OBT model but you know one that offers tremendous benefits from not only a strength standpoint but enhancing that stabilization and endurance. Right and overall I mean just to kind of get through this and so we can talk about phase five a little bit just know that you know when we're talking about especially basketball and volleyball if you can incorporate you know overhead positions so we have a lot pulled down and you know not every facility has a lot pulled down but it's a way to get them to move in that overhead position whether you're pulling or pressing but any opportunity again you can find to get them and moving into multiple directions whether if you have a cable set up and you're pulling from a cross-sabody or way from the body laterally not just what traditional specialized equipment will do for you just put everything in front of you but if I can even just turn the body a little bit get a different angle at which they're producing or reducing forces is one of the one of the things that we often times forget there's programs I've seen you know from other strength coaches and everything is this sagittal plane dominant but if we're truly trying to give the athlete the integrity they need we need to get them in the body positions in this case overhead but also rotations as they need to do a chest pass you know they they have to be able to turn and and be strong and confident when they when they do go into the different positions and I know we didn't say it on the last phase one workout but the cool down is going to follow the same format to where you can you can foam roll stretch percussion vibration and then follow with the with the static stretch okay and again and if they at this point time they still are incorporating some kind of self-care programs this might be an opportunity to do that but be ready if you're if you're athletes like I'm not really feeling right now because I just you know put 45 minutes on the court and doing another 12 15 minute routine if it doesn't drive with them you know they can do it later they can do it the next day but as long as we unload the body right and give them an opportunity to recover well with with ideal body posture and position the cooldown is is basically just as important as the warm-up when it comes to somebody returning to play anything else on phase two Tony that I'm missing? no let's get into to phase five yeah phase five power this is where things get really fun and interesting and because things are moving fast right and hopefully they burn the right to move fast and when it comes to the speed agility and quickness that we've done through phase one and phase two here you know this is where it's going to be a really big part of the workout because you know they're throwing med balls they're they're jumping they're landing and you know this can be one of a hair year parts as far as transitioning programs go but for the most for the most part you know we're moving fast they burn their right it wouldn't put them in phase five unless they they've shown that they can do it safely and effectively so when it comes to the warm-up this is where you can get into more of the dynamic we're not trying to improve flexibility range of motion but if that is still part of your objective then they would do it individual individualized assessment base warm-up before they get into the dynamic so they needed to do their more static range of motion work active and then into the dynamic whereas as long as dynamic as where they end off before they get into the routine lesson you want to do is see a static stretch and then get them to run and jump and throw things right so they can still do their individual work and then get into the dynamics so here as an example this is this is what we would call a normal walking warm-up so they might be blown from from from baseline towards mid-court for their for their warm-up routine so as we would call it a walking warm-up so they do different patterns as they as they do their warm-up so ankle grabs knee hugs you know basic hip mobility work double touches touching the ground reaching up to the sky so and this comes in and a million different forms when it comes to a teamwork out activation here you know depending on how you've built out your workout routine you may or may not need to put med ball work in or jump work in here because it may already be baked into what you're going to do for the strength routine but the idea is that we're trying to elevate the the activation of the nervous system right so as someone's doing in this case as we've got it exemplified in this routine med ball crunch and throw they could do that off the ground they can do that on a physio ball but now we're activating the core quickly right we're getting the nervous system to fire quickly um lateral jumps with stabilization so this is a part of a balanced progression so now we go from landing mechanics in phase one to repeat jumps and now we're working on single leg landing mechanics um why sorry when it comes to balance in stabilization we're a little to no movement in the in the stance leg and then and then movement flexion extension squatting um deadlift hip-hinging in strength and now we are working on landing mechanics on the on the power phase of balance which again something that I don't see a whole lot in in in resistance training programs for for for for for for a lot of sports but it's something that you know will will will will will be a difference as far as your ability to activate the hip and the same side leg and we got here a little bit of bear crawling and that's just to get a little rotation med ball clean get somebody up regulated a little bit but get that that counter rotation between the shoulders and the hips that's where you'll see a lot of bear crawls of bear call variations throughout a four week program especially in power skill development and plan metrics and speed agility and quickness this is where again we're we're not a handcuff in you as much as we did in the first one but what we are looking to do is just to get you moving quickly basically you're free to go right as far as when you're working out with a team now we can go we can go into then 90% to 100% intensity range you know still important to get in multi-planar movements lateral adding compound compound motions now we can do say lateral to vertical jumps so this could be a lateral shuffle with a vertical jump at the cones so if we have a three or five foot separation between cone we could shuffle jump land lateral shuffle jump land as an example cone touches and then we have a half-core of our ladders and shuffle so this now we can go without adding any pauses without adding any kind of single leg balance and reaches now we can just do a quick rapid response in transition from one landmark to the other and then as we get into the resisted train this this workout does not last long at all right as you get into this other phase where we do incorporate a superset if you will but now instead of what we did in phase two where it was strength followed by stabilization here it's strength high level high intensity level strength what we're doing now one to five reps immediately followed by an explosive movement so in the example here we have a dumbbell press so it's two arms when there is no core focus anymore it's just about how much weight can you push how intense how heavy can you go while still maintaining structural integrity and then immediately following it up with an explosive movement in this case it's a medicine ball rotation chest pass right both pushing motions one's going to be a slightly different direction but I'm going to go heavy and then for the sake of having that post action potentialation now I'm going to use a nervous system and get it to learn how to move get it to learn how to move quickly and as fast as possible so and that's that's what makes this workout intense at the level of intensity that it is because now we're strength followed by power and if there's anything a coach needs to do here is watch for posture and compensation and because speed is the name of the game as soon as my client starts to slow down we're done because how you did the last rep is what the brain remembers so as soon as they start to compensate as soon as they start to slow down they're done we're going to take a break and then we're going to go into the next exercise so resistance training here has a different meaning from the previous two examples that we've given you what do you think Tony? Sorry gang I've got my dog barking at a car in the background so I had mute on I appreciate you being yeah no it's fantastic I agree and there's Zoe again I apologize everyone one of the things too you know we've got the med ball rotation chest pass you can you can incorporate different elements into these power exercises as well if if you feel it's appropriate you know even as a lower sometimes what we'll do with with our athletes is you know have them perform the chest pass on a single leg if you want to incorporate a balance element there and then progress them to a more dynamic power exercise so a lot a lot of two here but this is a great a great phase of training and I think one that that most all clients and athletes love to be in because you know they're in their element and they get to get to get after a little bit so love it um that's all I got yeah I'll take it I know it's it's uh we're getting a little deep into the uh the clock here on this on this program but hopefully our review of a phase one phase two in a phase five gives you an idea of of how we would progress an athlete returning to performance just from the sampling that again it's it's not a traditional workout plan that you might see somebody do on their own whereas traditionally you might see okay go 50% 75% and then go 100% when it comes the intensity in the speed but the the idea here is that it's baked in those pauses and those stops those yellow lights are built into the program from stabilization to strength and to power but of course if you're in power if you've earned your way to that last phase of training um definitely it's green lights go I mean little to no restrictions but you you know you're always gonna have especially some of that's returning back to performance um they may need to have that individual individualize need to address whatever it is that they're coming back from to you know to incorporate you know that strength that power and again consider the whole person when it comes to what their demands are so I mean one thing we haven't talked about Tony is like position players so if you're if you're involved you're if you're in front if you're right next to net and you're in your you're blocking that your primary goal versus someone who's like a liberal and they're they're in the back court or somebody who's a point guard or shooting guard versus the center we have respect the demands of the different positions regarding those two sports so and that you know now you can get deeper into the leads when it comes to okay how am I going to return this player to sport based on what their coach is expecting. Again that goes back to earlier in this webinar we talked about talking to the coaches talking to sports medicine staff on how we can get this person ready for how they're gonna be used on the court and then the last workout routine that that you'll be able to download from us is what we call the self care dynamic warm-up. That was the title list Tony we changed it on. Yeah okay self mobility and dynamic conditioning routine just something that could be done as more of a d-load or unloading type session where you know you're working on improving or maintaining mobility throughout the week you're incorporating some some mouth-hassual techniques some static stretching in the areas that that need it followed by some activation and then you can incorporate kind of a graduated level of activity but not so intense that that would be viewed as a as a high intensity workout in and of itself so you know basically it's something that you could give the athlete or give your client to do on on those off days that kind of take some through that corrective process and hit it length and activate and then integration so there is there are some dynamic elements but it's not not full intensity or something that's meant to be viewed as a workout a traditional workout it's just something that they can do to unload and maintain some of the qualities and elements that you're working on throughout the week help get them prepared for subsequent sessions. Right and that example can take place in many forms so it could be a travel day where they get off of the plane they want to get a light exercise routine in there when they're at the hotel or if they're at the you know whatever the other arena is that they may be playing at so it has multiple roles and purposes so if like they're traveling and I'm not with them here's something that I know it's not it's not equipment intensive body weight stuff but overall just get you a chance to get the blood flowing especially when you're trying to counter things like jet lag and you just want a better night's sleep yeah so that's that's something that depending on the needs of your athlete can be implemented in different ways so I thought you know overall and looking at those four workout routine examples you know I think that's a pretty comprehensive you know line up when it comes to things that you can do or should be doing when you think about the progressions of your athlete from beginning to end when it comes to post rehab to performance and it was one more thing to add there on each of those phases because I can't remember if we've if we highlighted it or not talked about so many things but generally you know each each phase if you're following more galineiro approach is you know going to be roughly four four to six weeks you know obviously you have to look at the timelines within which you have to work but for optimal adaptations it's kind of what we're looking for and then as your athlete progresses and gets further along you can get into more of a hybrid type programming or angelating type programming where you incorporate all all three phases within a cycle within a micro cycle or weekly cycle in order to continue to see micro adaptations and micro progressions in each of those specific domains and and so again when you look at a plan an annual plan followed by a monthly plan followed by a weekly plan you know ultimately often decide how long you spend in each phase you know you may not have the the luxury of four to six weeks maybe much less but optimally that's kind of what we're looking at and and then with phase five sorry can I did we highlight that it's I know it's a super set but that the the exercises or biomechanically similar to to each other did you talk about that yeah I don't want it in bargain your dog was a part okay all right all right well with that Greg did we do we get any questions or or feedback from the listeners and attendees that we need to address no questions that you need to address but there were a lot of people that wanted to thank you guys for the the great info and the thoroughness of it all so thank you yeah Ken and I were all about the long form webinar series with all right so on that note let's say we will be back in two weeks and we are going to do a return to performance with field sports so this is for for soccer lacrosse feel hockey if you're on if you're on grass or turf this is going to be the the webinar for you so as always we appreciate you guys watching and if you're still watching thank you thank you thank you so much for hanging in there with us but Tony any closing statements or words no echo your sentiment thanks so much everyone for tuning in love the support and if you have any questions don't hesitate to to leave them in the comment section below also the the programs that we review will be made available to you for download and Ken and I both have our contact info on those templates if you need to reach out to us in any way our email addresses on there as well as our our Instagram handles so don't hesitate to to be in touch and until next time everyone has a great rest of the week and we'll see you soon all right take care everyone

=== FILE: Return to Performance Programming Foot & Ankle [sTg3s31OfLE].txt ===

Hey everyone, Tony Emblare right here, joined by my fellow master instructor Ken Miller, and welcome to our second installment in the Return to Performance series. In this episode, we're going to focus primarily on the foot-naked complex. So really excited to get into some of these specific areas of the body that we can work on reconditioning. Last week, if you were able to listen to the first installment in the series, we provided an overview of what is returned to performance and discussed some of the things that should be considered as your assisting clients and or athletes through the reconditioning process. First let's start off by discussing what we're going to cover today. First thing we'll do is we'll get into some of the specific foot-naked lower-leg injuries that you might encounter or that your clients might experience and that you're going to help them fully recover from. It should be addressed that what we're going to focus on primarily in these episodes is beyond the acute rehab stage. So remember we talked about a multi-disciplinary team in our last episode where you've got the medical providers, you've got the rehab professionals and then what we're going to be talking about is kind of that bridge between rehab and the return to full performance. So much of what we're going to discuss today is it relates to the programming and the strategies that you would implement with your clients are going to be from that perspective. We'll also talk about what does full recovery mean, what is the goal and then what can be done, most importantly what can be done from a self-care or trainer or coach-directed standpoint and what are some of the things that you can do prior to full integration into practice, strengthening, and competition. So again, super excited to be here can, um, glad to, um, to get on the, uh, the line with you again and excited to go over this topic with you. Yeah, I mean, that's, uh, you know, I look, if there's going to be one highlight of my week outside of family, this is going to be it, you know, always always always always communicating with you, man. Especially from the standpoint that you, I mean, uh, again, if you haven't listened to what we did last week. So highly encouraged is watch the video, um, watch video, you know, and you'll get an idea of where we're coming from, um, from just a overall, I guess, an approach. So let's, you know, so the thing about it is is that we're, we're, we're talking about getting somebody back into, you know, into the playing field and again, Tony, just to get back to it. You've got a lot of great experience, and I know that off, offline we've, we've shared some stories, but I'm really looking forward to to hearing what, uh, you know, what you've done with your athletes to get them back on the, on the field because you know, you read about these players and, and tell me what you think about this, but you're, you're watching ESPN or some kind of news report and, you know, this guy's going to be out for three weeks, four weeks, and then, but we can have two weeks later they're back on the field, right? So obviously, something was done to get them to where they can actually not just get, you know, walking normal, you know, normal, whatever that means, but also to the point where they can compete again to actually be competitive and be a presence on the field. So that's what I'm looking for to gleaning from this conversation today, especially when we talk about the foot and ankle, and the injuries that typically come with that region and especially since, you know, and we'll talk about ankle sprains and a little bit, but ankle sprains being, you know, the biggest injury across all sports, right? So, look at the preventative side, but also, if it happens, and statistically, if you compete in something, it will happen. You know, what can we do to address it? Moving forward. Yep, and selfishly, you know, likewise, I'm looking forward to to hear in your stories as well, and, uh, angling some stuff from, from your experiences. So, should be fun. Should be fun. Yeah. All right. So, yeah, I guess also to those, watching if, uh, if you do have any questions, please feel free to leave them in the comments section, and what we'll try and do is if we can't get to them at real time, then we'll address them in subsequent episodes. So, you know, please, uh, by all means, we want to make sure we address any any questions, or elaborate on anything that we cover as much as we can, so feel free to, uh, to leave those in the comments section below. All right. So, first, let's talk about some common injuries to the the foot ankle complex and or the the lower leg. Uh, basically, we're talking about, you know, from the knee down. And, you know, Ken mentioned this, but, you know, the most common lower extremity injury in the athletic population is going to be an ankle sprain. And I guess, you know, because we have a wide array of professionals that are probably listening, just want to make sure that everyone's aware of the difference between a sprain and a strain. A sprain is going to refer to an injury or an overload to a ligament, whereas a strain is going to focus on muscle tissue or injuries to a muscular tenderness tissue. Ligaments relatively in elastic tissues, um, their primary job is to provide support and stability to the joints. They also control the position of the bones during joint movement. And they provide, a hydrograph appropriate sub to the point, uh, excuse me, appropriate sub to input or joint position sense to the central nervous system. So, ligaments, uh, origin receptors, and they provide information related to the position of the joint, and then the body can react and respond appropriately based on that feedback. Um, the most common ankle sprain is going to be what we refer to as a lateral ankle sprain. So, that's going to be, uh, you know, an injury to the lateral ligaments of the ankle, um, you know, most common injury by far and in, uh, and most prevalent in field and court, uh, base sports, uh, the, uh, the lateral ligament that's, that's often most injured is the ATFL or anterior tibial fibular ligament. Um, it's the weakest of the, the ligaments, lateral ligaments, and therefore it's, it's injured with the greatest prevalence. Um, some other things you have to consider with a lateral ankle sprain are, you know, bruising, potential bruising to the tailus, which may prolong some of the recovery time associated with an ankle sprain. Um, and then I think, as a release to what we're talking about in reconditioning and returning an athlete or a client to full performance is the longer term effects of, sorry, guys, my screen, uh, my screensaver came on, um, threw me off. The, one of the biggest things that we have to consider when it, when it comes to the, the long term effects of an ankle sprain is what we refer to as chronic ankle instability. So you'll often see the acronym C-A-I, um, chronic ankle instability occurs in, anywhere from 25 to 50% of the population when you look at general population as well as specific athletes, uh, for example, dancers if they spray in their ankles, a higher percentage of dancers who suffer ankle sprains or going to suffer from chronic ankle instability. That's something upper end about 50% and then general population might be, uh, closer to, you know, uh, 40% and then certain other athletes may be on the lower end of the spectrum around the 25%. So that's something that, uh, that you have to think about when you're developing a program to, to get a client or athlete fully backed and reconditioned, is that chronic ankle instability, uh, which will increase the susceptibility of, uh, repeat a recurrent ankle sprain. Um, let's see, the, um, medial, um, medial, uh, lateral ankle sprains, excuse me, is often referred to as an inversion sprain and then, you know, less common ankle sprain is going to be your medial, uh, medial ankle sprain, which is often referred to as an eversion sprain. Um, and then the final thing that you might hear about or final type that you might hear about is, is a high ankle sprain, which is also referred to as a syndismotic sprain. And really, that's an injury to the interacius ligaments between the tibia and the fibula. Um, usually it requires a longer recovery time and, um, you know, therefore may require a little longer, uh, immobilization and, um, your athlete or client may have, uh, greater difficulty with weight bearing or returning to weight bearing with a high ankle sprain. Um, but regardless of the type of sprain over time, as you start to recondition the client or the athlete, the approach that you would use is going to be very similar. Um, and that's, uh, that's a, that's a good thing. As we get into some of these other conditions or injuries, uh, in the foot ankle, um, the same to be said for those two, uh, is that the approach that you'll use, the things that you're looking for, um, from a range of motions, strength, and control perspective are all going to be very similar. And that's why we're kind of lumping all these things into, uh, into one session here. Uh, right. Can, can you have any, uh, any insights from your time? Um, um, obviously your extensive, time and collegiate athletics, uh, with a wide variety of athletes. I'm sure you saw this quite a lot. Uh, any hand you want to add? Yeah. Uh, I mean, the only thing that I'll add onto this is that, well, put it in context again to get somebody back from injury into competition or, or participation will say, is that, you know, for, for these, for these, um, these various types of injuries that you, you've, you've lifted off Tony is that if, if the person has gone through, let's say the typical, you know, sports medicine route and then back transitioning back and distraint conditioning, um, all of these things will have been brought to your attention. And if it's somebody that's, let's say a high school athlete, they maybe went to an athletic trainer, maybe saw their, um, primary care physician, and they've diagnosed it. So, you know, these are terms that you'll see in a sheet of paper that usually be brought to your attention by the time it comes to, um, you having to address it with your programming. So it does help. So if I know that, you know, if we've got, you know, this high ankle spring, we know we've got something that's, you know, that needs a little bit different attention, as far as the time it's going to take for somebody to come back. And again, that's all going to be individualized anyway. So I guess the, the, the big thought here is that, you know, you, the more information that you have as a fitness professional or strength conditioning coach, um, that the better decisions you can make, um, when it comes to creating a program. But again, going back into last week's session, we are talking about, you know, staying in your lane, scope of practice. If I somebody has gone through the medical side of, um, their rehabilitation process, I'll have my dues and don'ts. And then I can create my program there. So I know we're going to get into the assessments that we might use in the field. But, um, you know, as far as these injuries go, I'll let the athletic trainer or their physical therapist, a doctor tell me, okay, you know, what's the condition? Yeah, did their ankle turn nice pretty colors? And how is that part, you know, of the process coming along before, you know, we can move things long. There's physical therapists. That's okay. Got a little bit of swelling. Still have some discoloration, but we definitely need to get that ankle moving for them to still participate, you know, if we're looking at them participating for practice in a couple of weeks, uh, to try things out. So as far as, you know, the different sports go, whether it's, I mean, definitely saw a lot with, you know, gym, gym, gymness that I've worked with, but, you know, you'll have your typical soccer football, you know, definitely quite a bit there, because you have both contact non-contact, basketball, which is why I don't play basketball, not because I'm five eighth, but I always, I strain my ankle. I strain my ankle a lot, but from that vantage point, yeah, once, you know what you can, you cannot do. Um, then you can, then you can move on to your assessments that you use to help you make a decision on what should be done. And, and then program design based on what they can do without pain or discomfort, because again, that pain and discomfort, that's, that's usually outside of our scope. But we can use that information to help us decide what's working and what's not. Yeah, or if, you know, if you need to refer, refer back out to, uh, to the medical side, right, for sure. And, um, yeah, the other thing too about ankle sprains is they're typically a non-time loss injury, um, and that could be due to, maybe not being that serious, or because, um, maybe people, uh, the rehab or the reconditioning approach might be accelerated, um, and, uh, you know, the recurrence of ankle sprains is typically pretty common for someone wearing if the, you know, if it's viewed, maybe as a less significant injury than it, then it maybe is in, in some instances. So cool. Now that's, uh, awesome insight. And, um, I'd have to play it back. I can't recall, but I think I might have missed spoken, um, when I referred to the ATFL ligament. Um, it's, uh, the anterior, tailo fibular ligament. So there attaches the, the tailus to the fibula. I think I might as said, to be a femoral or urus uni, to be a fibular, um, ligament, which obviously is, uh, the tip fib joint, uh, distal tip fib joint down the ankle. So apologize, um, I can't play back right now. I don't know if, if that's what I said or not, but ATFL anterior tailo fibular ligament. Well, I was going to call you out on that later on, Tony. Yeah, here in Bleg, Tony, what do you do on the man? Um, but yeah, ATFL, we're going to have to be commonly injured, ligament there. Um, all right. So that, uh, that cover sprites common, very, very common. And, um, sorry, gang, my screen saver, I need to reset or adjust the settings on this thing. Turn that off, Tony. Uh, next, uh, we can talk about, uh, tendonopathy's, um, tendonopathy's typically, you know, they're, they're caused by overuse. Um, we'll talk about a couple things, uh, related to tendonopathy. Uh, typically, you might hear, uh, here of Achilles, tendonopathy. Also plantar fasciitis, uh, fasciosis, um, might be able to lump those kind of into the same category. Um, just so we're clear if you hear the term tendonitis or fasciitis,itis refers to acute inflammation of the tissue. So in the case of tendonitis, it's going to be acute inflammation of the tendon, uh, versus tendonosis when you hear oasis, um, that's going to be referring to more of a chronic condition where there's microtaring and a degeneration of the tissue over time. And how, those are a approach from a rehab, reconditioning perspective, are going to be a little bit different because you're dealing with two, two different and two distinct things. So tendonopathy could refer to either of those scenarios, tendonitis or tendonosis. So Achilles, plantar fascia, um, again, uh, we'll talk more about this when it comes to programming, but a lot of the, a lot of the issues seen there can be tied back to overuse, maybe too much volume, too much intensity, too soon, uh, or too frequently with, uh, with not enough recovery time. And then from a, you know, kind of a movement and kinetic chain perspective, when we look at factors that would influence those things, often we're dealing with, uh, an inability to control eccentric forces in the lower extremities. So as you perform, dynamic activities, running, jumping, cutting, et cetera, et cetera, it's an inability to control lower extremity pronation, uh, can really be tied back to a number of these things that we're talking about. And so, in the case of the Achilles, if there's a limitation and dorsiflexion range of motion, that's going to, uh, create compensations through the lower extremity and into the foot nangle, which could overload the Achilles, um, if there's a lack of proximal hip control hip strength, proximal stability, um, the athlete might be relying more on the lower extremity, uh, and the, the muscles and tissues in the lower body, uh, down here the foot nangle and lower leg to control, uh, either control forces during de-solaration or, uh, produce forces during acceleration. And then in the case of plant tar fasciitis and, and issues with the plant tar fascia, typically it's caused by an an overstretching of that tissue, uh, as seen in, in somebody that overpronates or lax the ability to control excessive pronation during, um, during functional activities and, and tasks. So, uh, can any, uh, anything you want to add there? Um, no, that's actually, really, sir. I was like, okay, I'll get talk about, and then you just, continue talking about, um, you know, just from, um, you know, that, especially with the plant tar fascia, you know, a lot of things going on with the bottom of the foot, especially when, you know, we just pass the, well, you know, the New Year's Resolution Crowd, um, and, you know, with a lot of people, trying to find a treadmill, trying to get, you know, onto a stairmaster or something like that, you know, and that's where I typically get a lot of, um, just general population coming in and talking about, you know, what's happening with their foot and ankle, um, as far as, you know, they're about another feet, you know, get sore, um, they have trouble walking, um, things like that, but also just, you know, when you talk about race season, I know that, you know, due to current situation, you know, races being canceled and not seeing that, but that's another thing as, you know, local half-marathons and marathon start popping up, you know, and where I live San Francisco, Oakland, you know, as you get closer to, um, race time, that's when you'll start to hear the complaints, um, as far as, you know, the pain and discomfort and things that they feel as they definitely escalate the amount of volume in their training and, you know, it's just, you know, it's just too much too fast, generally when these things start to pop up, but, you know, as we get into program design, we'll talk more about how to resolve those issues. Yeah, yeah, for sure. I know I'm guilty of that, uh, a timer to committing to a race half-marathon 10K, not really doing what needs to be done from a preparation and training standpoint, just jumping right in there, certainly feel the effects of that afterwards. Yeah, get off the couch, get off the couch, yeah, that's right, couch to a couch to 5K, couch to half marathon. Cool, uh, let's see, some other stuff you might encounter, muscle strains, so we talk about sprains, which are, uh, which have to do with the ligaments and strains are referring to muscle tissue. Strains can occur anywhere along the muscle tissue, whether it's in the muscle belly, the muscle tenderness junction or, uh, where the tendon attaches to the bone. Um, common one here in the lower extremity is going to be a calf strain. Um, calf strain, majority of calf strains occur in the medial gastroch, at the, the muscle tendon junction. And again, if we kind of think about this, we'll refer back to this quite a bit, and we'll definitely address this in a programming. But if you think about the mechanism behind a muscle strain, uh, typically a muscle strains going to be caused by, uh, the tissue getting forced to stretch too much. So it gets overstretched, and it can't control that or it's being asked to exert, um, force against too much resistance. And so when we think about the medial gastroch as a, as a particular example, if you're dealing with an individual who has a hard time controlling lower excessive lower extremity of pronation, that medial gastroch is going to be eccentrically overloaded, uh, quite a bit, as a result of that. And that's going to increase the, that increase the centric stress may increase the susceptibility to, to tarrying. So, um, calf strain, and then, uh, let's see another common one speaking of runners, um, and, you know, rampant things up too soon might be, you know, quote unquote, shin splints, um, you know, you've got your anterior anterior shin splints, and you also have your medial shin splints, uh, medial, uh, tibial stress syndrome is, uh, kind of the clinical term for that. Um, again, that's another overuse types scenario where you're going from relatively little to no training and activity to, uh, too much or too intense without enough recovery. And, uh, with respect to medial tibial stress syndrome, uh, often it, uh, it's the result of eccentric overload to the solace, and, uh, and or the posterior tib, as they work to decelerate lower extremity of pronation, uh, during functional movements. So, as you, let's, if we use running as an example, as the, um, as those muscles control eversion of the foot during foot strike, um, if there's over pronation or excessive pronation occurring rapidly, it's going to increase that eccentric stress to the tissue, and that's going to, uh, this going to lead to the inflammation pain and, and micro trauma to, uh, to those areas. So, uh, very, very common, but, uh, again, if you notice the theme here, a lot of this is related to the inability to control and decelerate forces, e-sentrically, uh, during, during activity. So, when it comes time to what you can do about this to help your clients re-condition and return to performance, that's going to be a key theme here. All right. And the one thing I do want to add here, you know, and the context of this, um, webinars, you know, the foot n ankle, but, you know, the one of the things that we can't forget, or if we don't understand it now, the concept that we need to understand is the regional and their dependence model. And that a lot of these dysfunctiones just closely related to what's happening at, you know, right above it at the hip too. So, when we talk about, you know, when it comes to, you know, heel strike or how our foot interacts with the ground, you know, a lot of that's going to be dependent upon how the hip is moving that leg into that next step or next stride. So, you know, if it's about foot placement, you know, we talk about e-versions, things like that, but, you know, again, something to also consider when we're talking about foot n ankle issues is that, you know, we have to take consideration, probably equal amount of consideration as well, to the hip, even though the foot n ankles, what's experiencing the injury, you know, the hip is one area that we also need to look at, but, well, we'll discuss that at another, at another webinar. Now, absolutely. No, and thanks for bringing that up, reiterating that. I think you'll see when we get into some of the specific strategies that the hip is going to be involved, because when it comes to decelerating force and the lower body, the glutes are a key component of that. And if the, the lumbar pelvic hip complex, if there's in good stability, if there are range of motion deficits that are affecting mechanics there, then that's going to transfer down to the, to the, to the knee and to the foot n ankle. So, you know, a great, great point. And, you know, really the approach that we're going to take with all these scenarios that we cover over the next number of weeks is, you know, this regional and herd of pendants or kinetic chain approach where you can't just focus on the side of injury, which, you know, maybe a consideration for the acute rehab phase, but as, as our rules and responsibilities translate into returning performance, we have to look at the body as an integrated unit and how everything is working together to help that individual perform optimally. So, great, great points. Ken, glad you glad you brought that up. So, let's see. Going back to our kind of our agenda and our topic points, I guess, you know, your client sustained a particular injury. They've gone through the rehab acute rehab phase, the ready to start progressing back into full performance and activities. You know, I guess we have to answer the question, what does full recovery mean? And that will certainly dictate the plan of action that's created. Full recovery for a general population client is going to be significantly different than full recovery for a collegiate athlete or a professional athlete and in some regards. Maybe not in terms of what they want to accomplish entirely, but maybe the timeline needed to get them there is going to be different. So, you know, generally speaking full recovery, you know, often means restoring full range of motion, stability strength, power, neuromuscular control and efficiency, also conditioning and endurance during sport and activities specific skills. So, you know, but that's where it'll be important to talk to the athlete, talk to the client. What is there? What is their definition of full recovery? I mean, maybe that differs from what a coach or another individual on the team. Maybe that's different than their perspective or their thoughts about what full recovery means. Exactly. And this is where, again, having that little roundtable discussion and, you know, having the medical professionals involved in the conversation, the coach, but also the athlete, you know, it's one of those things where, you know, you have, you have all these conversations about somebody, but not with somebody, you know, so understanding, you know, where the athlete needs to be, because I've seen plenty of, you know, more than a few athletes that, you know, we've discussed, you know, with the head coach, with the athletic trainer than myself, we're okay, we're talking and talking and talking about him, but, you know, and we've gone through the protocols and, you know, you know, three, four weeks go by and we're, we're hitting all our objectives and sticking to the plan, but then, you know, we, you know, failed, I guess from that standpoint, to actually talk with the athlete and what that means to them, like, you know, okay, yeah, I can, I can play, I'm participating, I'm still, I still got, I'm still on the roster, but it still hurts me when I do this, you know, so, you know, and then it has nothing to do with the sport, like, or like, you know, I can run, I can jump, I can change direction, but when I sit down for my class for more than 30 minutes, my, you know, I get this sore tenderness in the front of my head. So these are the things that, you know, have to be a part of the discussion, so again, it's easy to talk about the sport, but it's also just as easy to, to lose the person that, that's in the middle of the conversation. So when, again, to your point, full recovery from a physical, psychosocial perspective, you know, they have to be included in the process as well. So, like I said, they can hit all the markers, but, if there's something that hasn't been considered, then it may not, you know, may not be seen as a success by the, the main person that needs to consider a success, and that's the, that's the athlete or, you know, the participant in that, and that's sport. Yeah, no doubt, and that goes, it goes back to what we were talking about, offline regarding the confidence of the, the client in the athlete. You know, again, when it comes to functional testing and their ability to, you know, perform certain things, they're hitting other benchmarks and, and where they need to be, but if they lack the confidence in themselves to be able to perform on the court on the field, or there's some apprehension there for, because of fear of re-endry, then that isn't really a full recovery in my book and, and probably wouldn't be considered full recovery in their either. So, you know, that's, that's equally, if not most important outside of the physical attributes, but psychologically, where, where they at, and are they ready in that sense? Yeah, exactly. So, cool. Well, I think, now let's get into, well, what can you do from a re-conditioning and return to performance standpoint? You know, what are some things that can be done from a self-care perspective? So, if you give the, you know, the, the athlete or the client has to, has to be a part of this process. We just talked about, they need to take some responsibility for their, for their, for their, return to activity. And then, you know, what are some things that you can do as the trainer or the coach? And then, you know, again, we're, we're kind of talking about that bridge between, you know, full integration and into practice, strengthening, conditioning and competitive activities. As we go through some of these things, you know, we, we might highlight a few, a few things relative to some of the injuries that we discussed earlier. But again, when it comes to, when it comes to this process, we're really looking at it from a kinetic chain perspective, regional and our dependence perspective. And the goal should be to establish or re-establish dynamic neuromuscular control and neuromuscular efficiency. So, in, in the competitive environment, performing the activities that that they want to return to, what is their control look like at speed, multiple planes of motion, under similar demands that they'll encounter when they're performing their sport or activity. And, you know, neuromuscular efficiency that turns thrown around a lot in the NASM materials, but that's essentially just ensuring that all the right muscles are, are working together to be able to to control dynamically control e-centric forces on the body in all planes of motion, stabilizing against those, which then provides a solid platform to be able to produce force concentrically and accelerate forces. So, is everything working as it should, are they able to maintain proper alignment or all the right muscles firing in the right sequence with the right amount of force in order to accomplish the task without compensation. And, you know, that's, that's the goal is to get them there. Right. And, and I, you know, neuromuscular efficiency, it's just a, a fancy word for coordination, right? You know, you know, can they control their body? One of the, one of the things that I learned early on when it came to working with teams and, and, you know, in the strength conditioning field, is, is the fact that, you know, the, the other assistant strength coach David Zimba told me, and the words just pop in my, any time I work with an athlete, so if you can't control your body, you cannot control your opponent. So, if you, if you can't, if you can't control and command what you have, which is your own physical body, then how do you expect to impose your will on somebody else? Right. So, if you're playing a lot, a lot of contact and soccer, well, if I, if I'm a little floppy and Lucy Goosey around this mine and the hips and not to mention the ankles, then, you know, how can I expect to be able to push somebody or even hold my space against somebody else? Right. So, when we talk about, yeah, neuromuscular efficiency coordination, am I coordinated enough, like you're saying to any two, not just, you know, produce force that's just accelerate into a given direction, you know, whatever that direction may be, but can I stop? Can I decelerate? Can I, can I hold a spot, you know, especially when this force vector is coming at me? Can I hold my position? Again, I can't predict what direction somebody's going to come at me? Or how hard they're going to hit me? But, you know, what I can control is, okay, what can I do to train my ability to hold my place in space? So, there's, there's the ability to produce as well as reduce force and I think when it comes to return to performance, it's the ability to stop whether it's to stop your body or to stop somebody else's body and hold your place in space. So, that's the number one thing when it comes to coordination that I think a lot of us never learn or if we've learned that we don't apply it. So, yeah, when it comes to that hole, you know, can I coordinate my systems, my joints? Can I get everything synced up? You know, it synced up for what is the question? Right. So, again, when it comes to this reconditioning and returning back to competitive performance, I think one of the things you have to keep on the forefront of your mind when putting programs together is, okay, can this person just coordinate themselves and then coordinate it for a purpose? Yeah, for sure. I love it. That was such a profound statement and makes complete sense. And, you know, it's interesting because when you look at, since we're talking specifically about the foot and ankle, when you look at some of the, you know, fun, when you look at some of the progressions from an exercise standpoint, appropriate, effective exercise is used quite a bit in a foot-nankle rehab, standing on unsavable surfaces and re-engaging those receptors around the foot-nankle to be able to control the lower extremity. But you bring up a great point. And many sports, you also have to contend with contact in the upper body, right? So, if you have to contend with the forces, somebody's coming at you, that's going to create a different set of demands that you have to be able to control at the foot-nankle. So, when it comes to your instability training, proprioceptive training, directing that stimulus through, not just the foot-nankle, but through the other parts of the body is going to be really, really critical to that process. Right. And, you know, just as an example, I know we'll get into this. But even things like, you know, with that proprioceptive demand, I mean, just simply rotating your body, right? That's going to create a different proprioceptive input when it comes to how the foot-nankle are going to react. Now, even just the slight difference of having a lacrosse stick, right? So, if my hands have to be in a certain position to have both hands on the lacrosse stick, right, at a certain angle, if I'm running, typically, well, it's going to be up and over to the side. I have to be able to be able to run with my arms in a specific position, right, as my foot-nankle are doing different things. So, again, as we get into the programming side of things, I want to see that, okay, if their hands have to be in a certain position, is this a new novel or a foreign position for the foot-nankle to experience with the upper body to be shifted and turn this way. Right? So, whether that's rotated right with right hand above left or rotated left with left hand above right, those are all variations in the programming that, again, if I'm looking at a single-exquat, maybe I do a single-exquat, still hips level, shoulders level, but my hands are slightly repositioned. Again, just to re-acquate my foot-nankle to be in a position of challenge with then slight variation of what's happening above it. Yeah, changing that center of mass, center of gravity. That's awesome. You know, for the listeners, could you go through just an example? Let's say using a right-handed athlete, let's be able to cross-affle. What are some things that they would have to control? I guess it would be on the left side. So, what would you typically see if somebody is reaching? If they're reaching overhead into the right while they're standing on their left leg, what are the things that would be that you would be looking for? You would be trying to challenge in that sense. Well, some of the things I look for just, again, without any kind of contact, without any external force or perturbation, again, that's just something as simple as just tapping. Just offsetting or just stimulating the nervous system from that standpoint. It's just, you know, can they control? So, if they're rotated, again, if they, if they, if can they disassociate, can they just turn that upper spine or do they have to take the hips with them? Right. So, it's not a comment. Some of that's a little tight facilitated. They haven't been able to disassociate their hip, you know, have that left foot or left hip, external rotated while the, you know, while the hip is opening up to change direction, can they turn, can they, can they let one joint do one thing while the rest of the body does something else? Right? Or do they have to take something along for that, for that motion to happen? So, if they turn and then that left knee, if they turn to the right or further to the right, does that left knee collapse in? Does that foot collapse in? Does that, or can, are they strong enough do they have enough stability and integrity through that left hip and foot ankle to lead, let that foot stay open, let that knee, you know, hang out between the hip and the foot ankle, right? And a lot of times we can point at the groin for that, or if the foot ankle are, you know, just unstable and you have that, like you mentioned earlier, that over-pronation, and then you have that knee valgus to come along with it. And you think, for as many reps as they're going to do that, that knee is collapsing in the foot collapsing in, a lot of times excessively and for too long. So, what I'm looking for is can they, can they disassociate one segment of their body from the other? You know, at the same time, can they coordinate it? Yes, that's a version of coordination. Can they do a particular task while having their the stability and the strength of a respect or joint speak for itself? Is that that said, answer a question? So, I'm looking at another block. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a kinetic change line. Yeah, yeah, I'm sorry. Go ahead. I was just going to say with kinetic channel, I'm, that's why I'm looking at, and just generally, ears, shoulders, hips, knees and ankles, and do they show the compensations that we might look for in other assessments, like, excessive low back arch, you know, too much, you know, shifting of the lateral shift, right or left, hip drop, forward lean, can this guy run and not or, or even, past, you know, pastula crossball without, you know, excessive compensations as, as they might exhibit themselves. Again, sports and sports, that there's going to be things you're going to have to do to the body or the body, you know, to take different shapes and forms during performance, compared to what's in a controlled environment, you know, there's nothing around you, and I'm instructing you and telling you what to do. So, I leave the sports activity to the coaches. I'm not a sports coach for any kind of sport, but from, from just a physical command standpoint. That's what I'm not watching out for. So, if they're doing this, if they're rotating and but they have to arch their back to do it, I'm going to help, you know, I'm going to help them get better control of what's giving them that, that compensatory movement pattern. Yeah, for sure. Now, that, that was great. Yeah, I think, you know, part of part of my, my goal with that question was just to get the, get the listener to realize that, you know, as you reach to the right while on the left leg that, you know, you're going to have to control those, those lower extremity pronation forces, and that that's, you know, rotating in that way is going to create some of theatory movement through that lower extremity and that you have to take that into consideration when you're, when you're programming exercises, but also when you're monitoring your, your clients form and technique, you're given them cues as well as reassessing. So, that was, that was great. So, again, just generally, and we talked about kinetic chain approach, but you do have to focus while looking at the whole body as important. You do have to make sure that things are from an isolated standpoint around the area that was injured that you've restored isolated range of motion, strength, endurance, power to those, those tissues before, or while you're integrating all of that into a total body, you know, functional pattern or activity. Some of the things that we'll talk about are more, corrective exercise focused, where, you know, maybe more therapeutic, a little bit lower on the intensity scale, and then, you know, resting into, you know, more conditioning oriented activities that might, might more closely replicate what they have to do from a sport or activity perspective. Right. So, all right, cool. So, foot ankle. Oh, go ahead. Yep. I was going to say, I do want to say that, you know, when we talk about corrective exercise, and I'll be in the first admit, I've lost more clients than anything else, when you start talking about corrective exercise, because, you know, if I have a golfer, you know, if I have a 65 year old golfer, one comes to mind, you know, it's like, you know, I just want to play, right? I don't want to land the ground, and I don't want to do these 15 slow monotonous repetitions, even though they feel better, they'll admit they'll be feel better, but the aspect of corrective exercise and performance, this is where, again, you know, you and I Tony talked about this earlier, is that, you know, we have to get them to understand that this is the threshold you've got to walk through as far as getting back to sport. Not just a playing sport, but to help you become a the resilient athlete that you should be, because you I mean, for us to not go down this road again, you have to be stronger than where you were before you got hurt, right? So, you know, and it's because they don't like to do slow monotonous, you know, perceived as slow and monotonous work. They don't want to sit in the ground, they don't want to go inside someone's four walls, they just want to be out in the field. So, when it comes to the corrective exercise, I think when it comes to fitness professionals, we just have to communicate that, okay, this isn't the end all beyond, this is just something we have to do to help build stability, because strength is founded on stability, and then for what you do for for your sport, let's pick golf, which is a power sport, and power is built on strength. So, you're only as strong as you are stable, and you're only as powerful as you are strong. So, when it comes to the corrective exercise aspect, this is where again, back to communication, we have to be able to reiterate that, okay, this is something we're going to have to revisit, but we have to be here now to get us to that next level. Yeah, yeah, no doubt, hugely important. You've got to make sure that you're speaking in terms of a relevant to the person in front of you, so that they understand, you're aware and understand what their goals and aspirations are, and you're doing what needs to be done to get them there. Yeah, so when it comes to great points, when it comes to considerations for programming, you know, as you begin working with somebody, there may be some swelling and inflammation as a result of increased activity to you know, be aware of that. There are plenty of strategies that you can that you can implement to to deal with that, but if it gets to a point where, you know, there's some pain and soreness, some continued swelling and inflammation, then you know, you may have to rely on the other professionals in your network or as part of the team to address those things, because they're not within our scope. We talked about this earlier, range of motion. Ankle dorsy flexion is is one that you really want to focus on with the majority of these lower, lower extremity injuries to the foot nangle. A lack of ankle dorsy flexion is going to contribute to that inability to control pronation and may lead to excessive or prolonged pronation during functional activities. So restoring ankle dorsy flexion is going to be key. We can neglect planar flexion. So you can certainly address that and check that. And then when it comes to some of the other motions, ankle inversion ankle eversion, so making sure that you you've restored that. And then another one is me extension. So even though it's a measurement that you would do at the knee to assess hamstring extensibility, the lateral hamstring attaches to the the proximal aspect of the fibula and that fibula articulates with the the distal tibia to form the the tibio fibula joint. So what's going on? Approximately at the the tibio femoral, excuse me, if the proximal tib fib joints going to have a direct impact on the distal tib fib joint or the ankle. So as you dorsy flex as the foot moves and and accepts forces e centrally, there has to be certain motions that occur at that distal aspect of the tib fib joint. And if there's tightness or limits limitation and extensibility of that lateral hamstring that's pulling on the fibula, that's going to affect the that's going to affect the kinematics of the of the ankle joint. Secondary of that. So we want to look at knee extension and make sure that that's that's where it needs to be. And then from an isolated strength and stability standpoint, those local muscles around the foot, ankle eversion, inverters, um, dorsy flexors, the anterior tib, um, planar flexors, tibial rotators. So again, for looking at the the the the the the regional and our dependent approach, um, we want to make sure that, you know, again, if somebody is unable to control pronation and the lower extremity that's going to involve external rotation and an abduction of the tibia typically. So you need to make sure that the the tibial internal rotators are are strong and active and able to control that. While we have to look at the glutes, both in an open chain and closed chain can they control the lower extremity. And then the proximal core, um, is there is there stability there to be able to to allow the the lower extremity, uh, a solid foundation to to work from and control forces from. So, uh, foot intrinsic, you can't remember if I said that or not, but the the foot core, if you will, you want to make sure those guys are are where they need to be. Some other considerations too, just as it relates over pronation and the the ankle sprain, typically you want to an athlete experiences, uh, an inversion sprains and so is the most common, uh, sprains and common athletic one of the most common athletic injuries, uh, you might see, um, Cuba, the cuboid be affected. So as the as the ankle gets inverted, the pronation is longest is going to rapidly contract to try to control that and that can cause a displacement of the cuboid, which is going to, um, that can create pain and discomfort on the bottom of the foot, but it can also contribute to, um, to, to eversion of the of the mid foot. And so when, um, when you're looking at restoring foot ankle function, you have to, you have to be aware of some of those things from, uh, from a joint kinematics perspective, the calcania cuboid joint, um, the, again, the tubio fibular joint, both proxbly and distally, also the position of the tailus. So when you get an anterior, uh, or excuse me, when you get a lateral ankle sprain, the the tailus can be displaced anteriorly. And, um, you know, if, if you're doing things from a, uh, muscular standpoint, stretching, foam rolling, and you restore range of motion, um, there still may be some positional faults at some of those joints. So that's where the, again, the medical professional or the rehab professional can perform mobilizations and certain techniques to restore normal kinematics there to the joints, which is going to, uh, immediately impact how that foot ankle functions during exercise and, and during activity. So just some other things to consider, um, even though you're focusing on muscle strength and range of motion, and, um, and kinetic control and alignment, there may be some isolated things down at the foot ankle that you want to make sure you, uh, you head up to if, if you're not getting any outcomes that you expect. Right. And, and that's the other thing, give me, well, getting far as looking at your markers and the desired outcomes and whatever projected timeframes. Again, there's a lot of anatomy that you just spurred out there, Tony, but, uh, the one that, um, that goes into the, the idea that again, if you're a fitness professional, and some of these come to you because they want to get better at a sport or they want to return to a sport, you know, injury is part of their history or not, or maybe their assessments tell you that, you know, they're just, you know, you don't want to say that, okay, you're at a high risk of injury, um, because we're not in a place to, to say that, we just know that when there's compensated compensation patterns that have been exhibited, you know, that you're putting certain stresses on joints or you're not using your, your muscles as efficiently as they could, which can affect acceleration deceleration stabilization, but, you know, what really is the foundation for all of that is understanding your human anatomy and Tony's one of the best guys that that, that I know, as far as understanding functional anatomy, as far as the inner connected function of how muscles as we were, as you were just mentioning Tony with the lateral hand strength, how it connects to the proximal fibular, um, and which again connects down into the ankle. So first that, that's a big point that I'd glean from your explanation of how the joints are working together, but, um, again, whatever the markers are, just know that, um, you know, it all has to come, it all has to come together from, uh, from just a functional standpoint, you know, can can the person, can the person move, um, well, and without being, you know, with, with whatever it is that you're measuring. And again, the sneaky one in all that you mentioned, Tony was was the, uh, was a little extension with the hamstring. A lot of people don't look at what's happening at the knee to determine how well the foot ankle, or is working or can work, because that could be the one sneaky point as far as, well, why is this person improving, right, or why does this person keep getting injured at the foot ankle? Well, did you ever look at the knee, um, as far as what that can, what information that can provide to you, as far as which, you know, which muscles that need some, you know, a different integrative approach when it comes to the strengthening aspect. Yep, yeah, for sure, for sure, um, cool, uh, yeah, trying to think here, want to be mindful of our time. Um, when it comes, uh, when it comes down to kind of assessing, um, uh, assessing progress, uh, that's where your testing can come in, so you can do function testing, talk about range of motion, uh, specific to the foot ankle, you can do things like the best tests, balance error scoring system. We've got the star excursion balance test, which is basically, you know, a single like balance with a reach of the opposite leg in different planes. You got your transitional movement, uh, assessments, which can you mention, um, single leg squat in particular, uh, you can also do a lateral step down test where you're, uh, looking at the, the, the alignment of the, the lower extremity and kinetic change checkpoints. And then as you progress into more dynamic activities, you've got things like a shark skill test, which, um, you know, is probably more specific to an ASM than any anywhere else. I haven't really seen that assessment, um, in too many places, but that's a great assessment to assess lower extremity, uh, uh, agility, reactive control and alignment, uh, and it provides you some objective data to compare the affected side with the non-affected side, right, and then there's a variety of other tests that you could, uh, that you could throw in there too, based on the sport, um, and what, uh, what that full recovery looks like, uh, and I'll never let you go ahead. Go ahead. Oh, just with, with the shark skill test, um, you know, that's been one that I've used on different levels. So for those of you that don't know what a shark skill test is basically, it's at three way three grid. So nine boxes and the way it's performed is it's a single leg hop, uh, going if you, if you figure the boxes are numbered one, two, three across the top, four, five, six across the middle with the number five being the center box and then seven, eight, nine, you're just timing health ass to take you to finish a single leg hop from, let's say, top left, back to center, forward, back to center, until you've finished all the boxes and then land back on the middle box. So as we've performed it and, um, you know, a great agility, assessment, you know, looking at, okay, well, going back into the left, I see that your little sticky there compared to going forward into the right and, you know, just take a leg, you know, so you can look at it quantitatively just from a timing standpoint, but also qualitatively, as far as which, which direction, um, you may show a falter and again, out of those that you listed all great, but the shark skill winds it being my, my, my go-to from, from that standpoint, because I'm looking at you from multiple directions, but the other thing is that it can be scaled, right? So I've taken, you know, a client that same client that 65 years old in my, in my head, I can have them walk, you know, so take a, you know, left foot, you know, have two feet in each box and I can look at, you know, their ability to confidently go, you know, forward, forward lateral, lateral, backward, backward lateral, um, in those directions. So, so taking that, what we could do is a single leg hop to a two leg, you know, jump, you know, back and forth, or even scaled back even further into a walking, walking pace for those that, you know, they're not looking for, you know, elevated high speed, single leg work, but, you know, just the fact that some people just going backwards at any direction, right? Maybe maybe, maybe an issue, right? So someone's playing, you know, if it's a senior softball league, you know, can they run backwards if there's a pop up over their head, you know, those are the things that, you know, you want to look at, you know, as far as building up their confidence or using assessment to look at their confidence and going in different directions. So, I'll all grade assessments, I'll, I'll, you know, all practical, but the shark skill I'll say is the most robust as far as what it offers you and the information that you can use to create a program. Yeah, fantastic. I love it. Great stuff. Cool. Well, I think before we get into some of the specific strategies, the last thing and I know we piloted this is ultimately the goal is to reestablish and build, build upon reactive neuromuscular control and dynamics stability. And so when we get into some of the exercises, you know, it'll be important to leverage the principle of overload, progressive overload and the darnspring savory again. Sorry, gang. And, you know, you want to be progressive in your programming. And so, you know, just some key things to keep in mind, I'll probably echo this in subsequent episodes and, you know, movement complexity demand. You want to make sure that you're, you know, starting with simple exercises and, and then progressing in more complex patterns, proprioceptive demand, more stable environment to a less stable environment, predictability. So, you know, doing things at the athlete knows what to expect into a less predictable environment. Speed of movement demand, slower speeds to progressively faster planes of motion. Sajital playing in front all transverse playing. You know, most, most individuals are going to have the most control in the sagital plane, followed by frontal plane, followed by transverse planes. You have to make sure you address all that. And then the muscle, muscle action spectrum, eccentric, isometric and concentric. And that's one of the great things about the correct of exercise continuum, which is going to, you know, be a key component here is that the, the exercises in the activation step and integration step are done at slower tempos, where the, the focus is largely on the eccentric and isometric elements of the pattern. And those are going to be really, really important and beneficial to a lot of these conditions or injuries that that you might encounter, particularly the foot and ankle, but also as we get into other parts of the body. So, you know, eccentric, focusing on eccentric stimulus to the tissues, the ability to asymmetrically stabilize in different positions and at different tissue lengths is going to, is going to be really beneficial and has been shown to be very impactful when it comes to coming back from some of these things. And then we talked about this as well, clients, psychology and competence in their ability to do these exercises that you're asking them to do. Right. You have to make sure that you reaffirm that they're good. You know, everything that you see indicates that they should be able to complete the, complete the exercise that you're asking them without cause for concern and just be able to reinforce that to build them up and, and aid in that process along the way. Right. And, and getting back to your you know, your, your, your progressions and, you know, one of the things that, you know, helps make your job easier as a, you know, as a rehab coordinator or rehabilitation specialist or personal trainer is if you take out a sheet and if I look at something as simple as just a single leg balance, you can draw out four weeks worth of programming. And this is where code, this is what coaches love. And if you're, if you want more referrals from a medical professional physical therapist, you know, physical therapist doctors, they love, you know, they'd love to send people, especially injured clients or patients to, you know, fitness professionals, which is they don't know anybody. And the ones that they do know, they may or may not have had a good experience. So one of the ways you build a case for for building up that referral vantage point is come up with a plan right. So if you have that single leg squat, so maybe week one single leg squat, you know, you know, with a forward and backward reach single leg squat, you know, this is day two, single leg squat with a lateral reach single leg squat with a, with a rotation in the transverse plane. And then maybe we too, it's a single leg squat with the lacrosse stick or whatever importantly, it could be a tennis racket, whatever it is that they're having. So, so a single leg squat with the racket in their hand or a single leg squat with a little torso rotation to the opposite side. So there'd be then you can segment the movement. So it's single leg squat, then and then once they stand up at the rotation. And then week three is now you have the single leg squat with rotation, right? So then you can progressively create this plan whether or not you do it or not you get to that point where it's appropriate because some people may be like, you know, this is too easy. Well, at least you have, okay, here's the next step. We were week ahead of schedule, but again, part of keeping the athlete engaged in this whole, you know, return to performance. Phase is, you know, you gotta keep them stimulated. And again, whatever they're doing has to look and smell like the sport that they're playing. So again, working on foot and ankle dynamics with, you know, the squatting motion, you know, putting a football in their hand, a tennis racket, a baseball, a bat in their hand. If you can some way figure out how to integrate their activity back into this process, it makes it feel less like corrective exercise and more like the sport that they're playing in. So again, progressive programming does require a little bit of creativity and that's just going to be based on your conversations with the athlete, but also, the imagination that you have to bring to the table. Yeah, fantastic, love it. And, you know, that that also shows the athlete that you have a plan for them that you, you care about the, you care about where they end up and, and you care about what happens to them in this process. I think, right. You know, of had a number of clients who have worked with a variety of different professionals and UVNAs, and maybe maybe you wouldn't, maybe it, maybe it shouldn't be as much of a surprise as it is at the collegiate or professional level where there was no plan in place. Right. Right. You know, to the athlete that doesn't instill a lot of confidence in the individuals that are helping them. So whether you stick 100% to that plan or not is, is beside the point, the fact that you've taken the time to lay that out, you've given some thought to it. Right. You've reviewed that with the athlete, asked for their input, tried to, you know, incorporate things that would enhance their engagement and buy-in. That, that's what we volumes to the athlete and, and they're more likely to buy-in when you do that. Yeah. And I've had personal experience where they've gone back for the reevaluation with their respective physical therapists or even their, their surgeon. And if they go there and they're like, yeah, these, these sessions, you know, feeling good and feeling strong, you know, they just, it's, it's that glimmer in their eyes. It's, it's that the fact that they're excited about the process and whatever you can do to facilitate that through your programming again, it's creative as it can be, you know, you have to do it because then once that physical therapist sees that you're one, you're planned out and you've thought about it, you've been considerate of the whole situation. But, you know, for two is that you, you know what session one, two and three, a week one, session one, two and three a week two, you know what that looks like and, and the fact that you, you're communicating that and getting that information out there with the athlete, as well as with the medical professional, that's, that's going to be how you build your business. If this is where you want to create your niche when it comes to client management. Yep, no doubt. Great points. So with that, Ken, let's kind of finish up, I guess. We've talked about a lot of stuff. We have to talk about the actual strategies and programming. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So when it comes to, when it comes to the actual programming in this sense, you know, we are going to leverage the NSM corrective exercise continuum for our framework, where, you know, for those of you who aren't entirely familiar or maybe not familiar at all, the corrective exercise continuum is a force that process the consists of, you know, the first that being inhibit and we're going to utilize different techniques and tools to relax or decrease overactivity in certain tissues that and, and muscles that may contribute to a faulty movement pattern. The second step is what we call lengthen, where you're going to incorporate stretching techniques or flexibility techniques that enhance the extensibility of the target muscles. So the goal with these first two steps is to restore or, and or enhance available range of motion. And that's going to set you up for greater success in the next two steps, which are activation. So once you've improved or enhanced the ability for the joint to move through range of motion, then you want to re-train or develop greater muscular control through that range of motion. So activation is going to be done on muscles that have been identified as as being relatively underactive that might be allowing a particular faulty movement to take place. So you're going to do specific exercises and techniques to re-engage those tissues. And you're going to work those through that new range of motion that you've attained from the the previous two steps with the flexibility techniques. So inhibit lengthen and activate or, you know, strengthen if you will, inhibit lengthen, strengthen. And then the final step is what we call integration where, you know, you've restored range of motion locally to select joints. You've developed isolated strength around those joints and control through those specific ranges of motion. Now we want to integrate that into more functional pattern, more functional body position where the joints that you just impacted locally have to work in coordination with the joints above and below it and in a variety of different environments. And so that integration step is extremely important. And then with maybe as a a subsidiary or kind of another component to the integration step is, you know, making sure that whatever you do from an integration standpoint is progressive and kind of replicates from a performance perspective what they have to do on the court or in the the sport that they're trying to return to. So that may be specific drills where you're challenging speed, agility, quickness and and other attributes to get the body to respond and perform in an environment that's specific to that person's activity. Did I explain that okay, Ken? You explained it more than okay. And this is the thing about the, you know, when you're working with somebody from a, from a, I guess, a reintegration into sport standpoint is that it's, you know, first of all, you know, you got to get them out of the mindset of sport specific training where you get a human specific training. So we have to look at human movement science and, you know, this is what, you know, it helps facilitate better movement and not just at the side of injury in this case is the footnacle but also how the whole body, you know, how we retich the body, how to use this new updated upgraded, you know, area, which is, you know, again, we go from a position of compromise to to enhance movement. So even, you know, and you've seen it, Tony, you get four degrees better ankle door seat flexion on somebody. Sometimes that's, I mean, that's enough to make. Man, that feels awesome, right? So, so now you have to teach that, and I guess this is the other part is that, you know, the reason why there's four steps, right? And hip-it length and strength in and integrate is because it takes all four steps to work together to keep what you work for. So when you talk about optimized, you know, range of motion, you know, can we get the muscle that, that the local area to relax enough that we can get some length and then we have to retich and strengthen it up, you know, to use that new range of motion. So, and this is the number one thing when it comes to the whole recovery strategy is, you know, can you keep it? Because how many times have you heard like, I stretch and I stretch and I foam roll and I foam roll, but I still get tight. All right. I'm still getting this little, this little pinch or whatever. It's like, well, did you, did you do everything at Toldjee when I say everything at Toldjee I met all four steps? Like, no, I just had time to foam roll. And I foam rolled my whole body. Well, instead of foam rolling my whole body, once you take quarter that time to foam roll and then spend the other three quarters of that time to get a little bit of a stretch, get some strengthening in there and then a single leg, something to put it all together. That's, that's the importance of having all four steps put together because it's not just about flexibility, flexibility and of itself is, is nothing. If anything, it puts in, in harm's way more because you've got all this range of motion that your brain does not know how to control, right? Yeah. And it's the rest of yeah that every other player on the, on the team doesn't know how to play with you, you know, that's, that's the, that's a big part of it. So putting it all in one lump sum as far as that goes, is, is the biggest teach when it comes to, you know, this kind of sideline type of training. Yep, yep, absolutely. So let's talk through those four steps a little bit. You know, from an inhibitory standpoint, you know, what are the areas that that we would want to focus on with, with an athlete coming back from a footnacle situation? Yeah, the, you know, the biggest thing I mean when you, when you look at all the areas that we, all the muscles that you talked about, you know, and the biggest part is the, you know, the calf complex because of what it can do to affect the knee above it, but also how it connects into the calcaneus and then into the mouth, that extends down into the, into the, into the plantar fascicers. So there's, you know, there's a lot to be said for what's happening behind the leg, as far as it affects what's going on, you know, below it at the ankle and the foot. So the calf is one of the bigger parts to hit, but, you know, when we talked about plantar fasciatists through the, we talked about an hour ago, helping offsets of the tension down there. Don't remind about how long we've been on here. If you're still here with us, you know, you're, you're, you're at the rate of 200 to 2 parts. I do. But from that standpoint, we just getting the inhibitory process going and, and again, when we talk about tools, you know, one of the footnotes I've kind of jotted down here, you know, between, you know, the foam roller, you have, you know, old school, you know, lacrosse ball, golf ball, but, you know, with technology as it's been these last few years now, when you talk about the vibration percussion, implemented into your tool, you mean, my clients have, you know, definitely made the investments in themselves, as far as how, how do you maximize the inhibitory process and get the muscles to relax? So, you know, you know, getting the right tool for the right job to get the muscles to relax is it's going to be one of the things that they're going to have to spend some time on, but the back of the leg, bottom of the foot, for the most part, but, you know, whatever feels good. When you, you know, let's say if you get the hypervolt out, boom, get that on there, get that area to relax. Yep, yep, no doubt. So, so inhibit calf complex, maybe focus quite a bit on the lateral aspect of the, of the gastroch, very much. Yeah. So, Olius, biceps for Morris, as we talked about, you know, even though it affects knee, the knee joint mechanics that's also going to affect the foot ankle mechanics by way of the fibula, rolling the plantar fascia. You know, you know, you know, I'm glad you mentioned it across ball or, you know, some other type of firm ball, with with respect to the plantar fascia, you know, that's an area that people tend to go really aggressive with, that may not be ideal. You know, necessarily have to go super aggressive. You can certainly focus on areas of discomfort and tenderness, but you don't need a ton of pressure into that region in order to experience some great outcomes. Oftentimes, just, you know, getting fluid moving through that tissue is going to be really impactful. And that's where vibration and percussion and some of the newer tools can really be beneficial. And then, you know, depending on the specific scenario, focusing on the fibula-era's muscles or pronial muscle lateral aspect of the lower leg may be, maybe warranted to permanent habitatory standpoint. Cool. From a lengthening standpoint, basically, we would kind of focus on the same areas, right? Is that? Yeah. And, you know, so when you talk about the lateral gastroxolious complex, the one thing that I'll say there again, you know, we can be can list out a bunch of stretches, you know, we can, you know, do a stretch for the short-headed biceps for more, you know, working on that lateral hamstring as it affects, like, everything that you're saying with how the fibula interacts with the foot-naked, but what I want to say with the lateral gastroxolious complex, you know, it's basically the lateral calf stretch is that, you know, position is going to play a big part of how you emphasize the stretch in this case. So, you know, doing the best you can to maintain, you know, sub-tale-neutral, a little bit of internal rotation, you know, activation of the hips getting that little posterior, a little squeeze in the glutes, squeeze in the quads, making sure that the beneath extended, the hip is extended and that the heel is on the ground, because the one thing about that stretch, as much benefit as that stretch is going to give you, if it's not performed correctly, it's, you're not going to maximize it. If anything, you're going to you're going to reinforce the compensation that goes along with that particular stretch. So, to tap on a couple times the importance of the lateral gastroxolious, you know, with multiple compensation patterns, the technique is what's going to be the important part of that. Yeah, no, Gary points. And I guess, I don't know if I mentioned this or if we specified this, but typically in this second step for the lengthening strategy, we're going to utilize static flexibility techniques. Yes. You know, if you're doing something with the client, you could certainly do a partner assisted stretching technique, like a neuromuscular stretch or, you know, enough stretching, but for the athlete or the client for their homework or their self-self let over and group, they're going to be doing a static stretching technique. Right. Yep. And if you're, you know, you get personal trainer again, unless you have the licensure or the education in the training to put your hands on somebody, don't do it, because it just takes that one time for something to go wrong that, you know, you can find yourself doing something else for a career. Yeah. But just, but from the other standpoint, we talk about homework. You know, when it comes to athletes, I take a very hands-off approach, you know, despite my background, I'll, because if I'm doing it for them, they decrease the opportunity for them to learn to do it for themselves. So verbal-quewing, visual-quewing, whatever I need to do to get them to be able to do this and execute on their own. Any opportunity you have to do that, do that because they're not going to have your eyes on them, you know, every time that you want them to do it, which is, you know, before and after work out, maybe after they've been sit behind a desk or after a long drive, things like that. So, or, during, if they're on the sideline during practice, you know, if they can take these opportunities to perform these static stretches from a corrective standpoint, yeah, find the opportunities to teach them to do these stretches or exercises on their own with, with good form. Yeah, yeah, for sure. So, Mike's take away there into exercise and so that third step, the strength and step or in the CES continuum, corrective exercise, continuum, it's referred to as activate, where you use isolated strengthening techniques. What do we want to focus on in that particular aspect of the program? Oh, this, and this is, this is the hardest part for a lot of athletes to do because this one, it's, it's a long time, low intensity, usually body weight, but long time under tension. So, when we talk about tempo, especially from a corrective exercise standpoint, it's going to be something along the lines of 422321 with that first number being the e-centric, second number being isometric, and then that third number being the concentric. So, if it's a 42210th O, something that's very slow on the eccentric, and you're, you know, seemingly a long time for the isometric, because you have to hold that short and position for a couple seconds, right? But let's say if it's a single leg, calf raise or just calf raise with a slight internal rotation of the feet to emphasize the strengthening of the medial fibers of the gastroch. So, that's your standing up, extending up, pushing the toes into the ground. Again, trying to do the best you can to keep more of a neutral position at the ankle. So, you're going to come up, hold for a couple seconds, and then you're going to slowly lower yourself to the ground. So, again, most injuries do happen in the lengthening or the eccentric phase. So, that's where we need to build up strength and stamina is in that eccentric portion of that contraction spectrum. So, slow, long, slow, time-under tension with special emphasis on the lengthening of that particular muscle. So, the one muscle or the one exercise that I'm picking for this is that calf raise with emphasis on the medial fibers of the gastroch. So, up, hold, and then superduper slow on the way down. Yeah, and you mentioned eccentric, eccentric. Typically, that isometric contraction is performed in the shortened range of motion, but you could also do it in the lengthened position as well as that foot for grasses. So, in the case of the calf raise, you could have them hold in the shortened position when they're up on their toes. And then as they slowly lower back down to the start, you could also have them hold in the eccentricly loaded position as well. And that could provide some great stimulus and stress through this process. So, you could have them do one or the other progress from that shortened position to the lengthened or you could do both, I guess, right? You could have them hold it at both positions. Right. They'll really love you then. Keep them wanting more. Yeah. Cool. So, single leg calf raise with toes turned in. What other areas do we want to address? Would you do like anterior tibialis potentially reinforce that range of motion and control through dorsiflection and inversion. That single leg calf raise with toes in emphasizing the medial fibers of the gastrochips. That's going to reinforce inversion of the foot at well. And then what else? How about up at the hip? They're glued. I mean, because again, when we talk about, again, from an athletic endeavor, top of triple flexion, and we have to talk about triple extension. So, again, when it comes to pushing off changing direction, if the foot, the knees extended, foot, foot, you know, plant our flex and you're extended at the hip. So, when it's going to be short and it's most, when you're trying to drive that power, it's going to come from the hip. So, and that's where, again, going back to that calf raise, getting that triple extension. So, if they're holding on to a bar and they're elevating themselves, pushing those toes into the ground, not only are they plant our flexing, but they're also extending, getting that hip extension in there. So, you know, basic glued exercises as well. Again, we'll talk about that at the next, well, when we talk, when we discuss the hip, but again, yeah, the knee right. Yeah, it's an amenity. Yeah, and the shoulder. Yeah. Glutes. Yeah. Love the glutes. Yeah. You can't keep that out of the conversation, any conversation really. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, proximal stability, looking at glutes, remember, many of the things that we talked about stem from the inability to decelerate over pronation. And so, the glutes and the muscles of the hip are going to be key players in that. So, making sure the glute mediaists and in glute mats are getting some love is going to be important. And you can certainly do isolated work for that, whether that's, you know, sideline leg raises, mini band exercises, hip extension, quadruped stuff. I mean, the skies, the limit. Yeah, exactly. You alluded to this earlier, just by talking about, through talking through the exercise, but the focus on, you know, precision execution is going to be key with these activation and strengthening exercises. So, have a client do whatever they can through a range of any range of motion, full available range of motion without compensation or pain and discomfort. Right. And then, in the case of foot and ankle, what are some integration and performance type drills that you would follow up with once we've done our activation and strengthening? Yeah, I like to do things like, you know, single leg, single leg work, single leg marches, to where if I'm standing on one leg, I'm got them, you know, in like a, a sprint pose. So, if I'm on my standing on my right leg and my left, my left knees up, I'm going to have my right hand up just like if they were driving in there that left foot, you're ready to hit the ground. And I'll just have them stand on that right foot and then they'll just tap the foot on the ground and then they'll come right back up again. So, all the while they're balancing on that right leg, but I'll integrate that little step and balance, right, hold for a couple seconds, step and balance. So, what has to happen with that right leg, essentially in that right foot, and ankle, they have, it has to control that shift, that change in the center of gravity plus, and now you have, now you're integrating, you know, a shoulder swing into the, into the mix. So, again, just to take a little bit farther than where I would take this irregular, you know, somebody that doesn't have, you know, a sports performance goal, where I might just have them stand on a single leg and you know, do a little reach here. I'm just going to be more progressive and adding an upper body motion. So, if it's a runner, I'm going to have them start integrating again, emphasizing a tall spine, good shoulder swing, right, and a quick tap of that foot and right back up, and then incorporating that coordination between the upper and the lower body, all the while, that right hip, right foot, ankle has to respond to everything else that's happening in the body. Yep, fantastic. Yeah. Cool. Yeah, and you, you had mentioned some other exercises to single leg balance with a reach, also any exercise for those of you who utilize the OBT model in training programs with clients, you know, basically any upper body movement pattern while standing on a single leg can help drive forces through the lower extremity and into the foot and ankle complex. So, you know, think of this in terms of, you know, progression and through the course of an entire training session, if you're trying to reinforce what happens at that foot, ankle complex, you can take that to to every single exercise that that you program, particularly if you have a client that's in that phase, one stabilization endurance phase of training. So, you know, whether it's a chest press on one leg, if you're doing a four exercise, a cable rotation, rowing patterns, lower extremity exercises, shoulder exercises, yeah, you can challenge that lower extremity during the course. Yeah, and one thing that I used to do is especially with football, you know, because, you know, the power lifting exercises are king, right? So, to get somebody, let's say if I progress them to a strength endurance phase, where you have a strength exercise superset it with a stability exercise, you know, they love their bench, they they, you know, it's about what you can bench, right? So, if I'm having somebody bench press and I superset that with a ball push up, just to keep, you know, give them what they want, which is okay, I need my upper body strength, but to sneak in a little bit of what they need, what they actually need, you know, what they want versus what they need, I can have them in that ball push up position, I can have them kind of rock back and get that little dorsy flexion and then creep into a little plantar flexion to where they're now, shoulders above the ball, they'll do them push up and they'll kind of rock back and then they'll do their push up. So, it's, you know, just adding a little pause, I mean, two benefits of that, a little bit more dynamic stability for their upper body, which is what they, you know, what they need, but to sneak in that little reconditioning, I can get that little ankle movement while they're, again, dynamically stabilizing on that ball. So, again, however you can, yeah, however you can sneak it in, again, he thinks he's doing enough for body exercise. I know he's doing the upper body exercise, but I'm sneaking in that foot ankle complex right along with it. Love it, love it, yeah. Cool. Well, anything else from Ferrari on a standpoint, performance drills, that you would, that you would, yeah, I mean, yeah, we could, we can talk for another, yeah, on a half on this, but, I'll grab you just, I'm just going to love us. Yeah, he is, but from the standpoint of, okay, what else can we sneak in there? Just, just adding, you know, you take your traditional drills, you take your speed ladder, you can have a forecone drill, and instead of going the, okay, run forward, lateral, lateral shuffle, backward shuffle, lateral shuffle to the left, add a pause or add a balance at the cones, right? Since, yeah, you can, you can shorten the distance, you go instead of a 10 foot square with a cones, make it a five foot square, increase the number of repetitions so that you can cover two laps, but you've integrated instead of four stops, four cones, you decrease the, the position of the cones by half, you get the same distance, but you add twice as many stops, and it's the deceleration that's going to, the deceleration training that's going to help them learn how to stop and control. So instead of just going, you know, go 50%, go 75%, go 100%, it kills me when I hear that. It's like, add in other things, stop balance, hold for two seconds, and then transition, stop hold two seconds, and then transition. So you're sneaking in some balance works and that isometric stabilization, and it doesn't have to be hard. You take what you already know, but just pause, at, it's an opportunity to take that with a speed ladder. You go zigzags in and out, pause, you know, you're going lateral, you know, lateral in and out. So foot goes in the square, balance on that outside foot, transition back, both feet in the square, balance for two seconds, and then come back, come back the other way and you do that over, you know, you know, five feet, you're, you're athlete, if they're in that true reconditioning, they're going to be taxed, they're going to feel it. They're going to come comment on how their foot feels because it's, it's traditionally something that they haven't done before, but that's what we're trying to build into them is that strength and integrity that they were missing to begin with, that possibly contributed to how they got injured. So again, when it comes to return to performance, I want you to be stronger than you were before you got hurt, because it was that level of strength that allowed you to be in a position to, to incur more stress than what your body was able to handle. Yeah, yeah, I love it. Great, great options. It takes a simple, you know, multi-planer hop, you use stabilization to the next level, makes it a little bit more exciting and interactive, which is, which is awesome. So cool. Well, gosh, I think that's enough. Yeah, that's perfect. Yeah. That's enough. Yeah, I really enjoyed this. Can we're forward to doing the do-in-the-rest of these, but, you know, thanks so much for all the, for all of you who who listen, stayed on board for the whole thing. I hope you came away with some some valuable nuggets and insights that you can integrate into your programming with clients, particularly around foot-nank or reconditioning. As mentioned at the top of the, the episode, if you have any specific questions, comments, feel free to leave them below, and we'll make sure to address them in our subsequent episodes. So with that, hope everyone stays safe, healthy, and takes care. Until next time, Ken, thanks so much, buddy. Thank you, Tony. All right, talk to you guys soon. Bye.

=== FILE: Return to Performance Programming Knees [CVMkWeHebKQ].txt ===

Hello everyone. Welcome to episode three in our return to performance programming series. My name is Tony Amblar Wright and I'm joined by my friend and colleague Ken Miller. Ken, how you doing, buddy? I am good, Tony, how you doing, bud? Doing fantastic, thanks. Yeah. I'm excited to get back on the line with you and talk about some return to performance programming. Yeah. So for those of you who joined us last week, we discussed return to performance programming for the footnankle complex in this episode. We're going to focus on the knee. And basically what we'll do is we'll follow a similar format to what we did last week where we'll discuss some common knee injuries. We'll discuss, you know, what does full recovery actually mean? What does the goal? And then we'll spend our hope is to spend the majority of the time discussing programming options for individuals who are coming back from knee injuries. And then prior to getting into all that though, we will address some questions that we received from last week's episode. And on that note, if any questions arise as you guys are tuning in, please feel free to leave them in the comment section below. And if we can't address them in real time, we'll address them in subsequent episodes. So with that, Ken, you have anything you want to touch on before we get going? I believe we had a question. If we're going to address questions right now on foot orthotics. Right? Yeah. Whereas the first four orthotics go, just to touch on that, it's one of those things where if someone needs it to feel better and they move better, they feel a significant difference in how they feel, not just the foot and ankle, but also the knee and or the hip by changing the mechanics of the foot. And if the orthotics help with better foot positioning, so with every step, every stride that they take, whether they're walking, running, and jogging, then by all means, it's one of those things that if it's already in the play, if it's already in play and in the picture, then keep on going with it. But when it comes to program design, when I'm working with somebody, and I look at their shoe, one of the things I do is I look at the bottom of the shoe, I look at where patterns, maybe one foot interacting with the ground a little bit differently than the other. But I'll also ask if they've gotten an insert in their shoe or whatever footwear that they're using under day to day. And a lot of times they'll volunteer that, yeah, I do have something that does help out. But I'm going to take that into consideration and look at the assessments that I use for what's happening, the feet turning out and knees come in, low back arch, whatever comes up from the assessment. And I'll see if there's another way to get the body to move better without the help of the orthotic. But if there are things happening with the foot, let's say a real foot arch collapse during gate, those are the things that I'll try and address during their strengthening program. But there are times when I'll have to refer out to a podiatrist or a physical therapy as far as what's happening at the foot that I don't have the scope of practice to address at that point in time. So I'm for it if it helps and if it helps with our workouts and how we do other things especially with performance. But if there is something that can be done and implemented from a corrective exercise or a strengthening strategy, I'll look at ways to strengthen the deficits that might be contributing to why somebody thinks they might need an orthotic. Right on. Perfect. I agree. Oh, heartedly. So I don't have much else to add there. Makes work. Makes work. Yeah. Yeah. I think that was the only question we got related to the foot and ankle was on the orthotic. But certainly if anything else comes up, feel free to continue to ask. So let's get into the knee. So first thing we'll cover is just what are some of the common injuries that you may encounter or what are some of the common injuries that clients may be coming back from that you might encounter, whether you're working more in the performance sector or fitness environment. Very common to see anterior knee pain. So the teller tendon opathy is also known as jumpers knee. So individuals who are involved in a lot of jumping, cutting activities where they have to deselerate quickly may experience anterior knee pain and stress increase stress to that the teller tendon. In the youth athlete, something that you might encounter which is very similar is as good slatters, where basically there's inflammation to the area where the teller tendon attaches to the tibia. And typically when you're looking at the youth athlete, that Ausjgis slatters is more of a repetitive stress and overuse type of injury that can resolve over time. But there are different ways to handle that. which we'll get into when we discuss the programming. Let's see, Patel of the Moral Payne Syndrome really common one, where there's a malalignment or tracking issue with the Patelah and how it interacts with the with the femur and the Tibia and that creates, creates stress underneath the kneecap that leads to pain and inflammation. IT band friction syndrome is another one that's that's pretty common. And then when we look at some of the other structures of the knee, you might see things like meniscal tears. And there's some differences there. You've got acute meniscal tears, which are caused by some sort of incident. And then there's also degenerative changes that can occur to a menuschus to the menuschia over time. And so when you look at individuals, even starting as young as 40 years of age on up, it's very common for individuals to have some sort of degenerative tears or changes to the menuschia. And many times there are asymptomatic and people wouldn't even know they were there. But it is common to see that. And then probably the biggest elephant in the room and the one, the thing that most people are concerned with is it relates to the knee is ligament to injury. And for example, ACL, anterior trushate ligament injury being the one that everybody's concerned with. And really that can create the most problems not only aculee, but from a long term standpoint, when you look at the effects of returning from that type of injury and the psychological impact, the musculoskeletal impact later on in life can be pretty profound. So we'll talk quite a bit about ACLs and what you want to look for from a return to performance standpoint as well as in the healthy population. What can you do? What are some best practices and recommendations from an injury prevention program and standpoint as well? And all of these things that you mentioned, Tony, these things within, again, following scope of practice, all of these things need to be diagnosed by a physician or a physical therapist. Somebody who's qualified to do all the tests to kind of rule out one thing or the other. So as much as we can look at movement patterns and just like claws nails on a chalkboard when somebody watches, someone's movement patterns, like, hey, I think you've got ACL issues. Well, that shows well beyond the scope of practice. So in the workshops that we teach, when we're going over moving the assessment, it's in observations and watching these compensation patterns, yeah, somebody, you know, they're not moving well when that means coming in and that, and they've got excessive forward lean and the feet turn it out. That's not a cause to say, well, you have lateral knee pain or you can't assume that someone's going to have somebody can move poorly their whole lives and not experience one ounce of pain. And that's where when we talk about return of performance, it's not just about all these things that have been listed with possible meniscus issues, ACL, a Patel of Somoral IT band friction syndrome. They can have, I mean, if you've ever run a half marathon or a full marathon and you're running behind people and believe you mean, when I've run, I'm behind a lot of people. So I'm watching, you know, the little, the leg whip and the knee, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They just swing that foot around, they can't, you know, they can't get a good knee drive and that foot is definitely just whipping around, almost like you're doing egg beaters in a pool. So somebody can move like that. They can run a million or 100 races and they may not experience anything, right? And that's where, you know, combining the assessments along with what has been diagnosed, then you can have a better understanding of what can be done or should be done from a personal trainer or strength coach standpoint. Because like what you said, Tony, when you're talking about, you know, a difference between the rehab process for a meniscus tear versus an ACL, you're talking anywhere from the difference between three to four months to nine to 12 months between the two. And that's definitely going to have to come to the guidance of the physical therapist to kind of, you know, take your hand and figure out, okay, well, what are the what are the no-nose, what are the things we should not do at this point in time? And again, based on timeline, you're going to look at, okay, we need to achieve 40 degrees by this time, 60 degrees by this time, 80 degrees by that time. So, you know, all good stuff, but we as personal trainers and strength coaches, someone can be just, you know, point by point describing any one of these syndromes exactly, but we're still not in a position to say, that's what you got, right? Yeah, fantastic points. Yeah. Yeah. Just reinforces the, you know, what we discussed in the previous installments where, you know, you've got to look at this as your part of a team and within that team, there's a hierarchy of sorts and a scope of practice that needs to be minded and respected. So, right, yeah, great stuff. You know, with that said, you know, just to reinforce, reinforce what we've discussed before is that, you know, what can an error referring to when it comes to the programming and some of the different considerations, you know, we're certainly laying the groundwork and providing you some some context around the, the different types of knee injuries and some of the things that that are done, maybe during the rehab phases, but when we're discussing our role, the programming options and some of the things to look for, we definitely want to reinforce that we're discussing beyond that acute rehabilitative phase once the physical therapist or physician has really cleared the individual to be able to to begin working with the strengthening addition and coach or personal trainer. Right. Some, yeah, something to be said too about the, the injuries that we went through, even though they're, they're all looking at different structures and have their own set of symptoms. The underlying theme here, and we discuss this as well with the ankle last week, is that there's a certain level of biomechanical risk factor. There's certain levels of biomechanical risk factors associated with some of these common injuries. And, you know, that's important for us on the strengthening and the conditioning personal trainer side is kind of alluded to when we perform movement assessments and we're observing how our clients interact and, and move during certain activities. There are certain things that we want to be aware of that could potentially increase the risk of, let's say, a re-endry or over time, and what unchecked could, could increase the susceptibility of some type of non-contact, non-contact injuries scenario. When it comes to the ACL in particular, there are certain intrinsic factors that can influence the, the injury to the ACL. Many of those we can't do a whole lot about. And so, you know, quite a bit of the focus when it comes to programming and prevention is, is on extrinsic factors. So looking at strength ratios, biomechanics, neuromuscular control, and so forth, those are all things that can be influenced with a training program, coaching and feedback is another big one. So, you know, we'll discuss that more when we get into the programming. When it comes to rate and frequency, the, you know, most commonly injured joint in adolescent athletes is the knee. And when you look at, let's say the high school athlete population, the prep athlete, you know, 60% of injuries in that population occur to the knee. So, you know, very, very common, something that you're, you're likely to encounter, but with good programming, can either be prevented, or the risk reduced. And then, as you might be assisting somebody, return to full performance from, from something like this, then, you know, there are certain best practices that we can follow to, to ensure that they, they come back as strong or stronger than they were before. Definitely. And just anecdotally with having worked two years in a physical therapy clinic, I would say a majority, a strong majority of the kids, you know, when I just lump them up in the high school, between high school and junior high kids, it was a lot related to the knee, as far as what I had to work with, you know, you have your ACLs, you have your, your IT band friction syndrome and, you know, your, your telephone, basically everything you've listed out as far as what somebody might experience. And, you know, you get your share of ankle sprains, but, you know, ankle sprains, you know, can flash back last week, you know, a lot of times less, it's major. It will resolve itself, but when it comes to the knee, you, you wind it, you know, the knee winds up being one of those areas where it's, you're chasing symptoms, right? It just happened to be that that the knee is where your body decided to break down, where the, and we'll get into the hip and the ankle and its relationship to the knee and a little bit, but, you know, and this is where a lot of parents get concerned is when somebody, when their, when their child gets hurt and then they get hurt again and then they get hurt again and then now it's okay now it's more than just playing soccer, playing softball, you know, football, which the first incident may have been a contact issue, but when it happened again, they just happen to be doing a drill, you know, so, so as these, these injuries happen, you know, especially in that adolescent or junior high high school, you know, prep age, it is one of those things where their body is growing and you mentioned, you know, it's a lot of their bodies changing, just, we talk about intrinsic factors, their bodies changing, and then there's all the stress happening at the same time the body is changing, so as you, as you go through your growth spurts between, you know, muscular and bone growth, hormonal changes, hormonal, yeah, all of that, you know, there's, there's a lot of, you know, they're still learning, you know, they're like puppies growing into their big paws, and that's what's happening at this, this age range to where, again, working on those other factors, flexibility, range of motion, stability, as well as strength, and power production, and reduction, feed into all of that, you know, when we talk about rate and frequency, especially in that adolescent age. Yeah, no doubt. So, you know, with that, what does full recovery mean? You know, we talked about this a little bit last week as well, but, you know, typically it means restoring full range of motion to the affected areas, as well as, you know, areas of influence. So, as Ken mentioned, you know, the knee is, it's at the mercy of the, the foot ankle in the hip, and so even though the symptoms and the, the side of injury is at the knee, often, that's due to the interactions that has, or the influence rather of the hip and the ankle on the knee joint during, during movement. Looking at reestablishing and improving stability, strength, power production, force reduction, neuromuscular control, conditioning, and sports, sport specific activity skills, and then, you know, in order to establish whether somebody has made that full recovery, you know, that's where, you know, your functional performance testing may come in to determine symmetries and balance as well as readiness, and then, you know, there are certain psychological assessments that can be done as well, to determine if the, the individual has, you know, full confidence and in their return to performance abilities. So, which is, is going to be critically important. From a reconditioning standpoint, as we go through this, again, the goal is to establish and or reestablish dynamic, neuromuscular control, and coordination, restore isolated strength, endurance, as a big one, power, and reintegrate that into total body functional patterns and activities, and then, you know, what we'll talk about from a programming sampling may start off with more of a, looking at it for more of a corrective exercise, through more of a corrective exercise lens, maybe more therapeutic in a sense, and then progressing into reconditioning, conditioning, and more dynamic exercises and activities. Can anything you want to, you want to add in there? No, I mean, that's a pretty thorough explanation. And I think the biggest point that comes to return to performance that gets missed is that confidence, that confidence level to, like if you're, if you're in a varsity sport, you're in a varsity sport, right? So, as a junior senior in high school, if you're at the highest level that you can compete in high school, you have to know that if I'm going to step on the field and if I'm the receiver and you're asking me to go down the middle, right, and catch a ball there, I have to know that I can stop turn, catch the ball, and take a hit. If I'm hesitant at all, I'm going to get alligator arms, I'm not going to extend, and, you know, that's going to affect how I play or how, you know, that, you know, the overall play with a team is going to, to come to fruition. So, if, if I'm, if I'm not confident in making that stop pivot turn, catch any one of those steps within, within that sequence of play, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, you know, having to stop and decelerate more than what you would need to can add to more knee stress from that vantage point, but it's also going to affect, you know, how well you actually perform. So, if you're going out there and you're, let's say, you've got the check on all the boxes from a physical therapy, strength, conditioning, athletic trainer standpoint. This person's body is ready to go, but psychologically, you don't have confidence in the knee to make that play, then you're going to play, you're going to play scared, and it's when you hesitate when you, is when you're more susceptible from, from an injury standpoint. So, not just the physical side, but, you know, can you, when we talk to performance, can you actually perform with everything that you've worked for? So, it's not just about flexibility, range, motion, power, production, reduction, metabolic conditioning, but also can you with confidence get back on to the field of play, and that's the one thing we have that when it comes to programming, like you, like you talked about, are we building in that psychological aspect, like, you can run, you can stop, you can turn, and see nothing's happening to you know, you're okay, you're 100% okay, you're going to take the hit, or you know, things are going to happen, but physically, you're strong, and you have to know that. Yeah, absolutely. I thought you're going to throw another pivot out there, friends, friends, reference, pivot, it's a, it's might be showing my age a little bit, but yeah, I gotta watch, friends. Yeah, get up and so there for those of you who haven't seen it. Yeah, so cool, we have with that, let's talk about some considerations as we, as we get into the programming elements, as you work with somebody who might be returning from an injury. So, with, with Muscle's skeletal injuries, you know, the number one risk factor for re-injury is previous injury. So, that's something to be aware of that, you know, somebody getting hurt once is going to predispose them, or increase the likelihood that they may get re-injured. So, something to be aware of there, the other thing is looking at symmetry. So, asymmetries in the body are, again, are another big risk factor potentially for non-contact, Muscle's skeletal pain and injury. And we'll talk a little bit more about this with some of the different tests that you're clients or athletes might go through, but generally speaking, if there's a greater than 10% difference between the injured side and the unenvolved side, then, you know, that's something that, that's a gap that you want to, you want to close down as, as quickly and as much as you can, as, as you get over that greater than 10% difference than the, the risk of of injury is going to, going to go up. Um, things that you may also have to consider, you know, again, swelling and inflammation, pain, range of motion. So, as you continue to work with your clients, areas that you want to keep an eye on from a range of motion standpoint, would, would basically start down at the foot and ankle. So, big toe extension, for example, the extension of the first MTP. If there is an adequate mobility at the big toe, then during running, lunging, cutting, stepping patterns that can exacerbate, over pronation at the foot ankle, which is then going to cause some, um, obligatory movement at the knee that could potentially increase stress to the, the injured areas, um, ankle dorsy flections and other big one. Me extension. So, when we look at, uh, knee extension from, let's see, a 90, 90 position, we, we want anywhere from zero to 20 degrees on that. So, basically where the knee is almost fully extended to fully extended. And knee flexion is another one, total hip rotation. So, some, some good evidence that, you know, correlates total hip rotation range of motion with, uh, with knee injury, risk and stress. Um, of the two internal or external rotation, internal rotation is going to be one that we want to really focus on and, and make sure, um, our, our client possesses adequate, um, range of motion there. And then hip abduction is, uh, is another one. So, you know, if we look at, uh, if we look at knee extension, that's looking at the, the short head of the biceps femoris, which we talked about that last week with the ankle. If that muscle is, is tight and overactive, it can create more external rotation and abduction of the tibia relative to the femur, and that's going to put more stress on the knee joint. Um, if we look at hip internal rotation, if the hip can't internally rotate during movement, then that's going to increase adduction forces on, uh, on the knee. Excuse me, abduction forces on the knee is basically going to cause the femur to add up more. And then, um, when you look at, uh, I guess another one will be hip extension, uh, would be, would be important and then hip abduction, um, if there's a limitation in hip abduction, and that's going to, uh, increase, uh, the likelihood of the femur adducting, which is going to put more stress on on the knee. So, all these, uh, are important to look at and monitor as you're working with clients, uh, who've experienced knee, uh, knee injury. All these mobility assessments that we, that I just highlighted, are, you know, part of our new CES course. So we updated the CES, we're, you know, previously range of motion assessments were, um, addressed using a goaniometer, and, uh, there was also some manual muscle testing and we've since, uh, replaced those with these active mobility assessments. So they can be utilized by a wider range of professionals and, you know, uh, variety of different environments. So those are, those are all assessments and, uh, mobility tests that you want to, you want to, you want to do to not only see where your clients at, uh, as they begin to work with you, but also trap progress over time. Um, exactly. Yeah. And those assessments that you're talking about, um, they're not complicated. I mean, it's, it's, it's, they're easy to implement and, and to, to your point Tony again, looking at, uh, you know, the factors that go into, um, you know, how or why somebody may get injured, you know, one previous injury and then, by that only cemetery. So just perform these assessments. You look at, okay, if I'm laying on the ground and I'm, like, you know, like straight out and I'm looking at hip internal external rotation on the right side, hip internal external external on the left side and definitely one foot turns in more than the other, then I can, I can say to, to some confidence that, okay, well, maybe we need to look at your hip external rotators on that right side because you're able to turn that left side in significantly, and noticeably more than the other side. And that's just looking at one one assessment as far as hip internal rotation and, and to, you know, that 90 90, straight out one knee straight out the other where do you get more range of motion? If you've got just a noticeable difference between the two, then that gives you some insight, okay, on what side needs more love as far as a corrective strategy goes to say. Yeah, simply. Yeah, perfect. It doesn't, doesn't have to be complicated. Not at all. Now, and these tests they take just a matter of minutes. So once you get familiar with the process and, and the setup and what you're looking for. So yeah, very easy to implement as Ken mentioned, you know, from a strength instability perspective, you know, some of the, the same muscles that we talked about last week, ankle inverters. So again, we want to limit lower extremity pronation. If, if there's more pronation, or if there's a difficulty controlling pronation rather, we want to make sure that there's good strength in the poster to be Alice, answer to be Alice, you know, ankle dorsy flexors, also the typical internal rotators. So again, when you look at, you know, a more risky position for the knee is where the, the tibia relative to the femur externally rotates and abducks. And so that can, that can be allowed by relative weakness in the tibial internal rotators. You know, the semi-teninosis member, noces, scracillus, poplidious, sartorious, basically that whole pezian serene complex. We want to make sure that there's adequate strength in those muscles to be able to control that rotation, that external rotation. The quadriceps, maybe more specifically, although, you know, can't necessarily isolate a particular aspect of the quadriceps because when you extend the knee or your work all of them, but you know, there's a focus on the VMO, Vassus medialisobliqueus, you know, basically when that lower leg externally rotates relative to the femur, that's going to lengthen the VMO, the fibers of the VMO, which, you know, due to length tension relationships may decrease its ability to produce force. And then when you look at the muscles that cause that particular, that particular movement, the short head of the biceps femurus is a big one, that can lead to reciprocal inhibition of that VMO as well. And so, as you improve flexibility and extensibility of that biceps short head, and you're working to regain control of, to be a external rotation and establish more trivial internal rotation, you want to make sure that you're working on getting that VMO to fire up as part of a, you know, total quadriceps activation strategy. Hamstrings, you know, particularly eccentric, eccentric strength in the hamstrings, big ones, glute medius glute maximus, being able to control that femur in the the frontal and transverse plane, which is going to minimize stress to the knee, and then, you know, looking at just total single leg stability and then proximal stability and neuromusular control, the lumbal pelvic hip complex, all going to be really important to focus on as you're, you're getting somebody back to that full full performance. And the one thing I do, a lot of anatomy in that last seems like 10 minutes, but oh, I didn't want to be there. I got to really, yeah, I'm not kidding. Yeah, so for more information, yeah. So as far as human movement science goes, I mean, this is an underlying, you know, that's, that's based knowledge that anybody who works with a body needs to understand the body, and I'm learning every day on on how the body works. But when you're talking about inverters, rotators, and, you know, outside of, you know, your biceps quads, hamstrings, you know, all the big stuff. Not just knowing what the muscles names are, but also where they insert and how they interact with other muscles, right? So if you're, you know, if we're talking about the lateral hamstring and the short head, you know, short and long head of the biceps for Morris, but as it comes down connects into the fibula, what else is interacting with it? Well, now you have the gastroch witch comes up and crosses the knee and connects into the medial and lateral condiles of the femur. So now you have this interconnectedness between these muscles. So having a deep understanding of, not just textbook what these mean, but looking at how they work in function in the real world, so that, you know, when you look at the knee, there's a lot of, you know, you talk about the pesans are in, you have the hamstrings, you have the quadriceps, and now you have the calf or the gastroch that crosses up and over and down and under each other over that knee. So when you, when you look at function and not just what to do and what needs strengthening or what needs to be, you know, addresses for us, over activity goes, but having an understanding of the body and how things are interconnected, only going to help you help somebody else when it comes to getting over injury because, you know, like when you talked about the VMO, well, what's the antagonist to the VMO? Well, you're talking about the, the vassus lateralist, if we're just talking geography, that's standpoint. So there's, there's a lot on here, but there's a lot that's not on here when you're talking about these other synergists and antagonists to these muscle groups. Yeah. And again, yeah, just a quick point on that. Again, it is in the, the updated corrective exercise specialists when you talk about human movement science, that the chapter on that is actually very impressive. Yeah, no, great points, Ken. Basically, you're telling me I forgot, I forgot a few things. So I needed to, I needed to go like 13, 14 minutes instead of 10 minutes. I'll get stuff. I'll get stuff. So, so, yeah, so obviously an anatomy hugely important that's going to influence, you know, what you're looking at from an overactive relative, un-directive perspective. And then when it comes to assessing your clients readiness to to come back and assessing their progress over time, that's where you can get into, you know, functional performance testing. And for that, there's a variety of different tests and assessments that are used. One of the, the primary criteria, again, for returning from knee injuries is, you know, what's referred to as limb symmetry index, where, you know, an ideal, an ideal value is going to be anything greater than or equal to 90 percent of the un-injured leg to the, to the injured, injured leg. So basically, if that, if that injured side reaches to at least 90 percent performance of the, the un-involved side, then, you know, that's, that's a benchmark that we're looking to achieve. So, um, that, that can be applied to a variety of different tests. Some of the tests that that you may, um, some of the tests that you may see or that your clients may have had to perform before getting to you. And they could certainly be utilized, um, as a way to to progress check and see how your programming is going. Again, the range of motion or mobility tests, you can do isolated strength testing. So looking at hand strength, quadriceps, strength ratio. When you look at, you know, just balance, um, that balance error scoring system, star excursion balance test, where you're looking at, you know, single leg stability, um, and, how when they change their base of support by moving the other leg in different planes, you know, what's, what's their ability to control that. We have our transitional assessments overhead single leg squat. Um, also when this commonly uses a lateral step down test, and there's both a qualitative element there, as well as a quantitative element. So you can do a lateral step down, where there's actually a checklist and has the person performs, you know, five repetitions. You're looking for certain things. Um, and if you, if you identify or observe those, then you would, basically knock a point off or add an error to the, to the score. And if the, the client scores over a certain number, then, you know, that would indicate that they have poor control, in that particular pattern. But then there's also a quantitative lateral step down test, where your client repeats the lateral step down for time. And, um, basically you want to see how long they can, they can perform that particular, how many repetitions they can perform, that particular movement for within a given period of time. So, um, that's, that's a great test looking at endurance in that lower extremity. And then we get into some of our dynamic assessments, which can be both quantitative and as Ken mentioned last week, there's a qualitative element too, not only do you want to look and track time and number of reps or distance, but you want to, you want to see how is your client or athlete actually performing, um, during those assessments. What's happening at their foot, their knee, their trunk, and so forth. So, um, some example assessments might be the shark skill test, the landing error scoring system, which is basically a depth jump assessment. Um, then you've got your single leg hop batteries where you're looking at, you know, a single leg hop for distance. Uh, you've got your triple hop, triple, a crossover hop, and then a six meter timed hop. Um, you also have single leg side hop where you can do hops for time, or you can do repetitions within a given time. Single leg vertical jumps, then you got your running sprinting type, uh, test as well as your agility test, uh, lower extremity functional test as one, that, uh, that we highlight in our performance and enhancement specialist course that, uh, that is great to, uh, to utilize. And then, you know, there's a variety of other ones, but, uh, basically these, these, these tests allow you to look at, you know, again, compare symmetry between sides as well as, uh, progress over time to see, um, how your clients' performances improving as you, uh, as you dial up the intensity in their programming. So, uh, and uh, and I'll, um, again, to piggyback onto, I mean, all those great points is that, you know, we, we get stuck, you know, when you talk about symmetry, we get stuck, um, I think is as fitness professionals, um, comparing, you know, injured, quote unquote, injured to quote unquote, healthy, right? So, if, and this is the one thing, just just because the one leg is the one that happened to experience some kind of stress, um, doesn't mean that the, healthy leg is the ultimate benchmark either, right? True, true, true. Yeah. Uh, ultimately, uh, yeah, ultimately, we do want to get them closer to each other. So, let's say in the case of, uh, you know, knee extension, you mentioned zero to 20 degrees from a 1990 position. Well, if one of the knees is 50, but the other one is still, you know, 30, right? You know, they're still both off, but one's a lot more off than the other, and it's not in common to see that even the, you know, the un-ingered leg is worse, you know, guinea metricly than the health, or the, the injured leg, right? So, there, there are those opportunities when you look at, you know, someone who's balancing doing say it's single leg squat, or just this, basically a single leg stance on a healthy verse, or the un-ingered verses, the injured leg, and sometimes because the injured leg has been the leg that has gotten all the rehab. Right? All the love, yeah. Yeah. The got and all the love that they sometimes look, it sometimes looks like the healthy knee, right? So, I've also seen cases with, with athletes from that standpoint where the, the, the one that looks healthy is actually the one that incurred the injury. So, you know, not to ignore the other side of the body, but, you know, we have to look at, you know, to your point, the cemetery, the difference between one versus the other, and that could also be, you know, relative to like, girth measurements and things like that, but also, you know, can we improve the other side as well, because sometimes it's the, the, the deficit on one side that created a shift or a weight shift to the, what, what side incurred more of the load, because one side could do it's job. So, it had a like, dumped a little bit more work onto the other side, and then that's when you exceeded tissue capacity for, for stress, and then that's where, you know, possibly why somebody got injured. Oh, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, I can think of a particular client that the, that we saw in our facility, post ACL rehab, and had already returned to play, but was experiencing some residual, soreness and discomfort, and we helped him through that, and then stop coming in, and, and, and, you know, probably seven or eight months later, blue blue the ACL on the other side. Right. It's because the focus, you know, is on the side that was heard, and it's easy to neglect the side that, you know, what I'm quote, wasn't, wasn't affected. So, right. Great point. Cool. Well, let's get into some programming. I think one of the things that, to kick this off, there's a great, you know, the NATA National Athletic Trainers Association, got just been almost a couple years ago now, published the position stance position paper on ACL injury prevention programming, and, you know, there's some general guidelines that, and that practices that we can take away from that particular paper that would apply, as well, to the client that you're helping to return to performance. But one thing that, that the evidence shows is there's a pretty clear link between, you know, multi-component training programs. So, that include feedback. So, you know, coaching, killing, are extremely important to the process of helping to improve a client's movement patterns, as well as help to reestablish confidence and awareness in that, in that athlete. But multi-component preventive training programs that include feedback, regarding technique, and, and at least three of the following categories, strength, plan metrics, agility, balance, and flexibility are recommended to reduce non-contact and indirect contact ACL injuries during physical activity. And should be performed at least two to three times per week, not only throughout the season, but also throughout the preseason, as well. We know that multi-component training programs, they're advocated to improve lower extremity mechanics, muscle activation, balance, strength, power, and functional performance measures, as well as decrease landing impact forces. Something that we've talked about, we talked about previously, and we'll talk about again, coming up when we get into the specific programming, is that exercise issue be performed for aggressive intensity levels, better challenging, but allow for excellent movement quality and technique. So you don't want to sacrifice technique for intensity, and to maintain the benefits of reduced injury rates and improved function of performance over time, the multi-component training programs need to be performed continuously. And so speaking using the client that I just mentioned as an example when he stopped coming in, he stopped doing his programming that helps him get back to a certain level of function, and he ended up getting re-injured as a result of that. So something that should be performed each year, not discontinued after a single season. And then, a cano-prior, you get into this with the programming, but we also know that these training programs don't have to be performed in isolation, they can be integrated in an implemented as part of an overall training program, and or other sport-related activities. So you can implement some of these components as part of a dynamic warm-up, or as part of a comprehensive strengthening, and conditioning, or fitness training program. But another key thing is that regular supervision and focus on technique and movement quality is paramount to the process. And a lot of what you're talking about as far as increasing the challenge, and all we're talking about is progression. So, I mean, especially in the mind of a highly, you know, what do you use as competitive? They're going to want to see progression. They want to see change. They, you know, because if you're, if all I'm relegated to is a sideline straight leg race, and I'm going to do that for six weeks, and then, you know, the variation is you put, you know, ankle weights on me, and yeah, I'm going to get bored, you know, and if it doesn't, you know, we talked about this last week. If it doesn't look like my sport, or feel like my sports, my like my sport, you're going to lose, you're going to lose me. And if you lose me, you're going to lose compliance as well. And I think, you know, well, you know, experientially, you have to, you know, you know, dive into what it is, they're their sport, and have whatever progressions that you integrate into their programming, reflective of what they're working towards. So, if, if we first start off with a floor bridge, and then we turn that into a bridge with a march or a single leg floor bridge, or bridge with a push and pull, you know, just add some variety and challenge to the hip. You know, you got it, not just have progressions, but also variations to set with that standpoint, because, you know, as we're talking about, it has to be done before the season starts, as well as in season, because, you know, that what it took for you to get healthy is what it's going to take for you to stay healthy. So, now, I mean, you're, you're a different machine after injury, and to get past and to progress, if you're, if you're, if your, if your high school kid, and you want to compete collegiate at the collegiate level, whether it's club or, you know, for the school, then, you know, you're going to have to do more things than somebody else when it comes to just having to, you know, keep the integrity that you work so hard to get, but also, I mean, your body's different now, and you're competing at a even higher level than where you were before. So, no one just wants to compete at the same level, right? For those people that I'm, that I have a mind right now that, that are competitive, just in their own mentality, and in their persona. So, from there, it's just, you know, you have to keep interest and interest is kept by showing progression, right? If they're improving their body, they're, they're improving their play. Is what I like, is what I like to kind of, the motto I like to throw at them. Love it. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, and that very ability is so important. Yeah. As well, you know, we, we think about progressing individual exercises, and that's one piece of it, but very, varying the types of exercises, you know, that variability is what, what leads to adaptability as well. So, super important. You know, I think, and you, you just alluded to this, but, you know, when it comes to individuals, all individuals involved in sports and physical activity, you know, it's advisable for them to participate in a multi-component of preventive program. However, what that said, those are who are active in particular sports. Let's say, you know, those that involve landing, jumping, cutting tasks, you know, field sports, basketball, you know, sports, particularly female athletes, young female athletes should be targeted specifically for injury prevention training, because they're either at a relatively high risk for a steel injury, or they may be in a greater potential for benefit, right? So, if they're, you know, I think that's being so what you use your motto, you know, you're improving your body, you're going to be improving your sport and your performance. And then, and then, as mentioned before, previous injuries, the biggest risk factor for for future injury, and so anybody with with such a history should be a target for that type of program. And, you know, needs to be integrated into their overall program. So, you know, without it's, let's get into some programming. What, what do you got? Pro, I mean, you know, going back to the anatomy lesson that we had earlier in this, that's called, you know, just just figuring out, okay, you know, you know, just getting to the hand hamstrings is a big one. I'd say it's not, may not be the end all beyond just because, you know, based on what the hamstring where it is and what it does. I mean, it's a very influential area. And it's one of those conversations that I have a lot more often with parents, you know, parents always talk about hamstring hamstring. And when I do have these conversations with parents, no one would really talk about quad quad quad as much as, actually, that may be a different experience for you, Tony, but I like to, I like to bring up the hamstring just because of how it does influence. A lot of what we just discussed as far as, you know, the knee-vlogged issues that may pop up excessive anterior pelvic tilt, things like that. So, when it comes to inhibitions standpoint, the form roller or some kind of inhibited inhibitory tool is going to be a big part of how you prep for movement as well as, you know, warm down after, you know, post-activity. So, getting into inhibition just as a summary of what we discussed the corrective exercise strategies, you want to free up motion first. So, if there's a particular joint that you need to emphasize as far as, okay, well, what's restricted and what do we need to, you know, increase as far as range of motion goes because it's one of those things that my dad taught me early is like, if it's, if it's it's supposed to move and it's not moving, what do you do? WD40. And if it's moving and it's not supposed to move, you know, you have duct tape, right? So, those two things. So, here we have, you know, inhibition. So, we got, we have to get the muscles to relax, you know, through that, you know, auto-genic inhibition, getting the muscle to relax with sustained pressure and again, it can be facilitated different ways depending on the modality that you're using. So, whether you're using just a static roller or something like the Hyper-Eyes Viper, which now incorporates vibration and can help elicit, not just relaxation response, but, you know, an altering or a changing and fluid dynamics that can help improve range of motion because, you know, and I know you've seen it, Tony, to where if I can inhibit or get somebody who's showing me 40 degrees on a go-neometer for their 90-98 knee extension, you know, I'm not surprised if I get 10-12 more degrees just by following itself, right? So, if I can get more degrees of freedom from, in that example, the the biceps fat, if that's the area I'm going to help the size to get better knee extension, which again contributes to triple extension, you know, relative to sprinting and jumping, now I've allowed the joint to open up, which now allows better recruitment of the opposing muscle group. So, the first thing relative to, again, it's all get to depend on what the assessment results are going to show you, right? So, if the these are coming in, I'm going to look at, you know, the out-of-hand string, I'm looking at the TFL, I'm looking at the the piriformis, right? So, working on the glutes, the ad-doctor complex, outer-hand string, outer-lower-hand string, and the, you know, the outer calf, the outer gastroxolia is complex, just, you know, just to kind of simply put and just to pick on one compensation, but another point that we also brought up last week is that as far as compensation goes, it's never just one compensation and nothing else exists, they're usually compounding or what I heard one of our other instructors call, you know, a layering of compensations one above the other. So, when it comes to observing the assessment results, whatever the assessment may be, overhead squat, single-exquat, just to pick two, then I'm going to pick which one is showing me, you know, the the most gross deviation from what we might consider normal. Yep. So, so as far as the inhibitory effect of corrective exercise, that would be the first thing, and it's usually the easiest thing to address because you're leaving it up to the to the ass later, the client to, okay, you find your spot, or you tell me where you're experiencing a little bit more tenderness and then that's the spot you're going to hit and stay on until that area relaxes. So, to pick on the knee, you know, a lot of times, you know, whether it's assessment driven as far as the muscles that I pick, or if they just happen to be exploring other areas, and then they experience tenderness, the aspect of, you know, foam rolling or self-mouth-assual technique, itself is an assessment as well. And don't think we brought that up last week. And then, you know, anything else add onto that, to that first step? No, man, that was awesome. That was great. Yeah, and yeah, it was, wasn't. So, the whole part of it is now to microtropop microtropop microtropop. I'm out. You know, now getting the static stretch to complement what it is that you just, that you just relaxed, or you allow that relaxation response. And now, now it's time to take advantage of that, of that relaxed state, or that greater range of motion, you're not going to get the resistance as much now if you were to incorporate the static stretch. Although, if somebody, or an athlete, due to some condition or another, is not qualified, or it's a contraindication to use self-mouth-assual techniques, you're just going to have to go straight into static stretching to address the length limitations when it comes to a particular joint. So, from that standpoint, getting into, you know, standing calf stretch, if it happened to be, you know, a coinciding lateral gastroccolius, overactivity, vantage point, or standing adductor stretch, which winds up being a big part. But the, you know, a hip flexor stretch winds up being, you know, a pretty vital component. And again, in the context of adolescence, you know, here we are at this point in time, you know, everybody's home schooling, and there's spending more time behind a computer, you know, they're not up and active as much, they're not walking between classes. So, they may spend more time behind a computer or a screen. So, just, you know, looking at life as it relates to sport, activity, they are in a more hip flex position. So, opening up the hips to allow greater hip extensions, which allows the need to, to do what it needs to do, from a flexion extension and not necessarily, you know, have a hamstring that's undermoving and now restricting motion from that, from, for more proxmal versus a distance, vantage point. So, flexibility, routine, again, specifically to the adolescent, you know, we, in school and wanting to run and play, you need to look at both what's happening outside of what they're doing in sport to figure out from a program design standpoint, what can be or should be implemented to account for the whole person and not just the sport, which is what we tend, what we tend to forget as personal trainers or strength coaches, we just think about, okay, what are you going to do when you're playing, right? And I'm sorry, what you're doing, the other 22 hours out of the day that we need to look at. Anything else on that, Tony? Yeah, I think, you know, one area would be the, the doctor magnus specifically, you know, the doctor magnus is less of an add doctor, particularly the posterior, posterior fibers, or posterior head of the doctor magnus, along with that long head of the biceps femoris can limit hip internal rotation, which, you know, we certainly want to address. So, if you see that, in your mobility assessments, you see that limitation and hip internal rotation, that add doctor magnus could be an area that you'd want to, you focus on with your flexibility, inhibit and lengthen strategies, because I can have a direct impact on the knee, and then I can't recall if you said it or not, but the calf complex, again, if you've determined that ankle mobility is influenced, what happens at the knee, that's going to be a big one as well. Yeah. Yep. And, you know, the one thing for personal trainers out there, don't be surprised, and this is where things get cut short when it comes to the rehab process, is that you'll have clients and athletes that feel better just by getting range of motion. So, if you know, sometimes the mentality is in the conversation, I have to have with, with just clients in general, is that, you know, you've got this range of motion, and you've decreased the stress at a given area, and that's awesome. However, now you have all this, what we call, or it can consider naive range of motion. You have all that range of motion, but your brain and your body doesn't know how to coordinate it, doesn't know how to control it, and, you know, from a muscular control standpoint, if you're not confident, if the brain or how you strategize, you know, movement, if there's lack of confidence in you getting so much range of motion, it's just going to take it all back. So, this is where now getting into the next step, which is now the strengthening, compartment strengthening component of program design is important because, you know, they sometimes just because they feel better, they think that's all they need. And flexibility is the key, but unless you teach the body how to use that range of motion and control that range of motion, and be strong with that range of motion, you're going to lose it again, because, you know, as I'm sure you've heard millions of times, is that I stretch and I stretch and I stretch, but I'm still tight. Yeah, I know whatever, whatever tight means, right? Well, you just stretch, you try to get all this length, but you try to use it and your brain says, ah, or not go in there, because you're going to get hurt with all that extra, you know, degrees of freedom. So, the next step being strengthening some kind of activation or upregulating of how we use the muscles. So, now, again, the knee being the dumb cousin to the, to the hip above and the ankles below. Now, I've got to teach the foot knuckle, how to be strong and stable or stable and strong, and I've got to teach the hip to do the same thing. So, that now, with whatever freedom, we've given to the knee or the hip, depending on what this function is showing itself, you've only got half the picture, right? You've got the outline, but we haven't colored anything in. Yeah. So, what do you do from a strengthening standpoint? Well, do you recommend in this scenario, Ken? Yeah, so from that vantage point, it is about, you know, strengthening up, you know, all the foot inverters, you know, whatever the assessment goes again, this is a lot more a lot bigger conversation when we start talking about specific compensation patterns. But that's where the solutions table, that's provided on the NES and website, definitely comes into play to help you understand, okay, well, what are some options to help activate those muscles that have not been doing their job, but the quick and easy hitters are, you know, basically the complex, so, I mentioned the sidelines straight leg raise is a big one, because, you know, I've had 300 pound minemen that just the weight of their massive thighs alone was enough to wear, you know, you get four reps into it with a 3, 2, 1 tempo or 4, 2, 2, they're sweating, right? Because now they have to lift the leg, right? They have to loudly raise the leg, but I'm telling them to, you know, keep that spine in a neutral position, act, you know, pull in the belly button, a little bit, just show me you've got some control over that midsection, now raise that leg and they are sweating, right? They're like, you know, they're, they're, they're raising their leg like maybe four, three or four inches, right? And that's enough. So, the sidelines straight leg weighs winds up being, you know, a lot more challenging if you're going to do a full 15 to 20 reps at a very slow tempo. And then, of course, you have your bridge and your bridge variations, right, to help with hip extension. So, you know, things like that, I mean, if you're talking about the VMO, terminal knee extension or TKE as it might be abbreviated from a physical therapist, if they are handing off to you as a strength coach or personal trainer. So, you know, that's just, you know, the end range of knee extension to strengthen that verb, put more emphasis on the, that immediate, of asses media out of the week. So, to pick on three, you know, areas or three muscle or pick on exercises, be the ones I see most often when it comes to reconditioning of the knee specifically. What else would you add? I know you've got a lot of experience with with that as well. Yeah, no, that's, I'm right there with you. And I think, you know, one of the things we mentioned is progressing programming, but there's also, there also may need be an need for regression, right? So, you mentioned the linemen who can only lift their leg for five reps before they compensate, you know, you may have clients where you might need to regress that particular exercise. And so, a regression might be like a clam shell. Or maybe you change their, you change their body position relative to gravity where they're doing, you know, a resisted abduction exercise prone or supine with, with a different type of resistance. You know, we tend to get caught up. Well, you know, this particular exercise showed, you know, greatest EMG activity in a particular study. It doesn't, it doesn't make the, the other exercise is that didn't have the highest EMG activity completely ineffective, right? So, just because a clam maybe doesn't have as much EMG activity as a sideline leg raise when it comes to the gloop media, it still may be a better option for that client to be able to execute with optimal form and technique and endurance and then you progress them to the the sideline leg raise. Once they establish competency and in the ability to do it, you need to do so. Just keep that in mind as well. We talk a lot about progression, but make sure that you are looking at regressions when when appropriate and then, you know, specifically, you know, I think the hamstrings, if you were going to target the hamstrings, the those, trivial internal rotators. So, again, just reinforcing, you know, eccentric hamstring, stiffness, so the ability to desalorate knee extension, you know, there's a center just like a fact there we're looking at, let's say, the ACL in particular, centers just like a fact with the hamstrings in that regard and being able to provide some protection of the ACL. And then modifying the foot position to to bias the, the, to be an internal rotator. So, you know, let's say you're doing a stability ball leg curl, you know, you can turn the toes in slightly to to get more of the semi's versus the, the biceps femoris. Or if you're progressing your client in order, variations changing the amount of hip flexion, changing the the foot position, as all going to influence the the activity of certain muscles and so depending on what your assessment shows and what you feel your, your client needs to work on, you know, those are all modifications that you can make to the technique in order to, to get the outcomes at G1. So, and then just core stability overall just proximal core stability has been shown to be very effective in helping to improve and improve lower extremity alignment and control during functional tasks. So, right, just kind of looking at the the entire system. But yeah, right, that's all I've got there. So, then yeah, then what do we get into? Then integration, right, and just kind of putting it out together. And since we're talking about return to performance, it's not just about, you know, you know, what you might see in a lot of NASM's collateral or their, or their content where it's, you know, it's a balance exercise, especially when talking about corrective exercise, or even stability training. But because we now have to consider the sport that the person is playing or participating in now, we have to have it. This is where we start to make it look feel smell, like the activity that they're trying to work towards. So, so when it comes to an integration, you know, we're, you know, typically we're talking about, let's say something like a side lunge to balance or say starting off even more remedial than that is a balance in a lateral reach. So, if I'm trying to recruit more of my, my hip abductors, right, so if I'm trying to incorporate more of my hip abductors, so it's a single leg balance with a lateral reach. I'm just reaching out to either three o'clock or nine o'clock depending on, you know, which leg I'm using. So, you know, that's where we might start. But from that standpoint, that might turn into a balance and step, you know, right, balance on balance on the right side and balance there, then step to the left. So, now we start to incorporate a little bit more of a transitional, you know, recruitment pattern, you know, just going left to right maybe for incremental timeframes, like 10 seconds, you know, we're from just a balance at maybe 30 seconds. He creates that to 20 seconds before you shift onto the other side, 10 seconds shift to the other side, five seconds shift to the other side and just gradually decreasing the amount of time of balance and then, and then increase. So, now, therefore, you are increasing the amount of transitions left to right. Again, that's progressing over time. But just to give you some insight on how that might look. You know, maybe it's Monday is we're just a single leg balance for 30 seconds on each side and then Monday of the next week and that's their homework, right? So, Monday of the next week, it's a single leg balance for 20 seconds, but now shift onto the other side. So, now you're adding a transitional component. So, when we take that integration from that corrective exercise strategy as NSM teaches it through its protocol. Now, to perform better, now we have to make moves that get them in positions and teaching them stability or isometric stability and eccentric loading into positions or directions that they may typically move into during the place. So, if you're a short stop, we want to work on more lateral, you know, lateral motions or if anything, you know, turning 270 degrees, you know, turning around and changing direction that way and adding that into the, let's say, a balance component. So, you know, again, when you look at the continuum, slow it a fast, you know, adding complexity as the person earns their way. But, you know, one point that we did not make last week and something that I do incorporate when I do work with athletes that are coming back into play is the fact that, you know, if there's, if there's any kind of association between the movement that they're doing with pain, we, we again, have to put on our training hats and, you know, and we might have to be creative in that we have to figure out ways that we talk about variability of getting them to move into positions or directions and it speeds that don't provoke pain as well, right? So, and that's what's going to affect recruitment, not just, you know, I don't want to go there, but the brain's going to have some affinity to going in certain directions at certain speeds from certain body position. So, and that's a concept I picked up from our buddy Anthony Kerry down in San Diego. It's like, you know, you want to incorporate movements and patterns that aren't provocative to the association with pain either, right? So, not just about how to recruit or what to recruit, but it's also getting them to move with confidence without previous association with what it was that possibly got them hurt or whatever their brain associates with. Okay, I got hurt doing this last time, right? Or I was in this position last time while I don't want to be in that position this, so I'm going to avoid it altogether. So, kind of tricking, you know, the person how to get there without going there, you know, so you're just kind of doing around about. So, integration and strengthening exercises, how we incorporate recruitment and movement strategies has to be just built up gradually, but also we kind of have to watch out for those, those, you know, those caution flags, you know, of what somebody might affiliate with, how they got hurt to begin with. Yeah, no doubt. Yeah. Cool. And then, you know, once you progress that integration, step, you know, you get more into performance oriented drills, and, and the like, you know, what, what would you do in that sense? What are some things that you would, you would address? You know, as far as, you know, getting them more into performance, you know, if I can get them, I mean, for one, you know, if we're talking about, you know, speed agility and quickness, getting them into the environment. So, there's been timing, there's a partner by where I've taken my athletes outside. So, if they play on grass, I'll get them on grass. So, they feel the different texture, you know, just the smell of grass, you know, just to get them, you know, to see the light at the end of the tunnel. But, you know, to get them into that environment, whether or not, you know, we're still doing regressed exercises and strengthening program, just to get them to that environment, get them into the psychological mode of, okay, well, now I can play, right? But, you know, implementing just like we talked about last week, you know, what are the, what's the gear that they need? What are the, what are the tools? What kind of, am I using a low cross stick, a low cross ball of football is soccer ball, volleyball, things like that, not saying that if I'm working with a swimmer, who's gotten issues on me, a splash water on him. But, I just wanted to get them to get them to have the same feel for, for what it is that they're doing. So, if it's a soccer player or a kicker, get them used to, doing some maybe, you know, some balance work with that cross rotational pattern of that kicking of their dominant or maybe even non-dominant kicking leg, along with having some kind of, you know, contrary motion or opposing motion and rotation through the upper body. So, you know, that's just an example. So, I just wanted to get to start to look feel smell like what it is that they're doing and one of the first things they do is implement the tools or the implement, that's involved with the sport that they play. Yeah. That's great. That's a start. Cool. All right. But one more thing is, if it's a matter of, if there's context, you know, adding perturbations, so I might tap them lightly on the shoulder or the hip or, you know, from different directions while they're performing a certain drill. So, so getting that little that stimulus that helps, you know, create that ability to react and dynamic stabilize when they're doing something as well. So, if it's a high context sport, you know, that that touch is going to greatly increase over time. People don't realize how much contact is in basketball or in soccer. So, there's going to be a lot of perturbation or added, you know, uninticipated contact. Again, within reason, and, you know, of course, you have to be responsible with that. I'm not going to, like, blind sight somebody and give them a form to the throat. But I'm going to get on something to think about when it comes to, okay, this is what it's going to look and feel like, you know, just a little reminder, especially if they've been out for a season or something like that, or if they've had a long rehab process, just to get them re-acquainted with what their body's going to go through from a reactive standpoint. Yeah, absolutely. And, you know, to that, to that end, those are things that you can do with some of your lower-level integration exercises as well. You know, just to enhance that reactive neuromuscular control, you know, some of these doing a single leg RDO, single leg one, touchdown, step ups, hops. If they're on a slide board, I mean, you can initiate some of those perturbations to be able to get them to react and respond appropriately. Exactly, exactly. Okay. All right. So, anyway, lots of things you know on there. Yeah, there is. So, I think that might be a great place to stop. Yeah. Awesome stuff. And I certainly learned a lot. Always do when I'm when I'm talking with you, Ken. Same way, same way your man. To those of you listening, as we mentioned at the top of the hour, any questions, comments, please leave them for us below. And if we don't get to them in real time, we'll address them in at the top of the next episode. So, you know, as always, thanks so much for tuning in. We really appreciate you and the opportunity to interact with you. So, Ken, thank you so much. Yeah. Thank you, Tony. Great time. Yeah, look forward to the forward and next time. Take care everyone.

=== FILE: Return to Performance Programming Overview [FBmVwx6-tOg].txt ===

All right, it's hello and welcome to our first session, our first webcast regarding return to performance programming using the NASM Auto and Performance Training model. So I am Ken Miller and I am one of the instructors for the National Academy Sports Medicine. And I am joined here today with Mr. Tony Amber Wright. And so this is a quick explanation of who I am and what we're going to be discussing today and I'll let Tony go ahead and explain who he is and big vast experience that he has in the field of return to performance. My background is one I've been an instructor with the National Academy Sports Medicine for the last 12 years and I do teach live workshops, not just for personal trainers, but also sports performance as well as corrective exercise. And my background stems from not just in the field of strength conditioning where I was a strength conditioning coach for the University of California, but I've also had a few years experience in the physical therapy environment. So from there I've had a great opportunity of working with athletes as they've unfortunately incurred injury through the season and whether it's through practice and play or through the competition itself, getting them ready to come back into integration with the team and eventually back into full competition. But also from the other end when we talk about the rehabilitative process and how do you get somebody from the hands of a physical therapist and then giving them the tools they need to get back into full practice and full play. So not only have I had the formal experience from a division one as an professional athletic performance at standpoint, but also from a rehabilitative standpoint. Now my background practically as it comes as I come from a personal training environment I've had over 24, 25 years of experience in the field of personal training. And so when we do this series on return to performance, the examples I give and the experience that I share comes from either one of those basic backgrounds. So I know that my associate Tony Amblar right here has a lot of contribution to this information as well, which is why we're here together. So Tony Amblar explaining who you are and all the great things that you've done in this industry. Thanks so much Ken. Hey everyone. I'd tell you if you're watching and listening really excited to be a part of this series on return to performance. A little bit about me fitness industry veteran of about 20 years got my start in traditional personal training and was fortunate enough to join the NESM education team in 2005. So for the better part of 15 years, I've been facilitating workshops on the OBT model and fitness sports performance and corrective exercise. My career kind of evolved and got out of traditional fitness probably about 10 years ago where I was a four to the opportunity to get involved working with athletes in the elite sport setting, primarily basketball, but also in major league baseball. And through my process there, through that process there was exposed to reconditioning and returned to performance. So many of the clients that I worked with was a byproduct of performing and training at a high level and competing at a high level, wooden counter injuries. And so part of what I was responsible for was not only helping them to perform at a high level, but also at times helping them return to performance along the way. So integrating the NESM OBT model, the concepts that we present in the OBT model as well as corrective exercise and helping them to kind of transition from, let's say, the rehab or post-reability of phase back into full training, practicing and competing. So with that, what we hope to cover today is give you an overview of what is returned to performance or return to play if you're looking at the athlete specifically. Talk about what that is. Maybe highlight some other terms that are used related to return to performance, get into some different considerations and some of the things that you want to do from a program, design and program application perspective for a variety of different scenarios. So we'll highlight again what is returned to performance, what are some of the different scenarios in which you may be involved as a, as a fitness professional if that's your background, some of the other professionals that are involved in the return to performance process, how do you create that multi-disciplinary team where you may have to collaborate with a variety of different individuals along the way. Then we'll go through what is the return to performance process look like and what are the things that are taken into consideration, what are things that you need to do in order to ensure that you cover all your bases and you do everything necessary to help that individual get back to the level that they were at before or even better. Can I, what else am I missing here? I know there were some key things that you wanted to address in this first episode in the series. Yeah, I mean, basically you touched on it and I think, you know, when you and I had Tony first talked offline, the one thing about return to performance and we initially called it return to play but return to performance was I asked more appropriate when it comes to getting an athlete, especially a higher level athlete back to in full competition. I mean, there's just a lot of information when it comes to this because you know to get somebody from the rehabilitative process into just the regular strength of conditioning and then to full confidence, you know, with full confidence, get back onto the playing field. I mean, there's just a lot of information there. So I think you summed it up really well when it comes to the objectives for the program, which is why this is a series and not just went up a set, right? So yeah, so when it comes to this and I think one of the points that, you know, we really need to get out there, especially when it comes to, I guess a lot of our listeners are going to be mostly personal trainers by trade. When it comes to this, to this webcasts, you know, what's the difference between just simply talking about corrective exercise and and return to play, return to performance or sports reconditioning just to kind of lump up those terms, you know, and that, you know, for the most part when it comes to return to performance, we were talking about getting somebody who's been compromised physically and the extreme example of somebody who's had surgery or has had some kind of debilitating injury and how do you get that person to compete at that previous level, you know, when they got injured, it's not higher. So an example of a high school player who's who got, you know, some kind of knee injury and months to perform in college or from college and still perform better at the professional or amateur level. So, you know, when it comes to that side of things, when we're talking about the term, return to performance, how do we get somebody back in the mix performing at at the very least, but not better because not at least better because what we want to do is, you know, if you were at a certain strength level, stability level or power level, to begin with, obviously, you didn't have the requisite strength or power to compete at that level, right? So, so what we're trying to do with return to performance is to get you, where you were, if not farther so that you can definitely withstand the stresses of sport to begin with, using like what we talked about, corrective exercise with a sports performance kind of accent to your training. Yeah, absolutely. One thing the other thing to, can you mention, you know, are likely audience for this webcast series and, you know, I think many of the things we'll talk about will be through our lens, again, not only working in collegiate and professional sports, but also in the fitness environment, you're going to encounter clients who compete or perform certain sports recreationally and this can certainly extend to that type of individual as well. You know, if you think about a client who may have nagging a group pain at their foot ankle, their knee, their hips and low back, and that's compromising their ability to do what they enjoy doing from a sports standpoint. Many of the things that we'll discuss would also apply to that individual. And so what are the things that you can do from a corrective exercise standpoint as well as, you know, a training standpoint to get that individual to maybe feel better, minimize the pain and discomfort that they're experiencing and get them to the point where they can enjoy the different sports and physical activities that they want to participate in. Right. And I think, you know, when we talk about the philosophy of, you know, what we're trying to do here is, and you bring up the word, you know, feel better. I mean, that's that's a hashtag, feel better, hashtag, move better when you when you watch social media. So first and foremost, if you, if you don't feel good, you're not going to perform well because you're, you're going to build up these app movement apprehensions or compensation patterns to avoid pain and that's, and that's one of the things that with movement efficiency, you know, if we're trying to get somebody to move with better range of motion with stability, with strength and with with some speed and power, we have to have you move with confidence first when it comes to getting somebody to perform at that high level. And then, and then it's, and then it's a matter of playing better as a second level of priority because if you move well, you're going to move well through, not just through that say one hour of working out or that one hour of practice and one hour of play, you still have, you know, another 23, 22 hours rest of the day to avoid compensation patterns. So it's, it's health first, performance second when it comes to the level of priority or the philosophy when it comes to return to performance because we have to remember that, you know, athletes, they are people too, just for lack of a better way of saying it's like, you know, you want to move well on the court, but I also have to move well when it comes to getting out of bed, putting away the dishes, mowing the lawn, things like that. So when we talk about, you know, return to performance, we just have to talk about return to being human and getting away from, from pain and discomfort. Yeah, no doubt. All right. So get into it, huh? Yeah. Yeah. So I think one of the biggest things when it comes to understanding this, this processes, when when we're a personal trainer, when we're a strength conditioning coach, there is a certain level of scope of practice, right? There's, there's what we are. We've shown confidence in as far as passing a test through the National Academy Sports Medicine, having a specialization or whether you're a strength conditioning coach or massage therapist. There's, there's certain lane that you are qualified to go down. But when it comes to getting somebody back into play, I mean, there's, there's a lot of, you know, a lot of cooks in the kitchen, if you will, when it comes to getting an athlete back into play. So Tony, you want to talk about your experience and what we need to consider as performance coaches on what it takes to work and collaborate with with other professionals that may be working with or a respective client or an athlete. That's in our, in our, in our midst. Certainly. Yeah. And I think, you know, you said, particularly, we need to understand our role in the process, especially if, you know, you are a personal trainer, depending on where your client is and the return to performance process as well. You got to understand that there are other professionals that are going to be involved. And have opinions and perspectives on what what the client should do in order to get better and and get back to where they, they were. And so for me, as a personal trainer, massage therapists, some background and strengthening conditioning as well. In the clients that I worked with, you know, everything, everything was driven through the team. And so, you know, the team position, the doctors, they're going to have the final, the final say, final word on what happens with that particular client. But then there's also the physical therapist rehabilitation coordinator and director of performance, the team strengthening conditioning coach, if, you know, you're, you're operating independently of that. There's the athletic trainers that also have a hand in what's going on. And then you also have to look at the coaching staff. So there's the, not only the, the coach and assistant coach, you've got skills coaches or player development coaches. You might also have, you know, front office to to deal with at that level or the administration to deal with at the collegiate level. So there's, as Ken mentioned, there's a lot of people involved in the, in the return to performance process. So understanding where you fit within, within the complexities of all that and making sure that, you know, you communicate exactly what, what you plan or what you have done with, with the client throughout that process is going to be critical. And, you know, I think the key to collaboration is communication. So making sure that, you know, whatever it is that you're doing is fully communicated to the other stakeholders involved and that whatever guidelines that they've issued any objectives that that they've communicated to you or being met as well. You know, I think that's going to be of, of utmost importance. So, regarding physician, the doctor, that could be the surgeon event, depending on where you are in the process, they're the ultimate decision maker and essentially whatever they say it goes and you have to kind of operate within the, within the, the bumpers that they've provided and then from there that that'll trickle down to some of the other individuals that that we've mentioned. So, you know, for me it was, it was all about communication making sure that whatever I was doing with the client or the athlete was was vetted to a certain extent by the key stakeholders involved and that I was communicating exactly what what I was doing. We'll, we'll talk a little bit more about it. I'm sure towards the end of this session, but that's where the, the opportunity to perform assessments and provide regular feedback on progress is going to be important and letting whoever needs to know where the, the client is at before you work with them as well as where they're at after you work with them to to ensure that everybody knows, you know, hey, this is the progress that was made or, or not made and how do we, how do we adjust and modify from there if needed? Right. And that's, and that's one of those things that, you know, I've, I've, I really cherish about one of the things that I've done and working at the university is that we actually had sessions where it would sit down. So it'd be the head coach, the athletic trainer, myself as the strength conditioning coach and the nutritionist, right? So if there was, you know, an athlete, I won't name any answer when he sports in specifically, but if there was an athlete who was coming back from let's say an ACL tear, we wanted to know things like, okay, well, what are the limitations from the doctor or the physician? And then, and then what, okay, if there was a limitation of, they can, they can squat but not lunge, you know, for whatever reason, the, the physical therapist or the doctor placed those limitations, then, you know, that's something that has a strength coach. I had to do that. So if I wanted to squat or some variation of a squat, I could do a ball wall squat, but there was no lunges, but then that would spark me to ask questions like, well, is that just a forward punch or can they do a side lunge or can they do a lunge, maybe half, you know, half a range of motion or can they do a side lunge without pain? And they might say, okay, no forward lunging, but I'm okay with a side lunge with so many degrees of flexion in the knee and the hip. And then, yeah, so, yeah, but the other part of the, yeah, what are, yeah, what are some alternative patterns that they can be implemented? Yeah, stay within those limitations that have been provided, but, but still still get some benefit for the athlete, yeah, for sure. Yeah. And then the other side of things is that when you have the athletic trainer who's, who's that, you know, they're, they're that go between again between physical therapy or the physician and strength conditioning. This is where you also need to figure out, okay, well, if this athlete is at practice and they're doing a bunch of core work, a lot of balance work, you know, just as a sideline type of activity to keep him busy and to strengthen up those deficiencies that, you know, that they've had since the injury. And then, if I make and modifications in the strengthening room in the weight room, then I want to make sure that I'm not doing double of what the athletic trainer just did, so if they're doing balance work, core work, and then they come to me and like, well, there's no squatting, no lunging, then guess what, I have left to do it. Well, maybe I'm doing a little, little core work, some flexibility, some balance work, and there's been, there's been a couple of times where, it's like, all right, what have you been doing with the athletic training? I was like, well, this is what I did. Well, darn, that was what I had planned for, so never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never. Yeah, exactly, so from that standpoint, it then it's like, okay, well, they're doing that with you, then, hey, we can do this in this environment. So that way, we're always compounding and building upon the progress that we made. So in coordinating with St. Peter Point, if everybody has a role, we can complement each other and see that we are, you know, we're just adding and progressing, whenever we can. So somebody's doing, you know, flexibility of one session, then we can work on core work and maybe some dynamic movements in another session and making sure that we're keeping the, the athlete engaged because we're constantly challenging them. And that is one, you know, a confidence builder in two. It's just, you know, we're just adding to their arsenal of movement strategies that they can incorporate on their own. Yeah, no doubt. Absolutely. I think, you know, we make it into this a little bit more, I know we'll certainly get into it in our subsequent sessions, but that's where looking at opportunities to improve other areas of the athlete's development or clients, physical development. So, you know, you might be limited in terms of what you can do directly around the side of injury, but they've got other parts of their body that may need some work and you might need to level up as well. So what are some things that you can look at from a kind of a kinetic chain or, you know, in our new CES, we talk about the regional and herd of pendants model. You know, even though the injury might be, let's say to the knee, in the rehab process, and as part of the reconditioning process, if things aren't being done around the, or to the adjacent areas, let's say around the hip or at the ankle, you know, are those areas that you can exploit and, you know, focus on if, if some of the other things that you had in mind or planning on doing, we're already addressed with other members on that team as part of that collaborative effort. So, you know, we know that ankle range of motion is going to be critical for, you know, somebody who is returning to performance from some type of knee injury. And so if that's not a primary focus of, of the process with the other individuals on the team, then you can be a great compliment there by ensuring that the ankles move and well, the hip is moving well, they've got good proximal control and stability around the hip, and that's just going to, accelerate or, you know, be a great compliment to, to what, what other things are doing in their program? Right, exactly. And, and, you know, you say, you say it, you know, really efficiently, there is like, you know, whatever the point of injury is, that's what gets a lot of the love and attention, right? But, again, when it comes to regional independence, you know, the initiative with the knee could have been because of lack of ankle dorsi flexion or lack of hip stability, range of motion, things like that. But, I, one of the things that I saw Tony, and you can share as well, if this has been your experience. But, a lot of times when somebody does, let's say an example of a single leg squat, it's the, it's the, the compromise leg, or the injured leg that upon revaluation four weeks, eight weeks down the line, that looks like if I'm doing a single leg squat on the right side versus the left side, a lot of times it's the, the rehabed hip and knee, that looks awesome. And it's the, you know, quote unquote, healthy knee, that sometimes looks not as good or it looks like that could have been the injured leg to begin with. So, when, so if if somebody had gone through physical therapy and that, that right leg, let's say if that was the injured leg, that's the one that's been getting all the love and all the attention and all the, the manual work and all the strengthening. But, meanwhile, you have this left leg that's kind of just been dangling in the wind. So, as a personal trainer strength coach, if you realize that the opposite side or the unindered side has, you know, isn't moving efficiently, that's, that's an opportunity as a performance coach we have coordinator to look at, okay, let's look at the whole body, see what's available to be worked on, or what should be worked on to help get the whole system working in tandem at that efficient, total body movement pattern. Yeah, exactly agree with you 100%. All right, I'm going to be that. Yeah, and I think, you know, the other thing that, you know, outside of the allied medical field physical therapist surgeon, athletic trainer, I, one of the things that we as personal trainer strength coaches also need to look at is, you know, other forms of movement and exercise that your athlete may be involved with. For example, if you have somebody that loves to do pilates or loves to do yoga or they love zoom back, right? He's a, I wouldn't be mean, but I love the music that I couldn't do it. But, from the standpoint of, okay, somebody does, let's say, they're on a reform or they're on a Pilates reformer, and they just got done with, say, they did a workout session that morning, and if they have an afternoon session with me, that's, that's another thing that I wanted to be able to kind of throw into that pot, as far as the information that I need to know and understand about, okay, what has their body physically been involved with? And so what can I add on to, or what can I do I need to back off on my own? So again, if I have flexibility as part of the priorities, and somebody does yoga, I want to know what poses that they've done because if anything, you just want to, again, support them and make sure that they're doing the right yoga poses versus somebody that can be put something that can be putting more stress onto their system than I feel comfortable with, depending on where they're coming from with the injury. Yeah, absolutely. Any, and you mentioned something really critical there, too, is that, you know, you may have to back, back office, certain things, depending on where in the process and, and what level you're doing this, the athlete or client, you know, might be getting pulled in multiple directions, they might be interacting and working with a variety of different individuals by the time they get to you, it may be too much. And so you have to figure out, okay, what's critical for this person, what can I do that's not going to overload them further, which could be detrimental to the process as well. So that's where communication is key, really having a full understanding of everything that they're doing in the schedule, and ensuring that you can make the appropriate modification so that you're, you're not a wrench in the wheel or wrench in the hog, so to speak. And doing things that could potentially set the process back, more isn't always better, especially as you're taking somebody through this process. Right. Now, Tony, you've had a lot of experience at the professional level. Now, if you had to talk to the team athletic trainer or the team physical player, whoever the decision maker is, if you're trying to figure out, okay, well, what does this player need from me today, right now? What are some of the questions that you ask? And I'm asking you that because I am under the thought process of, you know, great questions, great quality questions means great quality answers, and by that I mean, the more that I know about what needs to be done, the better I can apply what I know to this person and getting back onto the field of play. So, so what's one of the, you know, the top two questions that you might ask somebody else in the Allied Medical Field, you know, as far as what you need to know to do the best job you can with the intention of the athlete mind. Sure, sure. No, I mean, I think the first question is what what shouldn't I do? Is there anything I absolutely should not do? What is completely off limits? Really understanding, the full scope of the situation and what are the considerations and things that I need to be aware of, so that again, I'm not, I'm not setting anything back with what I'm doing. That would be the last thing that you'd ever want to have happen is be responsible for, for a setback. So what are the absolute, what are the critical things that I need to know to not do or stay away from and that I need to take into consideration when putting my programming together? And then, you know, I think the other thing is just ultimately making sure that I'm clear on what the, what the teams objectives are or the team staff's objectives are. What are the key milestones that, that they're looking for the athlete to pick it and before they feel comfortable with, with them moving on to the next level and then that way I can ensure that I'm as supportive as I can be in that process. And, you know, if I'm aware of key dates, key milestones, key objectives on their side, then it makes it much easier for me to figure out where I can fit most appropriately in the process. Right. All, all excellent things like, you know, one of the things we talked about is, you know, as far as communication goes and what, what is the ultimate goal for this player? So if we are in season, you know, one of the things that, you know, you and I talked about and one of the things that I, that I wanted to know from, from my coaches is, okay, this person's had an ankle spring. Are we aggressively trying to get this person back to a playing level, right? And we want them on the field, would you rather have this person go at 80%. And, you know, still be the starter or are we going to shut this guy down because the second string player is good enough to take on the position. So, you know, are we, you know, what's the timeline as time like to recover? Yeah. Yeah. So, are we really trying to get this person back immediately, ASAP, or are we going to shut him down and do the process? And, and I think, you know, when it comes to communication, like, you know, one of the things that you're, you're talking about as far as I'm interpreting what you're saying is, okay, what's the intention? You know, where do we want to be and how fast we want to be there or what's the strategy to get there? And, you know, just as much as I want them to know well, how much I want that I want to know what their intentions are. They should know what my intentions are. And I remember one situation where I planned out, you know, as much as you can plan, right? I think Mike Tyson, you know, to quote him, he said, you know, everybody's got a plan until they get punched in the face. Right? Right? So, you know, I can lay out a three week plan or a four week week re-conditioning a return to performance plan. And then I get to the first session and then I'm just now, now get through that or let's not can't do that, but, you know what, their better shape than what I had originally anticipated. So, I'm going to bump it up a little bit so that we can keep the progress going. So, and I've had coaches and I've had physical therapists say, hey, that's awesome, right? Keep it as is or I've had, I've had the same people say, you know what, I do not know what that means and I don't know where you're going with that, but that this is where the bridging of communication comes into place. So, when it comes to, you know, what, what I asked earlier is like, okay, what do we want to know? What do I want to know? To help better serve, but there's also the, you know, the feedback loop on, okay, well, based on what I understand you want me to do. Here's what I want you to know about what my plans are, what my intentions are, self being kind of forward thinking and then sharing that information, mine's a being pretty important too, because then you start to have a conversation of, okay, well, what do we have available? And how are we, you know, what assets do we have and what are the parameters? What are, what are, you know, what she said earlier, what are our bumpers, you know, to help keep us within within our lane. So to speak, and that rehabilitation or that post-reability of process. Yeah, yeah, and then, you know, going back to your question, what questions what I asked, I think the primary, another critical question and one that I always make sure to ask, maybe as the first thing is, how can I best support you? So if I'm talking to somebody on the staff, whether it's the physician or most, most often I would directly interact with the doctors, I'd be directly interacting with the director of performance for the team or the rehab coordinators, what can I do to best support you and the process and what your goals are for the athlete? And, you know, it is, you've got to recognize again your place and in everything and, you know, while you're there to serve your client and the athlete, you have to understand that you're the, you're a part of a much larger team with with other aspirations and objectives and you have to be able to support that. And let them know that you're there to support them and, and I think everybody has the, the ultimate outcome in mind, which is, you know, to get the athlete back back to performing at a high level as soon as possible. And so that's going to be critical too, is that you don't want to be perceived as, you know, this, this rogue provider practitioner coach that is working against the, the other stakeholders involved and that you're there to to facilitate and facilitate their, their goals and objectives as well and to support that process. Right, exactly. So, so, so Tony with with the fact that, you know, you've, you interacted with teams and you've worked with individuals. What's, what's one of the key things that, and I'm doing this because I want to know how you function, how you work considering all that you've done in the industry. You know, what are the some of the things that, you know, you would, you want that you want a allied medical professional to know about your thought process in your, in your, how you facilitate the return to performance service that you offer. Yeah, no, it's, you know, it's interesting. It's, it's not too complex. And I think that's the great thing about the NASM models that, uh, that will be highlighting through the series in terms of corrective exercise and the optimum performance training model is that, you know, by following a system and implementing a progressive approach to how you interact with your clients, it makes it easy to describe and explain exactly what you might plan on doing with, with the client through the process. So when it comes to assessment, understanding the data and the, the assessments that have already been done and, and then how you can support that with, you know, some of the things that you might be better equipped or some of the, the, the things that you might be more comfortable with implementing. So for me, it was, you know, when applicable, being able to perform certain movement assessments and then we would utilize isolated range of motion testing, goingometric assessment as part of our process. So basically, uh, performing range of motion assessments, let's us know segmentally where there might be limitations or deficits in, in mobility and we would use that to directly guide our, uh, use that to directly guide the program that I would put together. And so from, from a therapy and reconditioning corrective exercise perspective, that's what I would go through with, with the other members on the team. So here's, uh, here's the assessment process I use. Here's what it tells me and, and I use that information on to put together the program that you see. Um, basically, if this, then that type of scenario. And then, um, from a training standpoint, just kind of walked them through the, the levels of the OBT model from stabilization, strength, and power. What my intention is by incorporating those different components and elements from core balance, plyometric training to integrated functional resistance training. And, um, that that served me very well. It made a very easy, uh, leveraging, you know, periodization and, you know, plan programming to kind of explain my approach with, uh, with the client with the athlete. So I don't know if that answered your question completely, but, you know, it wasn't too complicated. It wasn't too complex because I'm not, uh, you know, the simpler you can keep things for me the better. But, um, you know, basically, here's my, here's my assessment process. This is the criteria used to, uh, to determine the programming. Um, this is how I implement the programming. And, uh, from a training, a strength and conditioning perspective, these are the different phases that, uh, that I utilize and we'll plan on taking the client through to, uh, to help them get back to where they were. Right. Right. No, that's, that's, that's, uh, you know, that's a pretty comprehensive strategy, you know, and one of the things that I find and, you know, because we, we're, we're cut from the same cloth when it comes to, um, you know, utilizing the, the training model that, um, you know, the optimal performance training model that any of some promotes and teaches. But, you know, and I think that, you know, you know, for the uninitiated, um, your explanation is basically what I had to have discussions about, you know, both from, on the bookends of things, right? You have your, your rehabilitative team, right? Physical therapists, physicians, and then you have your sports performance as well as your sports specific coach, and you're that person that bridges the gap through all of that. So I think, you know, with what you're saying, it's like, you know, first we want to work on, you know, you know, where are we deficient in movement strategy, and then how could we make that better? And then how do we progress the intensity from stability through strength and to power to where now if I'm a, if I'm a lacrosse player, how well can I stop, control that, that stop, that change of direction and re-accelerate into a different direction. And then now I've got my lacrosse dick and now I've got to be able to contort my body so I can get enough rotation to, you know, pass a ball or, or take a shot. So, you know, and letting, you know, how do you communicate that to the physical therapists? Okay, well, this is where this is where we need to go or have to go and be able to do it with this injury, you know, through that process that you talked about. So again, with the certain level of assessments, you're going to complement the information that's already available, give them more information that, okay, understand that, you know, they're, they're at 40 degrees, you know, knee extension where, you know, ultimately we want to do, we want to have about 20 degrees knee extension and then from that 90, 90 position. But if that is more information than what they have to give to you and you're providing, giving them that feedback on what you found, then I think everybody's in a better position to make decisions. And but you can also feed it forward to the performance side of things or the sports coach and say, I would love to get them onto the field, but based on what I'm finding, they've got, you know, a, you know, they've got 40 degrees on this knee, but they only have, you know, they only have 40 degrees on this knee and they have a full 20 on this other knee. So that's going to lead to, you know, unbalanced loading, compromised hips, you know, as far as how you're going to push off with one side versus the other, um, Lombar's spine is going to be loaded, you know, that the spine is going to be loaded differently. So when we talk about, you know, that communication and what you want them to know, um, I think, you know, just adding to the bigger picture. Because it's all a puzzle, right, and now we're trying to do is just put more, put more pieces so we can have, you know, get a better idea of what the landscape is. Um, when it comes to, you know, getting somebody to, perform better, but I think, communicating and gathering that information from, um, one-end, one book end to the other book end because if, if we're, as, you know, return to performance coordinators, if you will, um, that explanation kind of fills in the gap of what the rehab side may or may not know and what the performance side may or may not know, you know, from, from that vantage point. Now, exactly, you mentioned the skills, you know, skills development as well, you know, you think back to a specific client, uh, had been working with him very long, um, he was getting ready to get back, uh, report to camp. And so, uh, he had a skills coach that was working with him and a key piece to the, the puzzle, if you will, as you put it, was working directly with the skills coach to ensure that what they were doing on court and in their sessions was complementing the, the objectives of the, the reconditioning and performance training program. So, you know, understanding that, okay, this athlete is, um, is returning from a back injury and there are certain things from a skills development perspective, certain drills and certain exercises that, um, that should be, should be performed with caution or avoided completely as you're going through this process. So, you know, that, uh, that's another critical thing to, uh, to consider, is that, you know, on the skills development side, there's certain objectives there and, uh, certain programs and, and drills and things that are that are performed that may not consider what, uh, what's being done on the, the rehab reconditioning and performance training side. So, making sure that that everyone's on the same page and working from the same sheet of music is going to be important and, and that respect to, right, right. And, and, and one more example that, you know, I've seen out there's like, when you're working with, let's say, a golf coach, as, as as an example, you know, one of the things that I want to ask the athletes specifically is, you know, you're seeing your swing coach and what is it about your swing characteristics that your, your coach wants you to do better. So, it's about, you know, getting more thoracic rotation than I might say, okay, well, let's do maybe a, um, you know, an upper spinal twist, you know, as a statics total body, you know, stretch where I'm laying on the ground and I'm just going to rotate my spine, all that there for about 60 seconds just to, you know, open up the whole spine with the emphasis of, you know, getting the shoulders to open up and getting that spine to rotate. So, you know, and if I put them on the program then, you know, then that's something that the swing coach can actually say, okay, well, that's, that's awesome. That's great. And, you know, and when they go back for their subsequent lessons or swing coach sessions, then we can say, all right, well, if that worked, let's try something else or what else can we do to facilitate that, that desired body position or that desired motion, you know, but if I, if I assess, you know, you can go, you know, the desired range of motion to the right or from left to right, but then you're limited right to left, then that's, that's other things that we can work with on, you know, from a skill perspective, you know, as far as, okay, there's the sport and then there's the position or certain aspects of the motion that need to be facilitated. So, those are the things that, you know, I've, I've seen that really helps facilitate, you know, better movement. So, not just about getting stronger, but can they do the actual motion specific towards that sport? Yeah, exactly, makes sense. Well, I think just looking at what we've covered to this point, you know, we've talked about the, you know, definition of what is returned to performance, reconditioning, you know, the philosophy, overarching philosophy of, you know, focusing on moving better first, looking at, you know, injury or re-injury prevention, you know, not going to serve anybody if, if the athlete gets hurt in that process or re-injured, the goal to build confidence in the athlete is there as they're recovering and returning from from the injury, and that, you know, secondary that would be, would be getting them to play better, incorporating sport specific drills. We talked about the collaboration between various stakeholders and professionals involved with that's a physical therapist athletic trainer, a care practice physician, or the, you know, medical doctor and or surgeon. You got the strength and addition inside of things, other activities that the athlete or client might be involved in from, you know, Pilate, Yoda, as well as on the coaching side, you've got your sport coaches, skills development and player development coaches. You know, I don't know if we highlighted this or not, but the different scenarios that that you might encounter from a return to play standpoint. So at the macro level, you might be looking at, you know, post-reability and have returned to play or return to performance scenario in sport, it might be with, you know, if you have an offseason scenario, that's, that's going to be one thing. If you have an inseason scenario, that's going to be something completely different, which, you know, you touched on that a little bit, and then at the micro level, you know, is there an acute injury that that you have to help that individual return from as well and what's your place in that process? We talked about scope of practice, staying in your lane, you know, as personal trainers, strength coaches, you know, what can be done from a self care or, you know, coach directed standpoint that can the complicity, the objectives of the return to performance program. And, you know, what, what can we do to get that individual back to, you know, full practice, full strengthening, positioning and competition? So, trying to think, what else have we covered or what else do we need to cover in this kind of initial episode? I guess different techniques and strategies, you know, that that we would be, that would be used in the return to performance process. You kind of focus on that and then think that might be a good place to to shut it down, huh? Yeah, I think so. I think from the techniques and strategies perspective, the thing about this is that, thinking about this process, that I think that our listeners need to know and understand about getting an injured athlete back into play, is that we're, what we're really trying to do with the system is to be consistent with how we deliver the information or how we apply or practice the, you know, the return to performance programming. So, you know, and that comes from a couple's perspectives and then if I'm going to get a referral from a coach or another player who knows another player who's been injured, you want to be able to duplicate, you know, the process from one player to just for from a consistency standpoint, you know. So, if it works for one, I mean, if you follow a philosophy or a system, then it should work on different levels, whether your seventh grader is playing on two soccer teams or if your professional athlete has been doing the same sport for the last 20 years, you know, so to get somebody back into the full practice and flow play, you know, you do want to be consistent with how you apply this, apply this information. So, whether you're in the weight room or you're, you know, you're giving homework, I mean, if you're following the information as it's delivered through the, up to performance training model, you know, you want to be able to, you know, are we going to inhibit or relax, you know, muscles that are doing too much? Are we going to get some length of those muscles that have just been shortened for, you know, because they sit behind a desk and are we going to activate those latent muscles or those muscles that aren't doing enough work? And then how do we string it together to get the whole system working as one when it comes to the desired motion, whether it's rotation, kicking a ball, throwing things, things like that. So, when we talked about corrective exercise, training or corrective exercise in general, you know, the techniques in the strategies, I think, if we're following those basic four steps that you brought up earlier, Tony, it's just about being consistent with how we work amongst different athletes, but also, if that's the building block for how we're going to train today and how we're going to train three months from now, you know, you know, for a lot of people just requires repeat exposures to the, to the same, to the same information, but now varying at based on, you know, what their capacity for work is. Yeah, that's great. And I think, too, I don't know if we, if we highlighted this, but when it comes to the different professionals that you might be involved in and where the corrective exercise or return to performance specialists may fall, you know, you've got the rehabilitation professionals, right? You've got the physical therapist athletic trainers, through that rehabilitation process, you know, they're going to be focused primarily on the site of injury. One of the primary objectives is to get the individual to be able to return to activities of daily living and then an opportunity for return to the return to performance professional or corrective exercise specialists is to, you know, increased the level of intensity of the activities and programming compared to what they experienced in rehab. You know, when you look at a modified conditioning plan, you know, we, we highlighted the earlier looking at the, the entire body. So the kinetic chain, a regional interdependence approach, not only are you going to continue to, to focus on the area where they were hurt, but you also have an opportunity and maybe a responsibility to look at other areas of the body that could ultimately impact and create more stress to to the site of injury. Return to performance is a pathway to the demands of sport and, you know, it's an intermediate step to that full participation on the field of play and or strength and conditioning. So, you know, from there, you've got strength and conditioning where you might look at sports and position specific conditioning, modified and player specific movement prep might be a slight modification to accommodate certain movement restrictions with, with that person. So again, it's that bridge between rehab and full strength conditioning practice and competition where you can leverage those principles and strategies of corrective exercise and in the optimum performance training model. Right. So I think I think at this point in time, we we overview the information as far as where the next five, six sessions are going to go when it comes to this, you know, we're turned to performance. So I think as far as our listeners go, you know, as far as letting them know what's to follow, one of the things that we can look at on our next session is going to be looking at return to performance for foot n ankle and down the line, we're going to address return to performance for hips, shoulders and low back. And then we're going to go into some sports. Like, you know, you mentioned earlier, you've got to, you've got to really deep experience when it comes to working with professional basketball and baseball. So those are the next two topics we're going to hit up when it comes to court sports as well as rotational sports when it comes, you know, to tennis and baseball throwers and let's say somebody who's got a bat or even lacrosse. So I'm really looking forward to the next year golf, especially golf. I'm really looking forward to these next five six sessions. We have lined up, but I think when it comes to just over viewing what we're going to discuss, you know, this is this has been great information as far as what we as fitness professional sports professionals need to know about what it takes to get somebody from an injured state back to full participation and play and whatever sport that they want to do. Yep, no doubt. Got a lot to chew on and think about really excited for the the subsequent sessions as well. So with that, I guess we can sign off. Thanks everyone for listening and look forward to seeing you again soon for return to performance for the foot and ankle. Yeah, thanks so much.

=== FILE: Return to Performance Shoulder Complex [HePMpZGZDVY].txt ===

How's it going everybody? This is another episode of our return to performance series and today you have Ken Miller and that's me and you have my buddy Tony Amlar right over there. Everyone, everyone. And today it's a great topic and this is one where Tony and I we spent quite a bit of time going over this information just because there's so much information when it comes to the shoulder complex. The shoulder, despite the sport, I mean anywhere from you know, you have your obvious athletes that play baseball, tennis, golfwear. It's hard to find a sport that doesn't where you won't find an athlete that hasn't been some way affected by the shoulder. And she's Tony? Absolutely. Yeah, whether it's swimming, basketball, you mentioned some of the others and then your recreational or physique athletes even when we get into strength training and training for a particular sport, the shoulders is obviously an integral joint complex that oftentimes many people have aches and pains and so on and so on. So I think this is a really critical topic to address and one that I'm excited about and I know you are too so it should be fun. Should we get time up? So let's start off and the one thing I, we want to talk about, you know, the athletes that will come across but just to tie in a little bit of a personal story on how getting introduced to the NASM optimum performance training model. NASM transition what they taught because a lot of people don't realize that back in the day when the National Academy Sports Medicine was first out there, they taught a different format, they taught a different philosophy on resistance training, which yeah, they taught six steps performing and exercise. So at that point in time the idea of stability, strength, power, the progressions, cube variables as we know it today, that was not in existence until 2000 as it is through 2001 as it is delivered through the National Academy Sports Medicine but when Dr. Mike Clark was doing his going through his masters, this was his thesis, this is how he got the information out there but fortunately for us and the personal training industry, this has been basically now common practice and hopefully it's more practice than it, you know, then it was 20 years, it bad, it's 20 years ago now. But I remember when I first came across Mike or Dr. Mike Clark, Alan Russell, Tyler Wallace, I was having at that point in time shoulder issue and it's just one of those things where I just attributed it to having a experience with high school wrestling playing baseball, and playing football and this recurring shoulder injury would come up and talking to Alan Russell at the time, you know, he said, well, it may not be your shoulder and I'm like, all right, okay, I don't see what's so, you know, earthshed or you're about that but as we assessed, he had me do the overhead squat, single leg squat and from that standpoint, having watched the video that it was taken away so that that point it was VHS and yeah, yeah and he said, you know, see how your knees are buckling and see how much forward lean you have, see how your arms are falling forward, it's not just the shoulder in and of itself, it's your body, you've got a body problem, right? And yeah, it's not just a shoulder, you've got a problem, body problem, I like that because it's not any because years later going through a TPI or Tiles Performance Institute workshop, I came across Tom House who was a presenter at that conference and one of the things that he said that again resonated even more so is that if you've got a shoulder problem, you've got a body problem, right? And so that's where, you know, with this subject of the shoulder complex, it became, again, it's not just a shoulder, it is a complex and, you know, we could easily geographically isolate it down to this quadrant or this quadrant but it is a true reflection of how your body really functions. So if you are an overhead athlete, like Tony mentioned, you know, whether you're playing tennis or a throw or baseball player, everything from Tonyels to fingernails, literally, is involved with that action and the shoulder complex is a big part of that and because there's so much, as we'll talk about just with the anatomy, there's a lot that goes into it and because of how it's structured and, you know, in last weeks, um, episode we talk about the hip complex, which is primarily, you know, we talk about the ball and socket, well, you can't really say the same thing about the shoulder as it is more like a golf ball and T, but when we look at all the degrees of freedom that the shoulder, the glenochiumo joint gives you, you have a lot of degrees of freedom, which gives you a lot of instability as well. So, Tony, um, you are the man when it comes to anatomy and functional anatomy. What are, what are the top things that a trainer needs to understand about the anatomy of the shoulder complex? Sure, yeah, let's go over that before I get into that though, I just want to say I had an experience with Al Russell too, doing a kinetic change assessment at the old, at the old Calabassus facility, um, when they were still running clinical services. So, your, your story brought back to memories. Um, I think I'll probably mention the same thing to me that I had a body problem, but, uh, Al if you're listening, what's up, man? Um, but, uh, yeah, so the anatomy, I think it's common for us when we think about the shoulder to, who think only of the glenochiumo joint, which is that ball and socket articulation. So, the, the head of the humerus and, and it's interface with the glenoid of the scapula. And as Ken mentioned, you know, the hip, the, the ball and socket of the hip, the head of the femur and the acetabulum. Um, there's much more, uh, Tony congruence there. The socket's much deeper, so it's much more stable. Whereas at the shoulder, the glenoid is very shallow and, uh, to use Ken's analogy, it's like a golf ball resting on a golf tee. And so with the, with the glenochiumo joint and the shoulder joint in particular, you know, it is a very mobile complex. However, that mobility does come at a cost or requires a compromise in stability and that compromise in stability increases vulnerability to pain and injury. And so when we look at the, the shoulder complex, it does consist from, uh, Tony, uh, anatomy perspective that the bones involved primary bones involved are the humerus, the upper arm, your clavicle and the scapula. And between those three bones, there's a four primary joints or four primary articulations that are involved in the shoulder complex that allow it to move and afford it all of those degrees of freedom. So you've got the scapula thoracic articulation or scapula thoracic joint. It's not necessarily a true joint, but it's the, the interface between the ribcage and the scapula. And you've got the glenochiumo joint, which we've already discussed. It's the, the head of the humerus and the scapula, the glenoid of the scapula. Then you have the sternoclevicular joint, which is where the sternum and the clavicle meet. And you have your acromioclicular joint, which is where the, uh, proman and the, uh, excuse me, where the, uh, the clavicle meets the acromion. So the, uh, all four of these articulations are extremely important when you look at the total mobility of the shoulder complex. Um, sternoclevicular joint will, we'll talk a little bit more about that a few minutes, but, you know, the sternoclevicular joint is the only, uh, direct skeletal connection between the upper extremity and the trunk. So when you think about that, um, this may, this area of the body may be more important to, reconditioning and programming and, uh, to address than you may initially have thought. So, with it being that only direct skeletal, uh, connection to the shoulder. Um, dimens anything there, Ken. I know it was going to go through it. No, that's, um, mean, that's, and that's feeds into one of the important reasons why we need to understand anatomy. And, you know, when it, when it comes to the total reconditioning of an athlete back to whatever sport it is that they're doing and if the shoulder complex is where they have these issues, you know, a lot of times it's commonplace to just look at, okay, here's where I heard this is where I need to do and then you've only relegated your programming to exercises that address that area versus, you know, what we'll talk about in a little bit when we talk about, again, the assessment process and all the different things you need to look at and consider when, um, trying to, and I say post rehabilitate or reintegrate the complex as it should be because, you know, there's not really a sport out there where you're not going to use the whole body for the activity. So, um, when you talk about, again, between the, the, the clavicle, the scapula, uh, the humorous and how those bones all interact and all interact differently, they need to be addressed differently in the reprogramming of of how those joints move relatively, relatively speaking. So, and this is what gets you off of the table and, you know, a motive, actually, to get off of the table and, you know, doing, you know, having worked in, you know, having gone through physical therapy myself and having worked with physical therapists, and you see a lot of the, the traditional stuff, you know, like, you're sideline, dumbbell, internal external rotation or standing with a band internal external rotation. Yeah, but a lot of times when you talk to somebody about their, their rehab or re, you know, their re-conditioning as they've been through before, that's what they'll bring up. But it only deals with, you know, certain muscles and in those examples, a lot of times the focus is just the rotator cuff. But now, um, when you talk about those joints, different muscles run through all those, run through and connect those joints together. So, so beyond the anatomy of the bones and the bone structure, what muscles do the trainers need to study up on when it comes to, you know, true function of that of that region? Yeah, yeah, for sure, all of them. The entire body. Now, I'd say, you know, some key muscles and, you know, table listening can address earlier how, you know, the lower extremity can certainly be involved in what you see in the upper upper extremities up into the shoulder complex. But I'd say, for the sake of our topic today, you know, it's important to, to have good understanding of the, the function of the, the intrinsic core musculature, the superficial abs, you know, rectus of bleaks, the glutes. Those are going to be critical muscles as well. And, um, the erectors spinae. So, those, uh, when you look at the, the muscles of the lumbar pelvic kit complex, those big ones, they're going to be important because they, uh, help control the position of the ribs and the pelvis. And the position of the, the pelvis and the ribs will directly affect and influence what happens at the scapula thoracic joint, which then feeds into what happens at the, the other articulations in the shoulder. And then we'll talk about it a little bit more when it comes to programming. But how your client is able to deselinate and accelerate forces through the lower extremity up into the hips that will also influence the stress that's placed on the upper extremity. So, um, you know, within the, the lumbar pelvic kit complex, those are going to be some, some key muscles to, uh, to be familiar with. And then as we, we move up the body, um, you've got muscles that attach the, the trunk, or attach from the trunk to the scapula. So, you've got muscles like the peck minor, the rhomboids, the middle and lower trapezius, serratus anterior. And you've got muscles that attach from the trunk directly to the humerus. And that, that will be your lats and your peck major. Then you've got the muscles that attach from the scapula directly to the humerus. And those are going to be, you know, uh, your rotator cuff musculatures, the sits muscles, sub-scapulaireus, inferspinatus, terries minor, superspinatus. Um, you've got your delts, terries major, uh, corpopricialis is one, and then your biceps and triceps, uh, attach from the, uh, the scapula to the upper arm. And then you've got your cervical musculature as well, uh, upper trapezius, scalines, sternoclidomastoid, and the levator scat. So again, we talked about the shoulder complex, being very complex, uh, there's a number of muscles that influence and affect how the, the shoulder functions. And so all of that needs to be taken into consideration when you're developing your programming. And, um, you know, what's great is that framework that we've, that we've talked about the NASM, corrective exercise framework from assessment to programming really allows you to to highlight and hone in on what areas you may need to focus on more specifically in the program in order to restore, uh, full function at that, uh, at that region of the body. Um, um, so, you know, with that said, some additional anatomical considerations for the shoulder, um, we already talked about mobility and that mobility comes in a cost. Um, you've got the ligament structure, uh, the ligaments that, the form the capsule around the shoulder that provides some stability. You also have the labrum, which is, uh, another, uh, another piece of, uh, which is another connective tissue structure that, um, provides or affords that mobility. So the labrum basically extends, um, off of the Glenwood and provides some of that stability for the, for the Glenwood-Humeral joint. Um, and then, uh, the other thing, this will be a big one we talk about, you know, some of the injuries or aches and pains that, um, that your clients might experience or athletes might have experienced is that core acromial arch, um, and basically that arch is formed by the core acromial ligament, the core-quaid process and, uh, and the acromion, uh, or core-quared in the acromion, and basically the underneath that core acromial arch is where the superspinatus tend and runs, uh, the long head of the biceps tend and runs through their, you've got a subacromial bursea in there as well, and those tissues can become compressed, uh, within that core acromial arch, and so that compression and, uh, basically creates impigement and that can lead to irritation. So when we get into, um, the, when we get into the biomechanics of the shoulder, and you look at, re-establishing, uh, re-establishing normal, um, mobility there, uh, a lot of it is going to be centered around maintaining that ideal subacromial space so that you don't get those, those tissues impinging and compressing on each other. Um, did I miss anything there, Ken? Uh, I hope not. Yeah, so we'll be here. Yeah, we'll be here in another 20 minutes. Uh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think, you know, the takeaway, there's, there's a lot of stuff going on, that, uh, that should be considered when it comes to your assessments and programming, and, um, and, uh, with that in mind, um, there's a, a number of different motions that, uh, that can occur at the shoulder, which, you know, I know, Ken, I think we're going to get into some of those. Um, yeah. I mean, I mean, the big, the big part of the shoulder is, I mean, is that, uh, I mean, you have your, I mean, if you were going to look at the planar's standpoint, you know, flexion extension, horizontal, addduction, addduction, internal external rotation, um, you know, and of course, you know, you have, you know, that 360 degrees of circumduction when it comes to the shoulder. So, it, I mean, it's, you point in the direction the shoulder is meant to go there, almost pretty pretty much, but, um, um, when we, when we start to look at, and this is one of those things where when we get looking at, uh, we're talking about the assessment process, but, um, when we talk about, I mean, we're, it's main now, but, you know, if you look five months ago, you had the New Year's Rush, um, you know, before everything was shut down, and, you know, you have people performing these exercises that they might have gotten out of the magazine, or stuff that they took away from what they did in high school, or, or whatever, but, um, you know, with, you know, getting back to your connection between the hip and the shoulder. Even though we're talking about the shoulder today, you can't not bring up the hip, or the hip complex just because of, you know, all the things that you mentioned. You know, if you're in a bad position at the hip, that's going to influence the position of the spine. And then, of course, influence the position of the scapular thoracic, and then, of course, the gleno-heumol when it comes to overhead motion. So you, you can have a situation where, you know, someone's got a low back arch, excessive low back arch, and now they're performing things like just regular exercise like an overhead press, or, um, to, to put it in another direction. Now they're seated and, you know, and a lat pulled down, and they're doing behind the neck, pulled down, which now, you know, now you're influencing it from the top top down. So, you know, one thing that I learned early on is that, um, you know, the dancers are in the anatomy. I think it was Lenny Peresino that, that brought that up. I can't remember if we brought that up in a previous webinar, but if you understand the anatomy, just to kind of put the importance on, you know, we have all these degrees of freedom when it comes to the shoulder complex, and understanding the anatomy gives you the understanding of why that is, or, you know, because if the shoulder can go somewhere, you know, and if you understand how the shoulder's now you can answer the question better, whether it should or not. Okay, so now that can speak more to hypomobility. Hyper-emobility versus, you know, if we know that it's supposed to go here here, or here, but it can't. Now the big next question is, well, why, why, why isn't that possible, or why, you know, why the deficit at this point in time. So when we look at, you know, biomechanical considerations for the shoulder complex, you know, these are the things that you should be able to answer. So like what you brought up Tony was beautiful when when you bring up the the collarbone or the the clavicle, a lot of us don't realize, and if you do this, if something that we would do in our live workshops, if you put your fingers right here and you feel that that that SC joint right in there, and you just kind of move your shoulders and you raise your arm up and down. You should be able to feel this spinning, right? And right now it's like I can feel it moving, but then at a point I do get a little stuck. I mean, I haven't done my shoulder mobility work today, but understanding that tightness here, which now is connected to the sternoclittle mastoid, right? So if I've got tightness in my neck because I've been in this forward shoulder forward head position, if I if I've got a bad head and neck position, I'm going to increase the amount of stress at the shoulder. So this is what we have to take that multi-faceted approach to how we address, not just from the bottom up, like from the hip complex up to the shoulder complex, but we have to look from media to lateral as well as far as the shoulder go. So I mean, there's been plenty of times where you're just chasing symptoms, right? Because the shoulder might hurt here, but it might be because of something that's going on in the neck. So I can't remember if it's the pelvic ocular or ocular pelvic reflex, that's very much also influences how the head and neck are positioned relative to the hips. Yep, no, for sure, pelvic ocular reflex, yep, that's right. Yeah, it's it's crazy when you start to start piecing all this stuff together. Yeah, so I think you know, you bring it up that the clavicle has to move in order for that arm to move fully overhead is extremely important. And then obviously there's that relationship too between the scapula and the humerus. So restoring and or maintaining optimal scapula humeral rhythm is going to be really a critical piece to the puzzle as well. And for those of you who aren't familiar, that scapula-humeral rhythm essentially is basically a two-one ratio of humeral movement to scapula rotation. So as the arm goes overhead for every two degrees, at the arm goes overhead, the scapula moves one degree to maintain the congruency of that glente humeral joint. So you know, which is why when you're looking at programming for the shoulder complex, you can't ignore the scapula and the muscles that the control it in the process. Right. So and we'll I mean, when we get into the steps to return to performance, you know, one of the first steps in the corrective exercise strategy is inhibit. So lats because that came up as far as the, you know, one of the structures that affects the shoulder, a lot of people don't realize that the lats doesn't just connect up into the upper-medial portion of the of the humers, but as it comes down, it'll actually tie into the inferior angle of the of the scapula. So that one muscle not just connects to the humers, but also has a little intersection and strong influence on that on the shoulder blade. So that two to one ratio. I mean, we can you can affect a lot by addressing that one muscle. And then again, that just another point that feeds into why we need to understand the anatomy. So so that that that glenoheumula as well as that scapula thoracic relationship is a strong, strong piece of the puzzle when it comes to understanding how we can decrease the stress, especially when you talk about impingement being one of the more common injuries or sources of pain for a lot of people. Yep, yeah. Absolutely. You know, on the topic of pain, on the topic of injuries, you know, things that you may be assisting clients and athletes return to performance from. Yeah, obviously you've got, you know, some of you are more contact oriented injuries, you know, whether it's a, let's say a joint sprain or a fracture potentially. You mentioned impingement impingement as, you know, can is the most common diagnosis for shoulder pain? Is that right? Yeah, yeah, anything else? Yeah. Yeah, so you've got impingement, which, which we highlighted earlier, you've got your rotator cuff, tears and tendinopathys. Labrum tears, remember, the labrum is that cartilage, basically that fibro cartilage that extends off of the Glenoid. Basically, you know, it helps to provide stability to the, the head of the humorous in the Glenoid Fossa. And quite often the labrum can get torn and there's a few different types of labrum tears that you may hear of, whether it's a slap tear, bank cartilage, or anterior post-year tearing of the labrum. Then some other issues that could create pain and irritation, maybe anterior shoulder instability, which may be common in your, your overhead athletes. And the youth athlete population and, and, and other athletes as well, you might look into chronic overuse situations. And then some other maybe less common things, I'm dealt with this a couple times in my career where I've had clients come and back from adhesive capsulitis or, you know, frozen shoulder as well as, you know, with the, you know, the, the deshjockey client that you might encounter. The RASIC outlet syndrome is another one that, that you may encounter and have to assist people with, with returning to performance from. So you've got everything from, you know, stuff that's kind of isolated more to that Glenoid humoral joint that, and then you've got other things like TOS, which extends down into more of the scapula thoracic region. But certainly has effects and influence on what, what happens to the upper extremity from nerve and vascular compression standpoint. Right. That is a lot of stuff. That's a lot of things that the shoulder can go through. But again, as you, as you listen to Moptony and describe them, each one, I mean, on paper is going to have a different protocol. And when you get a referral from a medical professional again, diagnosing, even though you're, you're going to do an assessment, even though you're evaluating where somebody may show deficits, either in range emotion or strength. Any one of those things that Tony, you, you list it off, needs, if it's going to be a, I guess, a way of, if you're going to have to approach it in a certain way, just make sure that it's, you know, if there is a diagnosis that you're following any kind of restriction. That just goes for any kind of return to performance programming that at the medical professional, they, they have the ultimate say on, you know, what can or should or any kind of contraindications towards movement resistance, anything that you might do from a training perspective. But with that said, if there are things that you deserve through your assessment process, you can definitely integrate it into their return to performance programming. But, I mean, slap tears, I've actually heard somebody say, because of someone's movement assessment that, you know, you know, what, I think you might have a slap. I actually heard that in a gym. And just because, and this is the thing, right? Just, just because a certain somebody has had experience with an issue, automatically everything else seems like that, you know, it could be that issue. It's almost like, you know, somebody who has, you know, they've got vision problems. They're like, hey, you know what, you have trouble seeing, well, you know, so do I. So here's my glasses. You know, you might want to try these too. So so let's just say that when it, when it comes to tears and things like this, let's leave it to the medical professionals who are in place and skilled and licensed to take care and actually say such things. This because, you know, there's, there's a lot of information out there and sometimes too much information can be bad. But this is where we again, we have to be responsible to stay in our lane when it comes to the injurious side of someone coming back to play. So let's, you know, you're sitting based on how you're sitting right there. I think you might have a laboral tear. You might, you know, it is kind of sore. We'll just do a couple S.C.M. stretches and I'll take care of that right away. So one of the things that we've kind of been dancing around, but you know, we've said this term in the other webinars is the regional independence considerations, right? So we've, we've brought up the hips, we've brought up the neck on top of the thoracic spine. So just know that again, no one region of the body is an island in and of itself, right? It's, it's, it's, it's independent on how the other parts of the body work. So I mean, we didn't say it outright, but basically just feeds into that kind of a stream of a thought that, that, that, that component or that concept that, you know, regional independence is how the body works. And you can't look at the body as just a shoulder, just a hip, but when you look at the assessment process and, you know, starting off with just a static assessment, as well as moving on to a movement assessment, the static assessment tells you a lot when it comes to why somebody might be experiencing some stress or how we can get them to move better and decrease stress in a certain area. So Tony, walk us through, you know, when you start to assess somebody, how, you know, how do you start to, how do you actually start the process and someone comes to you and says, or you get an athlete that you're working with and they're saying, yeah, my shoulders kind of tender, been kind of tender after practice these last couple weeks, what do you start to look at? Yeah, yeah, I think from an objective assessment perspective, you know, subjectively obviously their activities and the things that they tell you, based on their history, all that should be taken into consideration as well. But we get into our objective assessments or a postural and movement assessments. First thing I'm going to look at with respect to static posture is their thoracic spine position. I want to see, do they present with excessive chyphosis in the thoracic spine? What's the position of their shoulder girdle or are they in more of a rounded shoulder posture? And then also their head carriage is their head stacked over the trunk appropriately or do they present with more of a forward head carriage? So just, you know, very quickly, that'll give me some insight into, you know, some of the things that we may have to contend with from a programming standpoint. If we see excessive chyphosis in the thoracic spine, we see some rounded shoulders and or a forward head. For many of the regions, we've already discussed if the thoracic spine is rounded excessively. Then, as you try to move the arm overhead that's going to limit or influence the ability of the scapula to posteriorly tilt, which is going to affect range of motion going overhead, rounded shoulder posture, that will also affect the position of the scapula. If the client has more of an anteriorly tip, scapular position, then that's going to affect again the ability for that scapula to tilt posteriorly when when you go overhead, along with a number of other movements. And then forward head position, can you already talked about that? And it's influence based on the muscles and the knack, it's influence on the different joints in the shoulder, SC joint, AC joint, and then also the position of the scapula as well. So in that head comes forward, that's going to create increased tension in the muscles in the cervical spine that could also influence the position of the scapula. So, so, bitually, as we talked about before, the static cross-roleicessment can give us insight into some of the habits of our clients. And maybe we can influence some change by getting them to focus on some of those habitual patterns that they might find themselves in. If somebody is sitting at a desk all day, making sure that they're more aware of how they're sitting, maybe ergonomically, if there's a different setup at work that we need to that we need to address all of that's going to feed into that static posture. And then from there, we get into our movement assessments. We'll look primarily at the overhead squat and the compensations that maybe more important as it relates to this region of the body would be, you know, scapular elevation. So, if you see excessive shrugging as the arms go overhead, potentially low back arching. So, if you see low back arch, you may have to do a couple other assessments to determine if that low back arch is coming from the more from the hip complex or if it's being caused or if it's being attributed more to the lat. But either way, when that lumbar spine goes into extension, the pelvis and sorely rotates, that's going to affect the lat. And that in turn is going to affect the shoulder. And then the big one is to the arms fall forward. Do they migrate more into adduction, laterally in the frontal plane or do the elbows flex? And any one of those things indicates that there's, you know, some additional mobility assessments that should be done in the shoulder complex to kind of drill down, you know, what muscles are overactive, what muscles are relatively underactive and and that will help guide your programming. So, yeah, anything else you look for, Ken, in the assessments? With the static, I mean, that's that's pretty much it. I mean, they, I would say, and I don't know if we've brought this up before in that, you know, when when we're doing a static assessment, the last thing we want to do is tell somebody, I'm going to go look at your posture right now because instantly what are they going to do? They're going to get tall, they're going to bring their shoulders back and they're going to totally change their natural, you know, body position or as they may be, you know, holding themselves for the most part during the day. So, what it comes to the static assessment, you know, it's all those things you, you point at and, you know, from the front position, I'm also looking at things like, you know, you know, of course the kinetic chain checkpoints, ears, over shoulders, over hips, over knees, over ankles from the lateral view, but, you know, especially when it comes to, you know, working with golfers where they might have a little bit of of a static right to left or just show for a right-handed golfer, they might have a static right to left rotation, right? And that's the way they hold themselves just because, you know, you don't see somebody after the 18-pole they shot, you know, if it's me, if it's 120, you know, just to the point where you stop taking score, you get a double par on that hole, so it's like, I just put it eight. So, you had a lot of swings and so you have a lot of bias with rotation so that might be another thing to look at. Also, just a little, you know, looking at lateral flexion as well, so when we, when we look at the body now, even from the static standpoint, it's not just, you know, about the sagittal plane, but also looking at, you know, how is somebody positioning in the, you know, if you're talking about, you know, flexion or lateral lateral flexion or even just rotation, so looking at how the body's holding itself in all three planes of motion, just because if I'm working with a right-handed picture, they're going to almost show the same thing, but also they might show a little elevation through that throwing side also. Or maybe even you look at, you know, when we talked about the hip, we're talking about, you know, looking assessing the iliac crest, and you might notice a, you know, one might be a little bit higher than the other. Of course, that's a reflection of also what's going on with the, with the hip itself, as well as the foot position. So again, whether there's a zig, there's going to be a zag, but as we get into the, you know, start looking at the assessments and actually start looking at the motions that they might do. Now we want to look at how does this, how does this person interacting with the ground and how is their body responding? And the assessment gives you great insight on that. So, you know, but a lot of good stuff, I think when Alan Russell looked at me, I think he saw all three of those arm, so elbow flex, elbow fall to the side, and it fall forward. So I think I showed all of those to different degrees. Now, now, you, you've, again, you've worked with high-level athletes, you've traveled with some athletes. Now, if someone was if a player was a thrower to an extent, how would you address the hips? Because we talk so much about the hips in last week. We talked about the hip complex. How would you address the hips as it relates to the shoulder? Yeah. Well, you know, the, the hip complex we've talked about how integral it is. Based on that regional interdependence model, but, you know, things to look for, again, from a mobility perspective, we'd want to look at things like hip extension. So doing the modified Thomas tests, as an example, if the, the individual, active extension, then they may compensate through the Lumbar spine, which is then going to affect the lat and feed up into the shoulder. But the other big one is going to be hip rotation. And so we know that hip rotation, both on the, on the, the trailing hip, as well as the lead hip, can have profound impact on the shoulder and can lead to increase stress on the shoulder if there's a lack of, of rotation on both on both hips. So, for example, let's say you're dealing with a right-handed thrower, a right-handed pitcher. If they lack, hip internal rotation on their trailing hip, as they go through cocking, the arm back, if they can't internally rotate through that, through that loading phase, then it's going to require them to externally rotate the shoulder to a greater degree. It's going to cause them potentially to arch through the spine to a greater degree, all in an attempted to to gain more eccentric load. In order to produce more force concentrically through through acceleration. So, if you can't internally rotate over that back or trail hip, basically you're going to be stuck in more of an externally rotated position at the hip, which means you're going to have to compensate through the the upper extremity with more external rotation and extension. And as you get up into the shoulder, if there isn't, if you go through more external rotation while in most throwers, you're going to see more external rotation range of motion because of what's required during layback, that can increase anterior instability in the shoulder. So, that can create irritation and lead to pain and issues there. But then you're also going to see more stress to the medial elbow. So, again, if you can't load the hips, you're going to arch through the spine. You're going to have to compensate by trying to externally rotate the shoulder more and that's going to put more valgus stress on the medial elbow. So, when you think about medial elbow stress, medial elbow pain, the prevalence of Tommy John and the increase in Tommy John's that are done. Some of that could be mitigated by looking at hip rotation. We're talking about the trailing hip. Then when you look at the lead hip, as the, as the thrower goes through the acceleration phase and they go to decelerate on that front side, if they lack internal rotation on the lead hip, then they're going to land with that front foot more turned out. And as a result of that, their hip, their lower extremity going up into the, into the trunk, can't decelerate the forces as well. So, when you're looking at dissipating force and decelerating, as they go through acceleration and follow through, if the lower extremity can't offset some of that, then it's going to force the arm and shoulder to decelerate more that force. So, when you look at the posterior rotator cuff and forspinatus, Terry's minor, posterior capsule, that's going to receive more eccentric stress. And then the elbow, as well, is going to receive more eccentric stress, which over time could lead to irritation and ultimately injury. So, hip rotation, when you look at that, there is a correlation between a lack of hip rotation and medial elbow stress and medial elbow injury. So, with overhead and throwing athlete, it's just going to be a key thing. So, again, we're talking a lot about the shoulder complex, but you can't ignore the other aspects of the chain, because throwing is a total body activity. Right. So, and so for everybody listening right now, if you, if you just wanted to get a little snippet of our return to performance for overhead athletes, just rewind the last five minutes. And basically, you got the bulk of the, that next webinar. So, no, that's good stuff. But, again, throwing is the ultimate example of how the hips and the shoulders actually work together. Right. So, and when we look at that, you know, the other assessments I can feed into that process, or one other assessment that can feed into that is a gate assessment. So, if you, if you have experience in watching gate and can, you can, can make some, you know, observations, some objective observations, as far as how the hips and the shoulders rotate, and this, you know, different things that you might observe as far as, you know, not just with, with gate, with, you know, a difference in stride length, and on one side versus the other, and then you can look at the complementing upper body or thoracic response to how the hips move. So, throwing again is, is one great example. It is a sports specific example of how the hips and the shoulders affect each other, top to bottom, bottom to top, but also just, if you want to pair it down a little bit, watching someone's gate as they walk away from you and they, as they walk towards you or even getting a lateral view as they walk across the room, you can kind of, you can get a great example of how someone moves. So, one of the things that I'll do, when I watch someone's gate and Tony, you know, you can share what you observe from an assessment standpoint is, you know, I'll look at shoulder hip counter rotation, but I'll also look at shoulder position. So, if someone's, someone's arms are internally rotated enough to where I see, I'm looking at the, the palm of their hand as they're walking away from me, or if I'm watching and seeing all, all knuckles as they walk towards me, that's telling me, it's given me some insight on how their shoulder is positioned as they walk, right? What else would you look at, if you're doing a gate assessment on somebody? Yeah, and I think I look for, for very similar things, just looking at, you kind of alluded to this statically, but just looking at the, the position of their, their shoulders and trunk in the, in the orientation in the frontal plane. So, just to see if they're laterally flexing more to one side or the other, I think gate, it does, it provides a tremendous opportunity to see how the, the lower extremity and upper extremity function together. You know, we think of, of walking as a sagittal plane activity, but it's really the culmination of movement and all three planes. It's kind of directing us forward, and so just being able to appreciate, you know, from foot contact all the way up, seeing if you get that good counter rotation, seeing if there's, if there's upper body movement at all, there's some people who don't, who don't move their upper body when they walk, right? That can provide some insight into into some things. Also looking, again, what happens at the Lumbar spine? So going back to hip rotation, if there's a lack of hip rotation, then somebody may have to compensate more through the low backs. You may see quite a bit of upper body rotation and not a lot of lower body movement. So, thanks for all of that, Tony. A lot, a lot of good points now, as we look from the lower body and, and looking at the thoracic spine. Now, we can start to look more specifically at the shoulder, which I know that as we're talking about the shoulder complex, is what a lot of our listeners are looking forward to. So, when we look at the, when you look at the shoulder and how it moves, like what we said earlier, I mean, there's a lot of degrees of freedom there. So, how do we assess those degrees of freedom? Well, by, you know, by looking at the shoulder, we need do need to isolate it to some extent. So, something is simple as, you know, standing position with, you know, head shoulder hips, heels against the wall, and then you can do a simple, a straight arm raise, looking at shoulder flexion. You know, you could easily do that on the table, but as far as real time goes, I'd rather have somebody standing and see how their body reacts in that standing position. From that same position, standing against the wall doing some kind of, you know, shoulder internal external rotation. Now, if you're not skilled at using a goonyometer, just looking at something as simple as, you know, just looking at, how does the right side versus the left side move, right? Whereas, someone's doing a straight arm raise with their left side, and they try it with their right arm, and the right arm comes up, you know, 15, 20 degrees shorter than their left. Then you can make a bilateral comparison between one shoulder and the other. Same thing goes for shoulder internal rotation, external rotation, from that vantage point. Then also, something that we can, you might look at as, as being really simple, almost so simple that you may not use it as the horizontal abduction, right? So, and what we're looking at there is as the arm is coming out to the side, you know, are they, you know, are there any hitches or glitches when it comes to the shoulder? Is it, is it migrating anterior or is there a shoulder shrug? So, those are some specific examples of how we can isolate movements to the shoulder. So, when I execute those, I'll usually do those in the standing position. Anything I'm missing there Tony as far as, you know, other things you might look at specifically to the shoulder. Now, I think those are the, those are the key, the key things to look at. I can remember if we mentioned it or not, but, you know, thoracic rotation would be one to look at as well, that, you know, is again, more trunk specific, but directly influences what happens at the shoulder, the shoulder girl, thoracic extension potentially, and then if, yeah, if you feel it's warranted based on the other assessments that you've done, you may want to look at cervical range of motion and mobility into lateral flexion and rotation, because those muscles that influence both of those motions can directly affect the scapula and thus the shoulder. So, right. And, you know, and, and, and, and, and, and I encourage all trainers to do those assessments. So, first of all, you know, go through the National Academy Sports Medicine, corrective exercise specialist, as it has been updated to incorporate these assessments that we're discussing right now, but, you know, when you, when you do something like just a simple, you know, cervical rotation, right, left, and lateral flexion. I mean, very rarely do I get somebody who's 100% on that. So, in the case of having, let's say, just shoulder issues, you know, the one, one of the gears going back to the earlier in this webinar is that if, if we, if we don't move well here, we're not going to move well here. So, the neck winds up being one of those things that, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's almost close enough to address, but far enough to, to, to discount to some extent, as far as how it influences the shoulder. And then one more assessment, which is more of a dynamic assessment is the Davies test. And just for those of you that aren't familiar with the Davies test is just basically two markers, about 30 inches apart, and you've got your hands placed on those markers, and you're just going to tap right to left. And within the, the timeframe, however you want to execute it, is it 15 or 10 seconds, Tony, as far as the time to, yeah, 15, 15 seconds, hands 36 inches apart, 36 inches apart. So, I've got, so where that 30 came from, is that I've got 30 inches markers on my, on my flooring, because I have a lot more, I have some smaller statute athletes. So, I do make the, I do make the consideration for that for that with, because if you get somebody who's five four and doing that 36 inches is pretty far apart. So, with that assessment, as I'm explaining to you guys, as long as you're consistent with yourselves and your facility and how you practice that assessment, with the, with the, with the baseball player who might be 64, right, 36 inches all the way, but, you know, as long as you get some insight on, okay, how, how well does that shoulder bear weight, how, how, how well does it accept load when you are shifting, your, your center of gravity right to left as you're tapping, hand to hand for that timeframe, because, you know, once you take that stop, you know, that stop watch out a lot of people get really competitive. So, not just about, you know, quantitatively, how many hand taps that they get go on those 36 inches, but also from, from a qualitative standpoint, on how does their shoulder, how does their shoulder react, you know, are they, is there, is there scapular winging, are they shrugging, are they losing posture, are they arching through that low back, or is that whole midsection, sagging, is ahead dropping forward. So, as they, as they start to focus on the clock and just tapping the hands, they lose focus on, on posture. So, we want to, we want to see how the body reacts from that, from that forward, forward-loaded position. So, anything else you'd add to that? I mean, it's a great, it's a great upper body assessment. I use it, and I'm not just for upper body assessments, but just as far as the core is concerned. Yeah, and I think you, you hit all the key points there, Ken, and probably the best takeaway, biggest takeaway that you highlighted was, as long as you're consistent in your, in your process, and your protocols, from client to client, that's the most important thing. So, modifying particular assessment, in this case, modifying the protocol to meet the needs of, you know, clients who are smaller and stature is perfectly acceptable for those of you out there listening. You just want to make sure that when you reassess the client, you're using the same methods and same protocols so that you can get an accurate picture of progress or potentially regression. So, yeah, the Davies Test, fantastic assessment really does give you some good insight into how well your clients upper extremity, what their stability is like, and their control and their ability to accept load on each side. Right. So, let's talk about programming now. So, you know, we've gone over some situations that your athlete may be coming in with or your player may be coming in with. So, we've had some input, hopefully, from the athlete, from the medical professional, who maybe were referring an athlete to you, and we know that there's, there is an objective to return to the field of play. We've assessed, first of all, you know, we have a basic understanding of anatomy, you know, not just bonus structures, but the muscles and tendons, generally that cross that area, but also, again, with the regional interdependence model. Now, we, we know to take a more global approach to how we look at the body. So, the next phase is to be to look at how we would start to reintegrate activity to restore function, if you will. So, before we do get into that, I mean, there are some return to performance concepts that, you know, Tony and I, we discussed this before, but when we talk about anatomy, as much as we can look at a textbook, the person in front of us ultimately tells us how their body works, right? So, we have to teach, I mean, we have to be able to work with and address the body that's in front of us, not just as a textbook, my tell us too, but we have to respect that anatomy because when somebody comes in and they've been compromised physically, just just know that they're, they're, they're physical history also dictates how that body is going to move because if someone comes here, even though we're talking about the shoulder right now, but if they've got a history of ankle issues, you know, hip issues, which might lead into why they got hurt with the shoulder to begin with, but, you know, the anatomy plus their, their body's history needs to come into play, but as we start to look at the individual and their, you know, how different their body is the other thing we have to do is, is meet them where they need to be met, because some people are ready for this information, just like you and I Tony shared in the beginning of this webinar is that, you know, when when Al Russell was, was telling me that it's not my shoulder, it's my body, I got a body problem, right? And you know, in that I was, I was, I was incurring all this stress here because I can't control my core, well, I won't say that I was that guy that was doing 100 setups every day, how dare you tell me that my core was weak, it's, for somebody to kind of, you know, almost punch you in the face and say, listen stupid, it's not this, it's something else, you know, and as much anatomy as I've taken in my, in my college, curriculum, and that's like, I don't, I don't get it. Some people, it's hard to get that through their head as far as explaining how, you know, one area's dysfunction is because of another area, you want you to agree? Yeah, totally, right? So, and then moving on from that, I don't like you're still, you sound like you're still traumatized. I am, I'm actually, I'm actually going to message Mr. Russell. But I'll say that, you know, it's like, it sometimes does take that punch in the face to say, you know what? Yeah, it's, why did I see this before? But, you know, 20 years ago, that concept, I mean, it's, it wasn't out there, not, not that old skill as it is today. No, no, a novel concept indeed. Yeah. And then the other thing is is that, you know, when you're dealing with athletes specifically, especially in this day and age where athletes will specialize earlier and earlier and earlier and there in their life, like, you know, you see some, you see a lot more kids now that will play one sport, like as a sixth grader, right? You know, and so, so that what, the reason for me bringing that up is is that sometimes now if you have a, let's pick on baseball again, you have a kid who's been doing baseball since, you know, they were 10, 11 years old and now they're in college and they don't move well because they've been doing one motion for their sport, you know, for, for, you know, possibly close to a decade already. So, you know, that's the other thing as a, as a fitness professional or a strength condition, it goes trying to get somebody back to performance is that you have to improve their diversity as far as their movement goes, right? So, increasing or improving their library or their catalog of movement strategies, ones of being, you know, one of the things that you have to incorporate to help, again, for, you know, develop a resilient, durable body so that when they do return to play, they're not, you know, they're not as susceptible to being as injured again because, I mean, Tony, how many times have you seen somebody, they've come to you for the same issue, like, you know, multiple times a year maybe? Quite often, actually I saw clients yesterday who came back after after not having done their, their program for a while. So, right? Yeah, so, time and again, very, very common. All right, so with, with that said, you know, we do have to take a multi-pronged approach and then as we've said before, the corrected vector size process is one of those things that takes into consideration. One, you, you will have assessed the, the person for, for total body movement patterns, not just picking on the shoulder, but we need to look at how the whole body works. So, once you take the assessment results, the cumulative results, you've taken all those data points and now you can come up with a strategy or a plan that addresses, first of all, can they move? Do they have the requisite range of motion at those joints that we talked about? Whether it's the shoulder or the hip, you know, first of all, do they have the flexibility and range of motion to do what they need to do well in their, in their sport of choice? And then are they stable? There and can they be strong there? So, for those steps again, for those that aren't familiar with the corrective exercise strategy as the National Academy Sports Medicine teaches it, you know, it's inhibit lengthens, so we need to get the muscle to relax. Then we take advantage of that muscle's relaxed state to now lengthen and gain more range of motion through that area and then we need to upregulate or activate the of those latent muscles that that haven't been doing their job, if you will. And then when we talk about integration, now in the context of return to performance integration has now added context. Now we're not just trying to coordinate everything from, from, you know, top to bottom, but now we have to get it to function as it relates to the sport that we're trying to get them back into. So, so when we're talking about the shoulder again, we're just going to give you a couple examples of the things or the areas the key areas that might be responsive just based on their influence on the shoulder, the shoulder complex. So, when it comes to inhibition, you know, what one of the things we're looking at is, you know, again, the lats, a big prime mover based on, you know, what a lot of people are doing these days with that forward-head, forward-shoulder, the lats, the packs and the upper traps, wind up being key areas that will benefit strongly. Whether you play sports or not, those are some really key areas that will help with not just the, let's say, the throar, but also just general population overall. And I do have nearby an example of, you know, we're talking about the upper traps, you know, we're talking about foam rollers and things like that, but just to give you an idea of other tools and influence, this is a ferricane, right, which when brought up and here and known door spent from Therocaine, it's just one of those tools that I use a lot. So, if I'm watching a video, this is one of those things I'll use and I'll get that in there, as often as I can, just because of my history with that controller issues, when it's being one of those things that if I don't do it during the day, five o'clock, six p.m., I am crushed just right in there as far as neck tension goes. So, so the point of me bringing that up is that self-myofascial techniques incorporating inhibition into your day, it doesn't, it doesn't need to be complex, it can be, it can be kind of interwoven or, you know, integrated minutes at a time and just think of it as a cumulative effect when it comes to getting the area to relax. Anything to add to that component when it comes to the shoulder? Yeah, you're the just thoracic spine, just based on your assessments of the client is presenting with a little bit more kifosis, or if you've done the mobility assessments in the thoracic rotation and an extension and they were found to be limited, then you definitely want to roll the the T spine to try to, to offset that a little bit. Yeah, right. Perfect, yeah, a lot of times, you know, I'll forget, but as far as thoracic extension goes, but I tell you what, you know, we have to get that thoracic spine to move because I mean, just think of where your lungs are located, if we're flexed hunched everyday, we're compressed through that part of the spine and that denies your lungs the ability to expand and contract. So the quality of air and oxygen and just facilitating the the respiratory process is heavily influenced by how our upper spine is positioned throughout the day again. If you're forward, you drive a lot, you read the you read your book, computer, whatever, we take away a lot when it comes to thoracic mobility. So to ride along with that, you know, peck stretches, it's stand, you know, a wall stretch, a wall peck stretch, you know, a scaling stretch, levator stretch, these these different neck positions, getting these muscles in this quadrant of of this shoulder complex is going to be very important again to restore function or storm mobility to that area. The thoracic rotation winds it being so, you know, an upper spinal twist, something that just opens you up and gets, you know, those big gross rotational stretches wind it being very impactful. And on on the lengthening part Tony, do you have a go to, I mean, whether I listed it or not, as far as getting some in getting some length to the shoulder complex? Now, I think again, you kind of mentioned it with the an inventory techniques, it's it's easy to get overly complex with programming sometimes and with with this, I think most of the programming you want to you want to try and stick to the basics. And so you mentioned everything that I would do wall peck stretch, ball lat stretch potentially, as well, the neck trunk and then, you know, depending on the client and what what they're coming to you from the posterior shoulder, you might do like a cross body horizontal adduction stretch, which may be good for the posterior capsule, posterior cuff for clients who maybe limit it in internal rotation of the shoulder that's been shown to be a pretty effective stretch over maybe your more traditional sleeper stretch type position. But yeah, I think real simple stuff and you alluded to this, it doesn't, it shouldn't take a ton of time. We're talking about a few minutes throughout the day. The most important thing with these programs is consistency and, you know, it's better to do a few things very frequently and consistently than trying to cram in a ton of stuff that that only gets done every every few days. So that's that's where the assessment process and assessment flow that you mentioned from the CES that becomes even more important to your programming with your client because then it allows you to be more selective with the exercises you give and narrows that focus down so that instead of doing 15 exercises from the inhibitory through integration steps, maybe they're doing 8 exercises total or maybe it's even less. You know, if you can drill it down to as few exercises as possible to get the ideal result, that's that's what you want to go for. So, right, to make a short answer really long. No, no, there's not a couple of people who would put in there. That's pretty much our whole webinar. Just a couple guys. Yeah, that's right. Between two firms. So when we're talking about, I got the giggles. All right, so now that we've got Ranger, we established Ranger Motion. We've gotten those overactive muscles kind of calm down a little bit now it's about getting the opposing muscles or the other muscles that surround that area to do their part if you will and to strengthen up and to kind of share, you know, sharing the, you know, sharing the load here. So when we talk about strengthening, you know, there's some go-to exercises that I'll look at for the shoulder. So, and this is a thing when it comes to fitness professionals, especially those that are familiar with the NSM, corrective exercise model and, you know, here's the thing that I tell a lot of trainers because Tony told me what you think about this is that they'll tell you it's like, what new exercises can I do to help with, you know, the shoulder and you tell them, well, there's the cobra and there's a there's a scapcion. Yeah, there's a region poll and for those of you that are listening, you know, that's those are just basic isolation strengthening exercises for that area. Like, no, no, no, do you have anything else? It's like, no, that's those there's a, there's a ton of exercise out there, but if there's, if there's a routine or movement strategy that works, forget new when the, when the old stuff works, use the old stuff. So, you know, getting into, again, the benefits of doing, let's say, a cobra, you're getting scapular retraction, depression, right? You're activating those mid lower traps, those rhomboids and a lot of times, if you're in a forward shoulder position, forward head position, those are the exact muscles you need to to light up to get those guys to turn on because if those aren't on, then, you know, now the last will start to kick into help try and stabilize, you know, the scapula as well as the glimmer here will join it. It allows that forward or protracted position. So, now the glimmer, here will join, it's going to be riding a little bit forward in front of the rib cage. So, you know, when we talk about those basic movements, you know, it's, it's, they, just stick with the basics on that one. So, I know that when I say scapula, cobra and a reach and pull, you know, you may go, you may die deeper if you want to add some progressions, but those are those are the ones that pretty much will hit a lot of the muscles that have that will typically show up as underactive in the, in the assessment process. Yeah, and Ken, I didn't have, I couldn't see the reach and pull. Did you demonstrate that? Or did you describe that for, for the, the group if they're not familiar with that? Yeah, so a reach and pull, now let's, let's just say if you're still listening to us, the, you know, there's, there's some supporting information that you can refer to when you, when you finish this, when you finish this webinar. We've got some Instagram posts that will show and demonstrate some of the exercises and mobility, actually, mobility work that we've, we've talked about already. So, if you look on Instagram under March 30th under NSM underscore fitness, we go over a bear crawl. Okay, there's an April 4th. There was a shoulder care protocol program that there was no equipment involved. And I think it's in that video that we talk about the reach and pull. And all it is is if you're, if you're in a quadripet position, hands under shoulders, knees under hips, now we are reaching under and we are rotating. So if you imagine, I'm in a, in a, in a 4 point or quadripet position, I'm reaching under and then I'm going to reach over. I know you can't get a good vantage point on me on that one, but you do have some support, materials there as it is shown through the National Academy of Sports Medicine in the Grand Site. So quadripet for Greshens, Regretions, again, good shoulder stability work there. And there's a shoulder care Instagram posts on April 9th. Tony, you did one using for upper body as well, didn't you? Yeah, we just did those is me and Wendy. We did some core and upper upper body slider variations that you know, we get into some of the integration exercises. You might be able to to throw some of those in there too, but cool. Yeah, it's good to know. Yeah, a lot of good stuff on the IG. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, so everything too, sorry, Ken, with with the scapcion, again, for those of you who may may not be familiar with the scapcion exercise, basically a scapcion is movement in the scapular plane. And the scapular plane is basically 30 to 45 degrees anterior to the frontal plane of the body. So if the arm was directly out to the side of the body and the frontal plane, you would move the arm forward about 30 to any or from 30 to 45 degrees. And it's in that position where the axis of the humorous is inline with the axis of the scapula. So for a lot of individuals, their movement is going to be much less restricted in this position. If you're going through flexion and abduction in this position, then it might be in purely sagittal plane, purely frontal plane patterns. And so for individuals who have some discomfort in the shoulder complex, the scapular plane is one that could benefit that moving in the scapular plane, activating different muscles in that shoulder complex while position in the scapular plane can be beneficial. Yeah, so as far as that, a great exercise, you know, you joked around the it's like it's it's an oldie but goodie. And basically all my clients, you know, again, they have the retro requisite stability to hold themselves. We'll do that, but it's also, you know, when we talk about integration, you know, you get somebody, you know, using the physio ball getting somebody in that prone position with the ball under their under their ribcage and abdominal area, you can do these exercises. So you can do a ball cobra. And the thing about that, as far as an integrated exercise goes now, we're having that plank position essentially. Now you're integrating the hips, making sure that you have that good extension through the hips and the knee. And if you're bracing yourself against the wall, you're using that whole posterior chain while you're now integrating the shoulder. So taking it away from just a standing where a quadripet version of a cobra or a scapcion. Now we can use the ball and actually increase the demand as it relates to using the whole body. So another version of an integrated exercises, a ball shoulder combo one and two. So now, you know, you can have go through retraction, external rotation, overhead, overhead press. And then now you just reverse that again, all from the prone position or you can get into another shoulder combination where you get into the scapcion and then out to the side and a T and then down into the cobra. So now you can integrate two of those great movements in one exercise. Anything else that is far as the integration? So just a simple integration as we might use it, Tony. Yeah, I mean, obviously we talked about it. You get those those standbyes are great, you know, changing body position. So when you think of this, you know, integrated, integrated patterns where you could do things on a single leg. So transitioning somebody maybe from a prone position into more of an upright position before that you can get into half kneeling, tall kneeling, just think of all of your, your progressions, your basic support progressions until you get up into a single leg. You can do single leg scapcion, single leg PNF patterns, single leg combos. So those are, those are all really, really good. As you progress in advance a client through. Also when you think about return to performance, many of the exercises that we've mentioned at this point are maybe more lower threshold in nature. And so ultimately when you think of the velocities involved and let's say throwing, the forces that are produced and that have to be controlled are are tremendous. And so ultimately when it comes to returning somebody in a full performance, you have to get those muscles, get the, and get the body condition to responding and performing at the speeds and velocities that that they're going to have to contend with during whatever activities are being performed. And so to assist with that dynamic stability at different speeds, you can add in perturbations, which, you know, can we've discussed as a release of the lower extremity and, and hips, but you can also do perturbations for the upper extremity. You can do what's called rhythmic stabilizations where, you know, let's say in an open chain, you could have your client do this with two bang where they just asymmetrically hold their arm and shoulder in a certain position. Let's say it's in a scapular plane. You're holding under the other end of the two bang and you're just applying resistance and various directions that they have to stabilize against. You know, you could do that with a variety of of modalities. You know, talk about going old school, you got the body blade, which provides some of those perturbations and rhythmic stabilization elements there. So you can go through different patterns with the body blade, whether it's a PNF pattern, D1, D2 patterns, flexion extension. You know, this is great where I love to use the hyper, hyper-ish rules, whether it's a Viper or in the case of the shoulder, use the hyper-spear, hyper-spear mini, where you can turn it on and you can adjust the speed, one, two, or three and have your client go through different patterns holding onto the hyper-spear because the vibration stimulates those rhythmic stabilization contractions through the upper extremity. So open chain, you can do a lot of stuff. Any of the exercises that Ken just mentioned, the combo ones, combo twos, cobras, you can do with with the added vibration stimulus and that can add another element to the exercises and the response that you get from the muscles and the tissues. And then you can do those things close chain as well. So again, from integration standpoint, we have our slider variations. You can do perturbations or rhythmic stabilization from a variety of different positions. So if you think of going back to that quadruped position, you can have your client hand on the floor, hand on a medicine ball, hand on hands on a stability ball. All of those, you can perform rhythmic stabilization, whether it's you applying different perturbations to them or you're using various resistance modalities to do that or you're having them perform different movements, which in and of itself provides the perturbation or rhythmic stability stimulus. You've got bear call variations which are fantastic to get those muscles in the scapegoat in the shoulder complex. These mean shoulder complex coordinated and working with each other. And then you've got things like box step-up switch. Again, just works on desoloration and acceleration in a closed chain environment. And I don't know if we mentioned this, but one of the goals with the with the shoulder complex reconditioning and in return to perform programs is reestablishing coordination of those shoulder complex muscles. So when you think of force couples, critical force upper and the shoulder relationship between the upper trap, lower trap, and serratus anterior to control upward rotation of the scapula. And when you think of your bear call variations, those stress that upper rotation force couple very nicely, a lot of different stability ball options to whether it's stability ball rollouts, stir the pots, you name it, stuff against the wall, whether it's just circle. Anything to work on that coordination between those key muscles and that force couple is going to be important. And then obviously you've got to integrate the upper extremity with the core and the lower extremity as well. So, you know, those are some things to consider. And we just listed out a laundry laundry with the stuff, fire hose coming at you. And then the thing too, I think the last thing before we get in for Ken, I want you to get into some performance drills that you've done, is just some desoloration drills. So that's where you can do tossing and catching type stuff with you know, small weighted ball or if you're using a rebound or whatever, whatever tools you have here disposal. But again, working on getting those and scapula muscles to desolary at higher speeds is going to be important as you help that client return to performance. Right. Right. And just so you know, guys, when it comes to these exercises that you bring up, you know, so the ball tosses, bear crawls, you know, these different levels of integration, you can have a relatively healthy person, something that, you know, somebody that's, you know, they're they're well-adept at their sport. But these are some great movements that they can do just to maintain a scapula or a shoulder complex health. So even though they may not be injured, it may be a sequence of the events or a strategy that you can use as a straight coach or personal trainer to keep someone healthy. So just because we're talking about return to performance, these these ideas and concepts when it comes to the like even if you mentioned Tony, like these are lower threshold stuff, a higher level athlete might look at it as a, as more of a movement preparation or more smart warm up as I've heard Kyle Stald mentioned it. So so as far as performance based drills, you know, just so you guys know, I mentioned Tom House earlier in the webinar. You know, he's he's a you know, pitching coach, you know, played for, you know, actually quite a few baseball teams in the 70s and the 80s. But he also was one of those guys that way back in the day. He was doing sports reconditioning before was called that. So return to performance is not a new idea. It's not a new concept. It's something that he's done specifically with throwers, pitchers specifically, you know, in the 80s and the 90s. I said, even today, but some of the drills I'm going to bring up, I have to give credit to Tom for exposing me to that. But I will also say that even though I learned it in the context of baseball, returned to performance, I've used it for swimmers. I've used it for football players. I've used it for just general conditioning for, you know, you know, this group of guys that are, you know, between 60 and 70 years old and, you know, so from from junior high to senior citizens, these these tools or these exercise can be used there. So throw and hold. So that's one of those things. You go through a full throwing motion. So if I've got, let's say, a baseball is five ounces, I'll go through the throwing motion, but I will hold on to the ball. Okay, so that's one thing. So if you, if you have a tennis racket and you're, you're trying to get back into serving, you know, you're don't throw your racket. So you're going to hold onto your racket as you go through the motion. So if you're a baseball player or softball player, you take that ball. You still go through the same throwing motion, but you hold on to the ball. Okay, flex T karaoke is. So if you understand a karaoke, that's a forward step backwards step. So you're going, laterally, and you're, and you're moving side to side as you would a karaoke. But you're holding your arms up in a 90 degree position. And if I'm doing a karaoke to the left, I'm going to look left. And if I go, we have to go the other way, I carry a okra right. I look right. You keep your shoulders out to the side while your hips rotate under you. So that's, so that's a motion that helps with that counter rotation. But because I'm in this relatively speaking, a shoulder externally rotated position, I am placing active demand on my posterior cuff. So as my body is moving, as my hips are rotating right and left, my rib cage is moving under my shoulder blade. So instead of this shoulder on rib cage movement, I have a rib cage under shoulder movement. So it's just a different way of stimulating those muscles around the shoulder blade. And because of the demand we're placing on the glenoheumul joint, we're placing a different demand also on the rotator complex. So when you talk about horse coupling, as you mentioned, just a minute ago, Tony, it's just another way to stimulate those muscles to activation in that shoulder complex. Throwing, using a towel, and just going through the throwing motion. So it's not a ball. You've got a towel just woven in your fingers here. And you're just going through reps and reps marching down the field, going through that shoulder motion. So even though it's again, a baseball type or baseball derived motion, I'll use it to encourage that rotation counter rotation between the upper and the lower spine. So when it comes to performance drills for the sake of return to performance, even though it's derived from baseball, if you look at it at its essence, it's essentially trying to create that right to lure that upper lower body counter rotation, rotation counter rotation. So as I have a right-handed picture, I might do it right-handed, but if it's general population, I'll do it right side and left side. So it does get the cognitive system working a little bit more when you're thinking about coordinating the right side versus the left side, which we don't really challenge the cognitive system enough when we need to stimulate, you know, how the brain and the body works. So that's pretty much what I have to bring to the table when it comes to performance. But when we do talk about return to performance for overhead athletes, we will go more in depth and but you know, I'll go ahead and generate some some videos to complement these return to performance drills. Awesome stuff, man. Definitely looking forward to that. And for those of you who are still listening, when we get into the next few episodes in the series, we're going to provide you with some specific case study format where we'll get more into specific programming components. What we've done to this point with each of the complexes, you know, foot-nangle, knee-hip, and now shoulder complexes, you know, we've kept things a little bit more general highlighted some of the big rocks and things that you want to focus on from a return to performance standpoint as we're relates to each of those regions. But in subsequent episodes, we're going to get much more specific and provide you with some example, very specific examples of programming for these different personas or different different case studies. So I'm excited about that. Looking forward to looking forward to learning from you, Ken, as always, and coming away with some new tools from a toolbox. But yeah, I think that brings us to the end of what we had on the docket for today, right? It's so fast. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, I believe we've been only talking for like 10 minutes here. But, uh, I'm surprised, Tony. Yeah. I'm going with you, buddy. So great time. Hey, we'll do this again next week. And we'll do, we'll do some more return to performance then. So again, on behalf of Tony and the National Academy of Sports Medicine, thanks everybody for listening and we will see you next week. Thanks everyone.

=== FILE: Return to Performance The Hip Complex [q4y6vbzbyMo].txt ===

How's it going everybody? This is Ken Miller with the National Academy Sports Medicine. And I'm here with our buddy Tony Amler, right? How you doing Tony? Fantastic Ken. Did everyone how's it going? Happy to be back this week. Yeah, yeah, this is our fourth week now in our series for our return to performance webinars and every week's getting better and better. As far as what we're able to address as we figure out, how to put together the OPET model when it comes to getting an athlete or somebody who's recreationally active from some kind of injury state or less an optimal movement situation back to performance or if they weren't in that shape that they needed to be in using this this optimal performing training system to get somebody there. So last week was the knee and the week before that the foot nankles. So if you are not familiar with what we've been doing so far, the overview was a great place to start as far as getting familiar with how we look at getting that client or that patient or that athlete of yours involved with return to performance. So today's topic is going to be related to the hip complex. So I'm coming to this webinar from Alameda California, which is in the Oakland Bay area and Tony is out there all the way across the country at Atlanta, Atlanta, Georgia. So the reason why I bring you up to speed on where we are, you know, the thing about it is when it comes to application of this system. You know, this is something that works great from, you know, working with any sport from anywhere. So Tony being the professional that he is and involved with the athletes that he's been working with or has worked with in the past. This is one of those things where it's always fun for me to connect with you Tony when it comes to learning how you've applied the system. And when it comes to the hip, this is a very impactful region of the body. And basically, as Tony and have prepared for this webinar, there was a million ways we can go about it. As far as how to address it. So Tony, just this little bit of overview, when you're working with an athlete and looking at the house among moves, what are some of the considerations that you take in when it comes to working with this region of the body? Yeah. Can I think like we've discussed with the foot ankle, the knee, and as we'll get into next week with the shoulder, everything is connected. And so, well, you may have patients, clients or athletes that end up with a pathology or injury in this hip region, oftentimes just based on that regional interdependence or kinetic chain approach and look at things, you'll quickly find that, you know, not only will you see things locally that may need to be addressed, that could be contributing or that contributed to why they got injured in the first place. But you may also have to look more globally at areas above and below the hip to also see what might have been influenced that region and could have led to increased stress there that ultimately led to the injury. So, you know, for me, I just, I always go back to the system that we, that we have at NASM where we go through a series of assessments, each assessment, basically helps you uncover more and more information, helps, and helps ride you with greater insight into what might be the underlying contributing factors to whatever your patient, client or athlete is dealing with and what you're trying to help them get back from with their training program. So, you know, for me, it starts with the footnacle. We go through the five kinetic chain checkpoints. We'll kind of talk through our assessment, recommended assessment process here in a few minutes for this region, but basically look at the entire body, how it functions in an integrated sense during a variety of different movement patterns, and then break that down into more local or isolated segments to see if we can, we can really find that root cause in the areas that we need to prioritize from a programming standpoint. Right, and that's awesome because, you know, when I was looking at, you know, just pictures of the anatomy of the hip, as complex as that area is, you have to have multiple vantage points on how you would program design like you're talking about, but well, before that, you know, figuring out how, you know, what is it that we need to flesh out as far as, you know, what component or what joint within the hip is actually experiencing the deficit. So, you know, just to talk about a little bit about anatomy of the hip, you know, it's what they would call an osteoarticular ring, right, when you have the the the the ilium and the sacrum and the pubis, you know, all connect to form a ring, right, and and any one of those points can cause stress throughout the whole system, right? So, when we're talking about the ilium for moral joint, the the iliosacral, the pubic emphasis, um, lumbus acrolyven to move up a little bit higher, there are winds of now being okay, well, flushing out of okay, well, how's this area doing, how's that area doing, how's this area doing, how's that area doing, how's that area doing, so just even just locally, there's enough to look at, but as you're talking about with regional interdependence, some of what the problem may be, like if someone's experiencing some kind of hip dysfunction or even pain, that can be coming from some place else. Yeah, yeah, 100%. And, you know, with respect to the the anatomical structures that you just mentioned or the joints that you just mentioned, iliofamoral joint for those of you who who may not be familiar, that's the the interface between the ilium and the femur, so basically our ball and socket hip joint, iliofacoral joint is where the ilium and the sacrum interface, and so as the the ilium moves on the sacrum, that's what we would define as iliofacoral movement, and then screen saber guys, sorry, I haven't fixed that yet, got me again, then you've got the pubis where you know, the at the front of the pelvis, and then you've got the sacra iliof joint on the back of the pelvis where again it's the same interface between the sacrum and the ilium, but sacra iliof movement is essentially when the sacrum is moving on the ilium versus the ilium moving on the sacrum, so you may see those referenced in that way because of how the movements are taking, pulling how those structures are interacting with each other, and so yeah, you're absolutely right, there are certain things that can be local to the hip, for example, if somebody has let's say anatomical changes to their iliofamoral joint where they have let's say a cam, a cam defect, or something like that with with the shape of the for moral head, that could be limiting movement of that iliofamoral joint into rotation, then there have been some studies of show that there's increased movement at the pubic synthesis, so it just kind of reinforces this whole thing that if there's limited mobility or limited motion available at one segment, it's going to have a direct impact on the adjoining and adjacent segments, and that increased that increased movement may lead to increased stress over time, which could then lead to some type of injury or pain experience for your clients. Right, yeah, that's a lot of information, so one of the, you know I'm always, I'm always good for that. Yeah, I told you, you can't keep me like right, I'm writing my notes, but again, you know, it's it's just one of those things where with everything that you're saying again, you would you talk about the iliofamoral and then the sacred iliac, that's I mean, that's, I mean, there's there's books just written on that joint alone, so that's a lot to digest, but I mean, going forward from the joints, now you have to talk about all the muscles that crossover that regional anatomy, right? So, so now we're talking, you know, we're talking about the the pubis or the pubic synthesis now we're talking about the muscles that connect an influence that area, so now we're talking about the adjoining complex, and again, get back to the the the sacred region now we're talking about the glute max glute media's hamstrings that connect into the lower part of the hip into the issue of tuberosity or the issue. So what we're talking about now, joints now you have to talk about the muscles that crossover, so and that's what really blends in, okay, well what's happening at the knee, what's happening at the low back, and what's happening at the shoulder to where someone can be experiencing some kind of pain or discomfort in the hip region, but it could be emanating from how the muscles interacting with, you know, a joint that's maybe, you know, an area that's one joint or maybe even sometimes two joints away when it comes to, you know, understanding your your functional anatomy. So with with that and I'll let you say your perspective on that one, Tony, but this is where we as fitness professionals, or anybody that works with the human body has to have, you know, some study or quite a bit of study when it comes to how muscles interact in the human body from an upright position. Yeah, absolutely, Ken, so when it comes to the muscles, again, when we talk about programming, we'll focus not only local to the hip complex and the muscles there, but we may also have to focus our attention, maybe down even at the foot neck, we'll complex or around the knee because how those, how those muscles, all those muscles rather, excuse me, influence what goes on more, approximately at the hips and pelvis. Right. So let's, let's get into a little bit of the, you know, we discussed anatomical considerations. So when it comes to something, it's something I've been watching, you know, for years now, you know, with with a lot of the presenters out there when it comes to activation of the hips, not to jump into programming too far, but when it comes to things like, you know, because you've been trainer for over 20 years now, when it comes to the squat, which, which has been a very popular, which is, which is one of the best total body exercises, you know, out there squats, lunges and things like that, how much consideration do you give towards anatomical differences when it comes to, and this is something that's come up a lot when I've, when I've presented workshops to personal trainers, how much consideration do you give for anatomical differences in performing squats and lunges? Like how much leeway? I mean, there's the textbook, you know, parallel lines between trunk and spine, spine and shin, and, you know, things like that. So how, how do you look at the body or appreciate the differences that each and every client offers and, and how do you address that in your, in your assessment process? Yeah, so I think, you know, one, we've talked about this as a group as well, just understanding the difference between an assessment and, you know, how you might program a squat as an exercise. They may be the same, they might be, they might be different. When it comes to the squat, let's say, from an assessment perspective, we need to standardize the process, so we're always going to have the same set up feet oriented straight ahead and parallel to each other, roughly, you know, hip to shoulder with the part, and by standardizing that set up that allows us to be more objective and reliable in our observations, and it allows us to, to better track progress and changes over time. When it comes to set up for squatting as an exercise, I tend to start off the same way. My goal would be to try to get somebody to be able to perform a squat with ideal ankle knee, hip, and trunk orientations with the feet pointed straight ahead, and anywhere from hip to shoulder with the part. Now, I start there, obviously, there are certain animal considerations that that that you may hear of like hip anti-version, hip retroversion, which is a change in the angle of torsion of the, of the femoral head and neck. You know, anti-version is basically going to be when the femoral head and neck is oriented more anteriorly, which will basically place the hip into a position of greater internal rotation. You might notice a little bit less stability at the hip joint, and a more toe-dend gate with somebody who has, you know, true anti-version at the hip, and then retroversion will be the opposite of that. The angle of torsion is oriented more posteriorly. They're going to be biased, more tors external rotation at the hip. It is a more stable position at the hip, and then, you know, that individual may feel more comfortable and a more toe-doubt type gate pattern. And so when you look at the percentage of the population that has true anti-version or retroversion, it's relatively small, and, you know, there are specific tests that you can, they can be performed in order to determine the level of anti-version or retroversion, but within the scope of the fitness professional or or strengthening conditioning coach, that's not really within, within our scope to do those tests. And so for me, I was just a pro-chit that I'm dealing based on my other assessments. I'm likely dealing with more of a muscular imbalance, and an alignment issue due to either muscle tightness or muscle weakness. And I'll address my programming and address my clients exercise physician based on that. And over time, if I'm implementing what I feel is a correct programming, based on what I see, and I'm not seeing changes, or if trying to get my client into certain positions, creates more pain and discomfort for them, then that may indicate that there's some underlying anatomical considerations that we have to look into, and that may necessitate us modifying our programming because of that. So I think the goal for me would be to try to get somebody to move well from a more neutral orientation. Feet straight ahead, hip to shoulder with the part, and once they've demonstrated good control and the ability to to move that way, and throughout multiple planes, they've achieved ideal range of motion at the key joints involved, then that to me provides the freedom to be able to have more variability in the programming. So if at that point, I want the person to squat with their feet externally rotated and take more of an abducted position at the hip, then fantastic, or if you want to do things with a more internally rotated position, narrower stance, it just allows you a lot more the option for a lot more variability. If you know your client has that optimal range of motion in all planes of motion. So until then, I want to try and get somebody to function well within that neutral range, because if I don't, if I allow them to move in the positions with which they're comfortable, I'm likely just going to reinforce some of the imbalances that I've identified and observed with their movement and with their mobility assessments. So for example, if a client lacks hip internal rotation and as a tournament by my mobility test and during the overhead squat, I noticed that they assume more of an externally rotated foot alignment. Maybe they have to go wider, abduct an externally rotated the hip due to that limitation and hip internal rotation. If I just allow them to continue to squat that way, it's just going to perpetuate the it's going to perpetuate tightness and the muscle and overactivity and the muscles that are forcing them to squat that way in the first place. And so over time, I want to try to gradually reverse posture, reverse pattern, if we will, what they're comfortable doing. I don't notice changes, or there's an increase in pain or discomfort and things aren't improving, then I may have to refer out to a qualified practitioner to be able to do some of those more clinical and advanced tests or imaging to determine if there's other things going on that that are outside my scope. And I appreciate you sharing all that. It's a lot of great information because I just remember when still a strength coach and we would have six racks and it would be time to squat. As a team, we back squatted the players and through my time in the weight room when you would have three people working 12 people working in at the same time. I'm just going down the line. As we're squatting, you're noticing different different low-back positions, different angles. You've got two racks going on at the same time. Being able to watch these two players move totally different, but the end goal being to get their thighs parallel to the ground and then stand right back up. So some of the players you just have to say, hey, I need you to keep your chest up, but more importantly, let's those feet a little bit wider because I'm starting to see your knees cave in or just put a little bit more focus on keeping those knees out and tracking within the hip and the toes. So appreciating individuality, I mean, some players felt an immediate difference as far as maybe some stress that they were experiencing the low-back because of the compensations or what the hip was not able to do under a loaded squat. So the low-back started to kick in and that's one of those things that goes into appreciating. Everybody's different anatomy and, you know, so from that perspective, that's one of those things that I think our listeners or our viewers need to understand is that everybody's anatomy is different and to the point that you made is that if someone has an anterior or a retry version, in all my years of working with athletes, I've had one person who was a very high-level athlete for his sport had an x-ray brought it in and it actually showed how anti-verted his hip was anatomically. So, you know, after seeing the x-ray, you feel bad because all those times, hey, you got to get lower, man. You got to squat deeper, you know, if I'm going to pass you off on this workout, you know, getting this, you know, checking off that you squatted this much weight, you got to get lower. And once that x-ray came across the desk, you know, for us coaches are like, oh, man, all this time, you know, he just, you know, he wasn't pushing himself enough, but it was a disregard for what, well, physically what he was bringing to the table. So, you know, of course, you know, since then, it's always been one of those things where now I've said, okay, well, well, we'll let this go. Let's find something else that we can do outside of a squat. Well, maybe instead of a back squat, maybe a front squat, where we're loading the hips differently is an option. And with, like, what you're saying, you know, maybe toe out a little bit, maybe a little bit wider, these little micro adjustments, you know, in time did, did lead to a big difference in this, this, this, this athlete's ability to move. So, so thank you for sharing that. First, sure. Yeah, and you bring up another point exercise selection. I mean, while squats are great, you have plenty of other options to, whether it's a modification to the squat itself. You mentioned changing range of motion requirements, but you have, you know, step-ups, lunges, split squats, rear foot elevated squats. I mean, there's a variety of different things that you can implement as the trainer coach to still get a great stimulus and training effect without exacerbating what might be going on with the athlete. You know, it's interesting with squat, with squatting, since we're on the topic, you know, when it comes to full range of motion. And, you know, what, what will be considered ideal? There was a study, I think it was by Raya, a couple of years ago, yeah, that looked at the difference between quarter squat and full squat, effect on power measures of power output, like sprint, sprint time and vertical jump performance. Now, as interesting is as you'd expect, let's say the quarter squat group got better at quarter squatting, the full squat group got better at full squatting. Their performance increased accordingly, but the quarter squat group had better improvements in their, in their sprint time and vertical jump performance. And so when you look at transferance of training and the specific positions that are required for the athlete to perform on the, on the field, on the court. And so forth, just doing a full squat for the sake of doing a full squat doesn't necessarily translate to improve performance outcomes. And so that's where again, if you look at the athlete as an individual, you take into consideration there, maybe there are structural limitations, there are capabilities and modify the programming based on that. You can still see improvements in their performance, which I think ultimately is the end goal is how they perform on the field on the court and how they're contributing to the team's success, not just trying to get them to squat, perform a full squat for the sake of doing it or because that's what everyone else is doing. If that doesn't have a measurable impact on why they're training in the first place. Right, right. So let's load up the bars and quarter squat all day long. Yeah, I'm all about that. Yeah. So, okay, we kind of jumped a couple of points already with the dressing exercise and programming. Regretions and progressions, but so before that, before we even get to the point where we're putting the bar on the back, we're saying earlier, you need to be able to assess someone's ability to, you know, the individual's ability to accept load, right? So, so that leads us into the assessment process. And again, and, you know, putting this, this webinar together, you know, there's, there's just one to being the list kept growing as far as how we, how we look at the body, what are we looking for again? Once you fleshed up, okay, it's not the foot nangle. It's not the shoulder because, you know, when it comes to compensations, you know, compensations can start from the top and work its way down. They can start from the bottom and work its way up or they can start in the center and then work its way out. So, you know, which leads us to looking at the lumbar pelvic hip complex. And this conversation just the hip complex. So, when it comes to the assessment process, you know, we look at, you know, static, you know, dynamic, transitional, things like that. So, with the hip, what's your, what's the area or how do you assess? Just from the static standpoint. Because I remember when I was when I was more of an active massage therapist, you know, and asked my client, hey, you know, what is it you want to work on today? What area would you like for me to spend more time? And while they're talking and I'm listening, I am doing just like kind of doing one of those little, just scanning them up, you know, top to bottom, bottom to top and terminator. Yeah, you're exactly like a red, red light being in the type of that. So, but now it's like, okay, so he's telling me what he wants me to work on. So, you know, that's, that's, that's one assessment, but then statically or looking at his static position, I'm looking at, okay, is he hyped up here? Is he had a drop there? What are some of the things that you look at as far as the hip complex from the static position? Yeah, so local to the hip definitely want to look at the position of the Elliott crest. So, you know, one we want to look at it in the frontal plane, is it level in the frontal plane or is there a hip hike and relative hip drop on one side or the other? Also looking at the orientation in the sagittal plane and transverse plane, is there any type of rotation involved in the transverse plane and any type of deviation in the sagittal plane, whether that's more of an anteriorly rotated pelvis or a posteriorly rotated pelvis. Those are going to be the big ones. And, you know, some of those things are hard to eyeball, so kind of guiding your client through different motions and movements may be able to help you better determine what position they're, they're kind of more resting and if you will. So, if you're assessing, let's say an anterior pelvic tilt or if you're trying to determine if a client is in more of an anterior tilt then might be considered ideal. Have them go through some active anterior posterior tilt and so as you ask them to perform an anterior tilt, try to assess or observe how much motion they're actually going through and then have them perform a posterior tilt and see how much movement emotion they're going through and if they have more relative motion going into a posterior tilt then that would indicate that they're probably resting or their static posture is in more of an anteriorly rotated position. And vice versa, if somebody has more mobility or is able to move a greater amount when they tilt forward anteriorly then they might be resting and more of a posteriorly tilted position. So, those are just some really simple assessments you can do. I will say globally I'll take a look at the foot ankle complex as well because we know that a more of a pez plane is or flattened foot posture and have a direct impact on pelvic alignment particularly anterior tilt in the sagittal plane. So, for every few degrees that the feet flatten that can change the amount of tilt and the pelvis substantially. So, if we're looking at or working with a client who's got some hip complex issues that we're trying to flesh out, we do want to pay attention to the foot ankle complex as well just to see what's going on there. Anything else that you look at can? Well, I mean, you're pretty much covered it, but to talk about the anterior and the posterior pelvic tilt, I think there's a lot that goes into that that a lot of trainers don't realize, you know, for one to see somebody like you you explain it if you instruct an anterior, you know, so if you give the analogy like the bucket full of water you want to spill that water to the front of your shoe to explain the anterior pelvic because I mean, when you're talking anatomy anterior pelvic does it's like what does that mean? What do you want me to do? It's like, yeah, I just want I want your belt buckle to point down towards the floor or that that water bucket analogy. So, for an anterior pelvic tilt spill in front, I post your pelvic tilt spill back behind you and one of the tools that that offers the personal and from personal trainer to client athlete patient is that now it's the way to start learning each other's language, right? So, what I'm telling you to spill that water bucket forward or I'm going to say anterior pelvic tilt mentioned it, but I'm going to talk water bucket because for the most part, everybody understands the water bucket. So, to go off of that, you know, we're establishing some communication. I know that now if I'm talking about it, you know, are you tactile person where you need to feel it? Are you verbal? So, you know, do I just need to say it a different way? Or visual where I just need to explain these things? So, that's that is the assessment process is a part of the, you know, laying the groundwork or, you know, laying the past to communicate for future sessions. So, there's that point with what you're talking about with performing an anterior posterior pelvic tilt, but there's also the fact that, you know, where are they initiating movement from where I've seen people, you know, just, you know, I've demonstrated explained it. Just like I've told you, but what happens is that they lean back or they'll hunch forward that all the motions coming from someplace else other than that region that we're talking about. So, so now we're having, you know, a bigger insight on what their connect their mind body connection is, because if they can't do that or if they're trying, it's like, I'm trying, you know, I'm really trying to spill that water onto the front-line ship. Now, we know that the, the proprioception or your kinesthetic awareness of where your body is, forget about us talking and me trying to get you to do something, you're trying, and I honestly, you know, want to give you credit for trying, but you're, you're having trouble trying to do those things that I want you to do. So that gives me an idea really now of, you know, there's what I feel like we can do when I start to program design, but whether or not, you know, you can do it is another thing. So now, again, I'm always about trying to put the athlete into a position of success, give them these small wins. So now you've got to, you've got to step back in your conversation and, and really, you know, I'm saying dummy it down, but you got to speak to their level of comprehension when it comes, not just to, you know, speaking and do this or do that, but also it's speaking their body's language and the, the hip complex is a great area to kind of figure out, you know, how much, how much awareness, how much control do they have of that region? Because it could be that like what you're saying, if they are, you tell them to answer your public tilt and they, you know, they get maybe a centimeter, they're trying, but then they go the other way and they have all that range for that post your public tilt. Well, yeah, you're right, they're, they're already there. So, I can kind of check off that box as far as that, that tilt of position. Yeah. So, so when it comes to to the anterior and posterior public tilt, that's, that's one structural phase of a onboarding session that not just gives me an idea of, okay, how are they holding cells, how are they possibly loading their spine? You know, when it comes to their day to day, but also how do I need to communicate with them, moving forward from here? Yeah, fantastic. Actually, use the bucket of water analogy this morning with a client. Not on an assessment, but doing a reverse programming a reverse crunch. So, yeah. Holdy but giddy is definitely an oldy but giddy. And then now moving forward from the, you know, if you're, if you're skilled and you've been trained in palpation, you can, you can, you can actually, and you're qualified certified license, you have a qualification to put hands on, on clients than palpation is, is another means of doing it, but there's so much to be gleaned from the ability to have the client actually do it. So, I'm, I'm more in favor of the instructing the anterior post your public tilt, find the middle, and moving forward, that's where we can consider your neutral spine. So, again, when it comes to the forces that cross the body, you know, from upper to lower, from left to right, you know, when it comes to things like walking, you know, you have two times two times the force coming through that area, you need to start to run and jog, five to six times stair climbing, you know, six to eight times the forces coming through that region, or even when you're talking about jumping. Now, depending on what you're reading, 10 to 12 times body weight force coming through that area. So, and that's just to really emphasize how important this region is, because nothing gets to the upper body and nothing gets to the lower body without going through that hip complex, right, if some is for somebody that's upright. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. What about, do you look at greater choke anor dolls or anything you look at specifically there? Sadly, from a, from a greater, from the greater choke anor again, more from the palpatients standpoint, you know, just use my hands, again, open palm trying to get a feel for where that is. Now, looking for, you know, is one higher than the other. And again, you mentioned it earlier, the foot nanko complex has a lot to do with how that, how that area of the body is going to be lined up and then from there again, looking at the aliac crest, you know, looking from that vantage point, is that now affecting that, or if it isn't now, we can start to figure out. So, clear some things off the table and whatever is left is the things that we have to work on. So, from a greater choke anor standpoint, I'll address that if I'm, if I'm palpating that region of the body. But what, what, what assessment processes have you incorporated to look at for moral position from that sample? If, um, none really, I mean, I think there's some assumption, there's some assumptions going on, right, just based on, you know, the study that we reference quite a bit came as 2007, kind of alluded to this a few minutes ago when there's hyper-ponation present at the feet, that's going to have a direct effect on for moral internal rotation and then anterior pelvic tilt. So, as you mentioned, if there's just an increase in lower extremity pronation, then you're going to see those greater choke anor's are probably going to be a little bit more prominent on palpation. They're going to be, um, they're going to be oriented a little bit more anteriorly and then you're going to see that that increase in anterior tilt. So, the, the greater degree of pronation or foot flat footedness rather, um, you see then you're likely going to see more internal rotation at the, at the femurs and, and more of an anterior tilt. So, yeah, I was just curious if there was anything you, you did specifically. So, cool. So, with that, you know, statically, you've got some great things to look at and then, you know, we always have our transitional assessments overhead squat, single leg squat, what are some things that you want to be on the look out for, when dealing or or addressing the hip complex as, as a relates to those transitional assessments? Yeah. So, when it comes to the assessment process, again, I'm building up my, my database on how this person is moving. So, when it comes to these now transitional assessments, they're going to confirm or deny some of my observations from the static posture of assessments, right? So, as someone is squatting now with their arms up overhead. Now, I'm just going to look at, uh, with that, that L'Embal Public Hip Complex, are they initiating with a low back arch, right? Yep. Are they forward leaning? Um, knees coming in. So, now, figuring out, okay, well, you know, when we look at the hip complex in, in concentric, it's going to extend, ab duct, externally rotate, which means that, essentially, it decelerates flexion, flexion, adduction, and internal rotation. So, if I'm now seeing the knees are coming in with that anterior pillow tilt or that excessive low back arch, just to look at that region, um, you know, hopefully, well, hopefully it's a, you know, for some people, they may look right statically. But then once you get a moving, then things start to pop up. So, I'm going to use it to kind of get more information. So, as I'm noticing those compensation patterns through that region of the body, um, those are basically, you know, just to look at, you know, from the front, from the side, but from the posterior view now, uh, the big thing that I'll see with a lot of, you know, say, um, you know, especially rotational athletes, um, is a lateral hip shift. So, this is where when they're in the descent of their overhead squat, you'll start to notice a shift, one way or the other, which now gives a different protocol for the right side versus the left side. So, so from there now, now things got a little bit more intricate when it comes to the movement preparation part of their programming. So, again, if it's an athlete, they may have no symptoms, right? So, except for, you know, a couple of compensations, but if that shift leads, you know, one way or the other, now it's like, okay, well, now we have to treat the right side a little bit different from the left concepts, the steps are going to still be the same when it comes to inhibit length and strength and integrate, but how we get there with right versus left now becomes a different story. Yeah, yeah, no doubt. It's at the ASS shift, a symmetrical weight shift. But yeah, yeah, absolutely. And I'll look forward to to dive in into that a little bit more or we get into the programming. Because I think that how to address the weight shift that comes up quite a bit in our workshops and student questions, just trying to conceptualize the relative asymmetries between the two sides and then what that means from a programming standpoint, I think, hopefully we can break it down in a way that makes it a little bit easier to conceptualize and then understand how to program for that. So, great points. Right. And then what builds on top of that now is the ultimate humblur assessment, which is now the single-leg squat. You know, so this is one that puts a lot of people and check from the standpoint that, you know, and I'm sure you have two-tone. You work with somebody that's competed at the highest level possible, but when it comes to doing a single-leg squat, you've seen, like, how is this guy, you know, how's this guy a gold medal winner, you know, and it's one of their conferences or whatever, and they can't stand on one leg. Yeah. You know, a trotious pattern, so I know you have two. Right. Thank you. Appreciate the abilities that I'm much more. Right. Right. And that's why I like, I'm really, you know, I'm what I call, I'm in demonstration shape. So if I can, if I could put my hands on my hips and then go ahead and get a squat and I get five good ones without that, you know, without getting that little kickstand help from that, but that's in the air. By the time this athlete or person is squat, like, how did you do that? It's like, wow, you know, it's just years of training, but it's just, if I can get five good ones, that's all I need to do from a demonstration standpoint. But, but yeah, you, you know, and it's done the other way too, where somebody that, you know, may not be operating in a high level, they can do those all day long, right? But, um, but yeah. So my point in bringing that up is just because somebody's a really good athlete, and they've operated a high level and seemingly, you know, injury free, doesn't mean that these assessments, whatever they may be. If it's new and novel to them, they haven't rehearsed it, which makes it really, you know, makes those movement patterns for assessment-wise, you know, the better pattern because they're not rehearsed at, they're not practice. They haven't laid down the motor patterns to gain success at it. So sing the legs squat, especially with the hands on the hips and not in a pistol position. Will, will tell you a lot from someone's ability to, for one, stabilize, right? Balance on, on that single leg during the descent, but also when we start to look at the hip drop or a hip hike, or if their shoulder turns in or they start to rotate out, or maybe even a little bit of a shift, everybody's got a different strategy, and to now see how the knee reacts, how the hip reacts, and how the, the uperspion reacts when somebody's on a single leg. Just from the vantage point, now that, you know, when we look at the gate cycle, someone just walking, you know, 85% of that gate cycle is going to be on a single leg, and then now when you talk about someone who's running, 100% of that running cycle is going to be on one leg. So it's, it's one of those things where I do need to know how, you know, how you operate or how your, how your body functions on a single leg. Yep, no doubt. Yep. So, so that, there's some of the things you would see on a single leg. Can what are things that you would be looking for? There would, there would be less an ideal, especially for this region. Yeah, for this region, especially when you talk, you know, when you start to put together like some of the complaints, you know, where they might experience tension, irritations in the hip, I might watch out for, or have my eyes peeled out for a hip drop. Right. So, so, as, as you squat, let's say I'm on the right leg. So now, if I'm squatting and my left hip is now dropping lower than my stance leg, that's where you call hip drop, or maybe there's strategy is, it's to hip hike where they shift everything over to where now I'm not using not as much of my muscular system, right, as well. I'm just balancing over the leg and trying to get much of my mass over that standing leg as possible to take off some of the stress on the muscular joint or the muscles around that joint, right? So, the other thing, too, is just watching out for hip rotation. Anything that takes us away from that ideal alignment to where it's saying, okay, I need to bail out my glute because my glute is in strong enough to hold the hips level, or it's not strong enough to keep my shoulders square above my hips. So, I'm watching for rotation and a drop or a hike when it comes to that single leg squat. Now, some people, it's just just doing a single leg stance or just balancing on a single leg. These compensations can pop up and I know that when when I have somebody do a single leg squat, my, my template, you know, rep range is going to be five, but if someone shows me right off the bat, that they can't control themselves. I mean, say, right, after two reps, I've seen enough, you know, we're good, a studio that'll leg now, right? So, yeah, so I'm looking at also bilateral symmetry right there. So, one has somebody has a really good squat on one leg, but they have something that's not as good, and noticeably not as good, like some people can squat really well on the right, and maybe they have to keep tapping that toe down on their left. That's something to note as well. It's not just, and that just doesn't speak about the hip, but also that whole, that whole side all together, because it says, okay, I can control load, balance, stability on this side, but this side, not so much, which, again, it's all being brought into the bigger puzzle as far as how well can this person move and control their body, you know, for this initial phase of their training. Yep, yep, Matt. Cool. So, you know, from there, we can start to get into some specific mobility tests, right? Look at range of motion at some of these different segments, and, you know, for this region, some of the big ones are going to be, you know, looking at hip extension range of motion, so doing the Thomas Test or modified Thomas Test, particularly in clients where you might notice an excessive low back arch, hip abduction and external rotation, which is going to assess the the extensibility of the the adductor complex, then you can also look at hip internal rotation, and not only you're looking to see, you know, can you achieve benchmarks here, but we're looking at symmetry in particular, because that pelvis is at closed ring, if there's any symmetry, where one side is less mobile than the other, that's going to have a direct impact on the entire pelvic complex. And so, with hip internal rotation, you can look at the hip, you can look at the hip internal rotation from a prone position, as well as from a seated or or supine position, if you will, our benchmarks there are 45 degrees in either position, and, you know, typically individuals who have some complaints of pain and the hip hip complex and hip region, as well as up into the low back, you're going to see some limitations in that hip internal rotation range of motion, might also see limitations in hip abduction and extension as well. We do want to look at hip external rotation, and then some other things, just doing like a straight leg raise to assess hamstring extensibility, you can also do the the 1990 knee extension test, if you wanted to to look at that, and then lumbar flexion and extension, as well as trunk rotation. So, a lot of these things, you know, we're focusing a lot of our attention on the hip complex and conditions that your clients may experience there, but know that a lot of things that go on at the hip are going to influence low back issues that your clients might have, as well as, you know, next week when we get into the shoulder, stuff that's going on in the upper extremity can also influence the low back. And so, similar to the knee getting copped between the hip and the ankle, the low back lumbar spine is copped between the hips and the upper extremity and upper quarter, and can be influenced by either. So, a lot of things that we're talking about here, if you have a client who's coming back from some type of low back pathology, we're low back injury, a lot of things that we're covering here will also apply to that individual as well. Right. And, you know, with that said, you know, when somebody has an ability to control their body or, and we're actually evidencing, you know, evidencing. As we're seeing this, evidence through their movement pattern, you know, you have, you know, we have the overhead squats and glicksquat, the Thomas test and all that, you know, those prone internal rotation. As you start together, those data points, and then not to say that, you know, someone comes to you, because they've been referred to you, because they have some kind of pain or discomfort. It doesn't mean that we're, you know, we're just hanging on every word as far as their injury is concerned, because we want to be sensitive and we want to be able to show them that we care because we do. And so these data points have to coincide with, okay, well, what's this person experiencing, you know, what they're experiencing is real and is reasonable. And that, that in and of itself is another data point. So to take everything that you discuss with those individual movement assessments, internal rotation, hip extension, external rotation. Now we start to figure out, okay, why is this region of the body experiencing all this stress? And because apparently the amount of stress in the force that's coming through that area is exceeds the tissue tolerance for that load and that's why there's been some kind of irritation and why somebody's feeling uncomfortable. So when you start to talk about things like pure formus syndrome, sciatica can be in, is in that same conversation, bursitis, you know, going strains or, or, as we have here going disruption, hip flexor strange and all that, you know, all these data points feed into, okay, why is there so much going on stress-wise in this area? And, you know, in conversation with other trainers that I know that have listened to our other webinars and yes, Tony, we do have listeners for other webinars. Yeah, we do. Yeah, we do. Some of them we're hoping to actually have like templates, okay, well, my clients got this, you know, this profile, you know, a tailor from oral syndrome, but you didn't tell us how to do it, right? And that's not the point in this webinar. We, we, we were, we were trying to instill upon you as, okay, everybody's got a different region for why they have pain, right? So you know, if we say it's a hip flexor strain, there's a multitude of reasons why somebody has what's been diagnosed as a hip flexor strain, whatever that means for that person, but what you're trying to do as if it is professional is be able to to figure out, okay, where is this person not moving but should, right, and where are they, where are they moving, but should it, right? Yeah, so you take all these points and then you can figure out what it would take for this person as an individual to move better. So we can talk injuries all day long, but you know, you just bring them up just from the vantage point of if you hear these things, it gives you some insight on what, you know, where the irritations happening, but you still have to look at the body overall and and be able to put together, you know, what's moving that shouldn't be and what or shouldn't be or as much as it is moving or that area that should, but it's not, right? Yeah. So yeah, so the injury, you know, the specific diagnosis to your point earlier is that's where the capacity or the tolerance of that particular tissue was exceeded. That's, you know, whatever the underlying mobility limitations or excessive mobility in certain cases in a particular region led to greater stress on that particular tissue or tissues or structures than than others. And so, you know, we don't want to chase pain. We're not, it's not within our scope to address the injury specifically, but, you know, it's interesting with a lot of the things that you mentioned can, you know, recite us or, you know, truck and tarot pain syndrome, which, you know, you might hear of piriformis syndrome, hamstring strains, all the groin stuff, FAA, for more, uh, antitabular impingement syndrome. A lot of those, when you, when you go back to the mobility assessments and the movement observations that we just discussed, many of them can essentially be, be drilled down to a lot of the same facts, you know, with increased formal adduction and internal rotation limitations in hip extension, increased anterior pelvic tilt. All of those are going to stress those tissues that that we just mentioned. So, you know, it's interesting just anterior pelvic tilt is a big one and not only can that affect things like the hamstrings and the sagittal plane create more tension through those guys, adic or magnus, um, as well as, you know, increased reliance on those muscles because the glutes may be in a less than optimal position. Um, in somebody who has that anterior pelvic tilt, but when you increase the anterior tilt of the pelvis, that can lead to automatically that can lead to a decrease in hip internal rotation. So you might see up to 10 degrees loss of hip hip internal rotation and you might see, um, up to 10 degrees loss in hip flexion, right? So when we talk about our functional movements and, you know, going back to our athlete who squat, if you're trying to get an athlete to perform a, you know, a cheeks to snakes or full squat, and they, and they have an anterior pelvic tilt, well, they've lost 10 degrees of hip flexion, they've lost 10 degrees of hip internal rotation, then that's going to increase the, or that's going to, that's going to increase the likelihood of them sustaining some type of impingement sooner, right? Because the hip joint basically runs out of of range of motion, and so those tissues are going to, those tissues are going to, or structures are going to hit end range sooner, and that's going to lead to more global compensations. You might see a posterior pelvic tilt or a mumbar flexion towards the end range of a squat because of some of these things. And so, um, you know, it's interesting how many of, uh, many of the injuries, many of the aches and pains in this region can be attributed to a lot of the same underlying factors. And so that'll be, that'll be reflected on the program. I mean, for sure, um, you know, it's interesting to, sorry, uh, you got to, you got to real me in here and I'm in it probably, but uh, with, uh, put it out there. Just put it out there. No, with respect to, uh, that increase the anterior pelvic tilt, um, you know what they found, I think I mentioned, you know, if you have somebody with a cam deformity of the femoral head, um, while individuals with, uh, with that deformity may have, um, decreased range of motion overall, changing the position of the pelvis, um, has a similar effect. So, somebody with that type of anatomical deformity, uh, where there's that bump on the, uh, on the femoral head, that's going to limit their range of motion. But then when you factor in the positional faults of increased anterior pelvic tilt, um, that's just going to further decrease their available range of motion. So, regardless of whether you're dealing with some anatomical stuff or not in anatomical considerations, you still can't ignore the other stuff that we're talking about. You can't just say, oh, well, it's, it's an anatomical thing and there's nothing we can do about it. Because you can certainly mitigate and prevent things from getting worse, uh, or getting exacerbated as a result of some of these movement faults. So, I think that going back to our, our earlier conversation, you know, you certainly want to take anatomical differences into, into, into account and into consideration. But it doesn't mean you should just throw out some of these other things that we're talking about. Because you can still, even if you can't, um, reverse or significantly improve what you're finding, you might be able to prevent things from going further down the path and the wrong direction. Right. Right. And, you know, and, and we, we do need to talk about programming soon, but to, yes, piggyback, piggyback on to all that. And, and something that you and I have talked about many times, you know, you have an athlete that's been like, a professional athlete for years and they've just been in and out of the training room. Right. So, they'll, they'll come in and they'll basically treat whatever is aggravating the player. And then they'll, you know, be post surgery or they'll resolve the, the pain issue somehow, but then they'll get back to their regular strength conditioning or practice or work out routine. And then they might feel something else, right? They might have another issue. So, one day, and this is where you know, like when I'm watching, you know, when ESPN was talking about, you know, when we had sports, going on, you know, somebody might have a foot an ankle issue, like an ankle spray and but then later on, um, in the season, they may have a hip issue of some sort, right? So, so, and that's one of the beauties of figuring out, okay, what is the best, you know, when we're talking about return, return to performance strategies with the assessment processing outside of looking at, you know, specific individual, you know, considerations like, like, whether you were just talking about, now we have to talk about, okay, well, do they have the control and, um, can we address that issue before we get them back into their regular routine so that if we do, you know, the battery of assessments from a static to transitional, add in a gate assessment, local, local assessments, you know, looking for internal external, the extension, all that good stuff, but, you know, how do we get the player athletes stronger from this process than where they were before, where they were just constantly revisiting either for the same injury or just related injuries, because you had that layering effect of excessive anterior till now we have a excessive low back arch and now we have excessive knee-values that all, you know, if we, if we pick one muscle of the glutes definitely come up or even core intrinsic core stability winds up being an issue from that vantage point. So, a lot of, a lot of, a lot of good points there where, again, we're not chasing pain, but what we are looking for is moving efficiency and can you move efficiently and effectively as a human first and then as an athlete, more position players second. All right. So, so with that, when it comes to, yeah, I was going to, I was going to see with that said, or when it comes to that and what, what do we do? What do we do? What do we do? Right. So, for the hit, hit the big issue and, you know, you're not going to find any workout plan that doesn't include that, right? I mean, well, back in the day when you just use a bunch of selector as equipment, you can sit on your butt and then do your press, do your row, do your pull down, do your leg press, and it's a minimal involvement, but now that, you know, let's say in a facility like, or you are working with open space or if we're working with athletes that have to be able to move in different directions. Now, we have, you know, the hips have to take precedence when it comes to preparation. So, as we've talked about, as far as program design and in these webinars, it's going to be basically the corrective exercise strategy as, as a national academy sports medicine, teaches it with inhibit, right, to get the muscles to relax or to down regulate overactive regions of the body. Then we have to lengthen. So, those that have been shown to be in a short, more short and position, we've got to get some lengthen that's going to help recruitment patterns so that when we get into the third step for activation, now we have a better opportunity or more opportunity to activate and up regulate the activity and an opposing muscle group. Okay, and then the integration process. And, and in the integration process, as we've discussed it with both the knee and the foot ankle complex, as we will, here with the hip complex, is that now we will add more sports oriented activation exercises or movement patterns to, to get somebody to, to be an environment where they can, you know, look, touch, feel, smell more like the activity like they're, that what they're going into. So, you know, just to kind of take on, let's say, as a pseudo case study, you know, looking at something like a pure formus syndrome, or somebody is expressing, you know, symptoms or has been diagnosed with sciatic issues, sciatica. Um, just to give us a working template on how we might get somebody to move better with a typical compensation that might come along with it. Tony, where would you start if, if that was the scenario you'd posed with? Yeah, well, you know, I think first just, so we're all looking at the same sheet of music or coming at it from the same sheet of music, you know, a pure formus syndrome, generally is, is a condition or scenario where, you know, the pure, formus muscle is overloaded in some way, and that overload creates some type of inflammation that's, that's having an influence on, on the sciatic nerve in, in that region. And so, that may, that may present itself as, you know, some deep pain in the gluten region. You may get some, some symptoms down the back of the, the legs, sciatic, like symptoms. And so, I guess what we have to do is we have to understand, okay, why is the pure formus getting overloaded? And so, typically what we see is, you know, the pure formus is a relatively small muscle when you compare it to the, the glutes, but often when you see clients who present with, let's say a lack of hip internal rotation during their functional, during their mobility tests, maybe during their movement, functional movements, squat, single leg squat, you're going to see increased adduction and internal rotation of their femur. That may be indicative of decreased glute activation, glute, glute, glute max and glute media. So, the glute max, as you mentioned before, you know, during functional movements, the glute max, its primary job is to decelerate hip flexion, adduction, and internal rotation. Glute media is going to post your fibers in particular, going to decelerate adduction, internal rotation, and flexion. And so, if, if those guys are relatively underactive due to a variety of different reasons or potential causative factors, that pure formus is going to have to load chair and take on the brunt of the work as a result of synergistic dominance. And so, you know, the relative size of that muscle compared to the glutes is small and it's not going to be able to handle that amount of stress. And so, that's going to lead to that's going to lead to that information on that particular structure. And that's going to cause the pain and could potentially create pressure on the side, ignore. You know, we can't ignore the influence of that potentially on the the adductor magnets and biceps for more us as well, where, you know, synergistically those muscles are going to become more active if the glute media's and glute max are not keeping up with with what they need to. So then, you know, with that, you know, more traditional approach for, you know, somebody with that deep, glute and posterior thigh pain would be, you know, let's stretch the heck out of the piriformis. But, basically what we just described, that piriformis is already e-centricly overloaded. So it's already getting lengthens repetitively under load. And so stretching it may offer some temporary relief, but it's just essentially reinforcing the stress that's already being placed on it during movement. And so, I think that from a programming standpoint, what we would want to do is inhibit the piriformis so we can perform a mild, facial, mild, facial technique like rolling or use percussion and vibration over that muscle that will help to kind of down-regulate that muscle decrease its overactivity without without trying to increase its extent to the ability. So, perform an inhibitory technique on the piriformis and then from a lengthening standpoint, lengthen the muscles that could be contributing to that stress, that increase stress on the piriformis. Perform a stretch on the rectus femoris, right? So if this is a client who has an increased anterior tilt and an excessive low back arch, and we want to, we want to address the hit flex or complex. So look at the rect fem. Also, perform maybe a lengthening technique on the biceps femoris, add up to the magnet, maybe the anterior add up to the anterior if there is an anterior pelvic tilt. So, inhibit the piriformis, lengthen the rect fem, biceps femoris add up to the magnet. And then from there we can get into our strength and activate exercises for the glute backslute radius. And, you know, there's a host of fantastic techniques that we can use for that. And basically, just select the best one based on your client's ability to perform the movements without compensation. We also can't ignore the anterior core. So again, if you're dealing with a client who has an anterior pelvic tilt, we want to perform exercises that are more anti-extension focused that can help bring the pelvis back into more of a posteriorly oriented position or closer to neutral. So, you know, things like dead bugs, quadruped opposite arm leg raise, maybe even some crunch variations, planks if you want to get more advanced. And then, you know, sideplanks if you want to look at more of an integrated exercise for the glute medius. And then from an integration standpoint, we want to, to try and get them moving well in all planes of motion utilizing multiple drivers. So, you know, following the purpose-eptive continuum that we laid out a couple webinars ago using a variety of different resistance modalities, different body positions and speeds. So, you know, starting off with, let's say, a two leg pattern like a ball wall squat, for example, where, you know, you can load the hips with minimal dependence on, you know, foot-naked mobility. You can maintain and encourage more of an upright trunk and spine position, which will decrease stress to that particular formus region. And then you can progress to maybe more of an alternate type exercise, whether that's a step up in line lunge in different planes. And then, you know, from there, you can get into your single leg exercises, where now that hip has to really, those glutes really have to work to control the hip and the lower extremity on a single leg. You can also incorporate two blocking, both side to side front to back diagonal. Again, just getting the entire hip complex to work in multiple planes, wall maintaining good core alignment. So, making sure to prevent falling into that anterior pelvic tilt, where, again, we're putting that piriformis in a position to have to take over for the glute complex. And then from there, we can get into, you know, some of our performance oriented drills. And, you know, that can be jump squat progressions. You know, what are some other things? You know, where you might use the upper body as a driver to create stress through the hip, like single leg balance with maybe shoulder swings, or before that, you can even do maybe single leg windmill, where now you're moving the upper body through space to create more stress and perturbation through the hip. What other stuff, what other stuff would you throw in there can from a more dynamic performance oriented standpoint? Yeah, increasing to a reasonable level, just, you know, the complexity. So, like, the stuff we might do for other programming things like a side lunge to a balance. But now to do a side lunge balance. And then add what you're, you know, what you, what you mentioned as far as an upper body driver side, say side lunge balance on my left and then rotate left. And, you know, do the same thing to the other side. So, just adding, adding, you know, another step to what they might do for a regular client. But if I'm going to be more athletic or performance driven for sport, like baseball, or swimming, or whatever it is, I might add in another complex step, or maybe add in like a little light ball toss, that you mentioned perturbation. So, to give them that little, that impact, where now they have to, I symmetrically stabilizer and rotate from, you know, from a balanced standpoint. Or even just get down two legs, you know, side side step, or we're doing like the two blocking you mentioned. And add a little, you know, a little toss and go that could be a tennis ball, or a four pound med ball. Something like that, just to add now these drivers, these slow incremental rotations with every step. Again, they have to earn their way up to these progressions, or just give them a little pause so that I can give them these little, these little winds, as we mentioned before, you know, given these little points of success that just helps them realize that they are getting closer to the end. But, you know, pauses, balance and holds, adding complexity, adding perturbation. So now, not only may I throw a med ball toss at lightly, change the amplitude of the velocity, where, you know, the implement's coming out of different directions, different speeds, or I might be behind them, kind of just tapping them lightly on the shoulders, maybe on, you know, the side of the ribs or something like that, just to give the hips just a different, different interaction with, with force than, then something that's predicted with the motion that I've just instructed. So yeah, it doesn't, it doesn't have to be, you know, activation doesn't have to be, or integration doesn't have to be complicated. It just has to be reasonably progressed for one safety, but for two, as a confidence builder to get this person in the mindset of thinking about their sport. Yeah, I can do this without hesitation, you know, right, that unconscious competence. Yeah, for sure. You know, would you utilize things like, you know, let's say if you're in more of a, you know, an assorted, an assorted facility, would you use an agility ladder, or could you incorporate anything like that into into the mix for some of these things? Yeah, I'd want to harvest whatever I could from what they've already done in the past. One, because, you know, if I can show them something a new way to look at an old tool, like you mentioned speed ladder, what, you know, what sports coach doesn't have a speed ladder, right? So, so you have, you know, the zigzags in and out out, and you just add a pause, right, or like they go lateral zigzags, so they go in and out the other side, and just two feet on the ground pause. Yeah, and in and out, pause, or to progress that in and out and they pause on their outside foot that other foot's in there and then boom, boom, and pause. And that's one of those things that, a lot of high level athletes may not have experience with because it's always been about speed, because it's a speed ladder. Well, from a reintegration standpoint, we got a crawl before we walk, walked before we rut. So from that vantage point, you know, taking, taking what they may already be familiar with cones, speed ladders, you know, resistance bands, things like that, but just have a use it from an integrated standpoint, from, you know, from corrective exercise to performance before they use it to, you know, what they, how they may have initially learned how to use those tools. So just putting breaks in there, adding some complexity, getting their body to get stimulated in a different way when it comes to these drills, because again, they've been compromised for some reason or another, and the ultimate goal with return of performance is to get them back to sports stronger than they were when they actually got injured to begin with. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So on that note, I think that's a good place to end it. And when it comes to, you know, what we're going to do next week, obviously, what we talked about today, blend into a lot of what we discussed already with in the in the ankle, but just to show you how integrated things are, but what we didn't really touch on is how, you know, the hips or the hip region or the hip complex also affects the upper body. And we're going to definitely discuss that more when we do return to performance on the shoulder next week. And Tony, I'm saying, I can't wait to, uh, to open up this box of tools and exercises, and especially talking about, because you had a strong experience with with baseball. So I'm I'm really excited to see what we have to share next week. Yeah. As of you, yeah, be careful with the careful what we wish for, right? We exactly, maybe we can do our next week. And that with that, uh, with that folks, I don't know if we mentioned it or not, but if you have any questions, feel free to type them in the comments section below. And we'll make sure to address them next week before before we get into the topic at hand. So thank you so much for your attention and listening, joining us for our return to performance on the hip complex. And look forward to seeing you all next time. And Ken, thank you as always, man. It was pleasure to meet you, Tony. Yes, always. All right, everybody. I take care and be safe. Take care. Bye.

=== FILE: Risk Vs. Reward Core Exercises [asKcq1VC5bg].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and live. I'm Prentice and as always I'm here with Wendy and Marty and how are both of you doing this afternoon. Fantastic. And we have the man in the middle which is kind of foreshadowing our topic today. The man in the middle is Greg keeping everything running today and he salutes everybody and of course welcome to everyone who has decided to give up your time and join us today. So what we're going to talk about is the core. We're going to talk about core exercises. Risk versus reward. Now this isn't like a journey to the center of the earth but Wendy can you take us to the center of our bodies and tell us some of the most optimal ways we can we can train our core. Absolutely. So again thanks for for having us and last week we spoke a lot about the upper body resources for reward. Obviously today we're going to spend some time specifically on core exercises and then next week we're going to do some lower body for you guys to hopefully old tune in for those as well. But when we're really thinking about the core you know we want to think about basically first of all what is the core and so when you think about the core oftentimes people will think the core is just mainly the abs and as we know there's a lot more that goes into the core. So basically it's your cervical spine your lung bar spine your thoracic spine and basically if you remove your arms and your legs everything else would make up your core that's the easiest way to kind of visualize it. And so when we're thinking about and showing you and discussing some of these exercises today we want you to keep that in mind because there really is a purpose for different exercises that are going to some get into the really small exercises that protect the vertebrae and then there's other muscles that help move the entire spine and then some that add you know the movement as well as as a power component that's that's how the NASM OFT model is lined up and that's why we kind of put it in different stages because there really is a purpose. And as always you know we want to maintain the five-connected chain checkpoints with every exercise that we do. What that is again as a recap is that the feet are pointed straight ahead. Your feet positioning is about shoulder to hip with a part. Your knees are going to be in line with the second and third toe. Your hips are going to be a neutral. Shoulders are neutral and as well as your head. So you want to try to think when we show you and discuss some of these exercises look at the positioning of the individuals because everything that we discussed today we did provide a visual and so another key thing I want to point out before we really dive into this is that we're not saying you cannot do exercises. We are just especially on this one because we are providing very common exercises but we are showing you a lot of compensations or misinformation that is associated with some of these exercises and you know you think you may be working your abs but you're really working your hip flexors and stuff like that. So we want to kind of open it up for you to really think about the exercise what the prime mover is and hopefully if you have questions you'll join in and ask us along the way. So what that being said too we're going to discuss before we dive too deep and what is the difference between drawing in and bracing and going ahead and let you take that part. Sure so the great thing is there's been a lot of talk over the years about you know core activation what the right techniques are and what we just really want to do here from the very beginning of this webinar is kind of set the foundation it's try to maybe eliminate some confusion because there's a lot of people that would be in the drawing in camp or there's a lot of people that why brace so we want to kind of just get that out of the way and discuss it. So when he talks about the five kinetic chain checkpoint so first and foremost we have to be in a neutral pelvis neutral spinal position. You guys all know how to do that but just as a quick refresher if you're looking at your ASIS or those you know bony perturbrant on the front of your hip and then you have your PSIS at the same position in the back of your pelvis they need to be level. I always like to teach it that if I go into an anterior tilt the water is falling out of the front of the bowl if I was looking at my you know pelvis as a bowl of water post your tilt as I tilt backwards water would fall out of the back of the bowl neutral would be where I can maintain water in the bowl and that's a great teaching cue for your clients. So once we're in neutral then what do we do and do we draw and do we brace? Well again that's the beautiful thing of the OPT model a lot of this is taking care of four you but let's really dissect it. So when we're doing stabilization training we're trying to establish proper human movement we're trying to teach people how to maintain neutral spine why they do other activities pushes and pulls and squats and lunges in that neutral position but the load is not very heavy so that's where we teach neutral spine with that slight draw in. You only have to draw your belly button in a tiny little bit it's not you know howling out your stomach and really burning that diaphragm into it because that's now you're having your diaphragm stabilize your spine we're looking at just activating the transverse abdominis. That muscle it wraps around that portion of your core. So a small drawing in now the key thing is you should be able to breathe naturally as you're in a drawn in position then you know someone's doing it properly. So that's what we teach first in stabilization. Well guess what? Bracing there's a lot of research that it works and it's great. Well it is it's great in your strength phase. So you've got the intrinsic stabilizers that we're talking about in the stabilization training then you've got your global stabilizers that are the muscles that don't connect your spine. They will naturally contract as you lift to heavier load. You don't have to think about it. So yes as I'm picking up heavier loads in the strength and power phase yes I do need more than the deep intrinsic core stabilizers to safely guard my spine so I can handle what I'm doing. But the key point is if I have not taught someone to find neutral and draw in I would be then bracing on a spine that's not in a neutral position. So that's where they both have a purpose but let's just layer them appropriately and that's why we went in and every instructor will always go back to the model that you've got to earn the right to go to those other levels and that's what we're working on in that corrective exercise and or stabilization endurance so that way when you're ready you're drawn in you're in a neutral position and then you pick up those heavier loads your body will naturally brace in the right position. So as Marty you said a lot of important things there and I want to make sure that that everyone gets them and just for context for those of you who are listening out out there when we talk about what what the core is it is windy you said this very early on but the core is a combination of upward of 20 plus 20 plus muscles that all provide spine stability they age you with movement and and various and various other functions. Now let's go back to what you were talking about with the draw in and Marty can you just take us through the technique because you mentioned the diaphragm but I also see people too when they teach the draw in and we're doing very basic level of pelvic stability exercises or trinced stability exercises I see a lot of posterior pelvic tilt's using that that internal will leak to compensate so just talk us you said it please repeat it so everyone gets it. So we're looking at neutral spine again when you look at a skeleton this how I always visualize it a neutral spine doesn't mean I've been hated the curves in the spine it just means my pelvis is in a level position and again the terminology is that we're going to try to find neutral spine now I'm not trying to change that terminology just like we foam roll our IT band and we in a previous webinar talked about am I really foam rolling my IT band I know that I'm controlling my pelvis what happens to my spine inside my pelvis I don't have much control over in the sense right I can't move those vertebrae without my pelvis so really what I'm doing is rolling the pelvis so I'm not in an anterior tilt where my belly button would be pointing down I'm not in that anterior tilt where I'm tucked under I'm leveling the anterior in post you know so um anterior post here iliac spine so they're level so that way now of course your long bar spine is still going to have its natural or dot occur but it's not excessive and I think one of the things friends should you might be talking about too is we've heard people get into a flat back position where whether they're on the floor or they're against the wall they post their tilt and eliminate that arch and they think that is sometimes neutral that's not that is a pose to your tilt then from there if you draw in yes you're still activating your transverse abdomus but you haven't done it in that neutral spinal position so we're looking for the proper firing the transverse abdominis when you are in a neutral position which is that leveling of the pelvis so I hope I answered that a little bit more no you you answered it perfectly now and another important thing that you talked about that I whenever you want to get before we move on is that it's way in which you use these techniques whether it's drawing in or bracing it happens along the continuum and if we're having to a bracing should be something once you're under load your your brain should do that for you automatically and to the extent that you can't do that that means maybe we missed a step in our stabilization training we're not doing anything with our bridges learning to contract the glutes we don't we don't realize there's a pelvic floor there that that needs to be that's the bottom the bottom of the floor the core uh Dr. Susan's gonna call me any minute now to do some rhymes for the book but just talk about what goes into that once we start to move along to the continuum what are some other core exercises that all wrap up into bracing? Well you know it's funny, premise of glad you brought this up so in prepping for today's webinar as it did generally this morning and you know I have my routine and I go through and I knew what I was supposed to do but I I want to things I'm like you know I hope this comes up in today's webinar and I'm glad you made me think of this every single exercise I do is a core stabilization exercise every single exercise as I go through my routine if I mentally engage and focus on the process I get myself set in the five kinetic change checkpoints make sure I'm neutral make sure I'm drawn in and then I mentally prepare for whatever exercise I'm gonna do whether it's a stability exercise the strength or a power so we really you know sometimes I've had clients pass go we didn't do core today I'm like it's all we did in the sense that if I'm pushing if I'm pulling if I'm squatting if I'm lunging if I'm doing everything I'm making everything a core exercise even today was more of a traditional strength day for me and I was doing pressing the first thing I did was ensure that my core and my five kinetic change checkpoints were in order before I even do a traditional pressing motion so you know I just want to reiterate that every exercise should be a core stabilization exercise regardless of what else you're doing in the model okay and I'll have a question on that a little bit later and that that revolves around direct core work so but we want to keep moving so tell us about those those tricky lower abs can you tell me where they are when well yeah I mean so again you know you tell me I mean you know yeah and so that's one of the reasons we want to talk about this too because oftentimes you know people are like oh I want to focus on my lower abs and you know and I hate it to say this but they're looking to reduce the pooch and so you know and we talked about this in our lower body you know you can't spot reduce and so you can crunch and you can do all these exercises all day long but you're really not you're going to strengthen some of the muscles under there for sure but if you're looking for a six pack doing a thousand crunch is not going to make that appear you have to actually look at your diet and look at your entire program when you're going to do doing this and you're doing a program together okay so you know Marty Marty was the one that I'm really wanted to talk a lot about the lower abs so I again I don't want to still a lot of his thunder so Marty you want to you want to enlighten us guys just to get you sometimes we joke and know it's so obvious but there's such such an under you know a misnomer I guess you'd say in people that come in and work you know want to work with us you know again they think they want to work their lower abs and again we just need to truly understand the anatomy and the phases of training and how to have a great progressive core workout that goes from stabilization to strength and power and multi-planar and getting people to understand how to truly work with their core and really why the core stabilization is such an important power of everything we do because they want to get right in their start doing again all those crunches in the things that they think are going to spot reduce and this kind of when you're going to slide forward leads us to that next point of the stronger ab you know prevents back pain and I know when you and you and I were talking about this and I worked in a country club where I had a lot of golfers that were in that senior population and you know they were tired of the back hurting so the only thing they thought that they knew how to do was why do 500 crunches a day and I do and I'm like oh that's not necessarily the way to prevent a back injury so you know I know when you've worked so much in therapy and with elite sports and I know you've probably seen the exact same thing with that misconception of how to get a stronger or healthier back exactly and you know when you when you say it that way I mean that that brings us back again to the assessment look at the assessment and look at you know look at how your client or yourself is moving and look at all of the compensations and then make note of that and then look at the muscles that are causing those compensations and allowing those compensations and even if it's in the lower you know lower extremities it really can affect what's happening at the lower back and so by strengthening you know and as Marty said doing a bunch of crunches you know if you're so as as overactive which attaches to all the lumbar spine and they have a huge interior pelvic tilt is that really an exercise they should be doing and in the answer to that in the very beginning is no and so again looking at the phases at the model they all serve a purpose because you'll again to notice there's little to no joint and spine motion in phase one and that's really to work on the inner vertebrate stability which as you mentioned Marty are the really small muscles that really help align the vertebrate and keep it in that perfect alignment before you start adding that movement you know and flexion and extension so so you know when we say that you know abs you really want to have strong abs but you want to have a strong core and as for suspension there's proxy 29 muscles that make up the core so if you get those to activate first and then you add movement you're actually going to decrease some ones back pain but you're also looking at it as an entire program by foam rolling and stretching yeah because there's our muscles that need to be stretched and foam rolling and then you're activating the other muscles to help realign your body back into again our first point of the five kinetic chain checkpoints for ideal motion and movement and then of course that also brings us to the last point which is what is the end goal and you know we've talked about this obviously last week and we'll talk about this again next week but you have to know the purpose of your program what you know when a client sits down and they tell you that they really want to look amazing you know or they want their torso to look amazing meaning they want to have the six pack abs and they want to have you know good good movement and feel better and look better you know really look at again the assessment and we keep going back to that but you need to know the purpose of why you're designing the program and then as we're going to discuss moving forward think about the purposes of the exercises that we're going to talk and and then let us help kind of guide you and think through some of these exercises when you know when should it be implemented into a program should it be completely taken out because of certain things we talk about today or you know should you include them in your program and maybe you haven't thought about about it so. Okay so let's talk about let's talk about the first movement this is everyone's gold standard this is the crunch and speaking of the core that I can see that we're training maybe in each of these variations we're training maybe a quarter of our core muscles so tell us what's happening here. Yes and again when we say this we're not saying that you cannot do crunches and we're not saying that they are a bad exercise so I really want to really pinpoint that one statement because that people are going to be like oh we heard this webinar and any of us says don't do crunches and any of us is not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that and princess you're not agreeing with that what we're trying to get you to think about is what muscle are you targeting or supposed to be targeting when you perform a crunch and if you're doing a crunch correctly you should really be focusing on your rectus abdominis and so Marty do you want to kind of take us through these these positions? Yes the reason I want you to I selected these pictures is there's a little bit that we can look at in each one so let's just first focus on the rectus abdominis what it does it if you have max motion which you piece of process I'm going to people are limited in the you know extensibility of the rectus abdominis you have the ability to your spine from each direction 30 degrees so as soon as you pass 30 degrees there has to be a shift in the muscle you let sure that you're targeting to get into the rest of that flexion so as we talked about most people are in a flex position anyways so again you when you really want to target the rectus abdominis which is not a problem to do when it's appropriate keep it to that 30 degrees now if you want a stability ball yes you can get some extra range motion because you if they have the extensibility but even when you come past neutral you still only have 30 degrees so after that you're definitely getting engaged your hip flexors which again we've talked about it so many times most people don't need to target their hip flexors and again when you mentioned it those hip flexors attach on the transverse process of your last five lumbar vertebrae so they create a shear force so if we're trying to protect the back as a lot of people would do to choose these exercises you don't want those muscles activating and pulling and creating a shear force on your lumbar spine same thing goes for the cervical spine so the reason that when you and I chose the second picture of the female client here you can see that the form of technique looks pretty good in a core but you can already see her sternal clitoromastoid firing and the one rule I've always had when I first learn these techniques or when I bring in crunches when it's appropriate someone says I can't do crunches my next always saw that's a huge indicator or an assessment that they're using the wrong muscles right because the muscles in their course should be stable first so they can maintain their position in of their head so and then when you see the other two picture of the gentleman they're both going into different levels of flexion of the hip so again risk first reward now again I know parenthesis is probably gonna throw the curve all at when you end this one so I'll jump ahead if appropriate right and someone's nice and stable mix martial artists they need to be strong to come up off the ground they're willing to do these type of exercises against resistance because that's very important to their sport especially if it's not a standing striking only type of sport so gymnast jujitsu yes you need to be strong in this at all times but again remember we don't always play sports because they're good for a sorethopedically so you gotta balance that out but if you have somebody that that's not their goal you know maybe you have a senior person who want to be able to get up and off the ground so there will be a time to do these just dissect the exercise what am I trying to accomplish what is those muscle groups actually do and if I change that range of motion what am I allowing to now contribute to that motion and I'm glad that you brought that up about about jujitsu because I'm in a unique position in that I do teach teach jujitsu classes but I also take some of the athletes there and I do a little I help them with their programming and what I always do is move them out of the special depending on the game that you play in jujitsu you spend a lot of time already in spinal flexion your hip flexors are already firing so if we do any of those exercises they're used in the context of SAC exercise it's appropriate for the sport but when we do our exercise training outside of the outside of the dojo it's moving them out of that and making it stay true to what we kind of what we teach you absolutely what we teach here with the OPT model absolutely yeah and I would just go to throw into when we say alternative again we're not saying not to do any of the crunches but as Marty mentioned you know think of your range of motion before you start fire some of these other muscles that maybe weren't meant to be targeted in the actual exercise and you're basically your approach and so again we're not saying not to do a crunch it's just think about the importance of the five kinetic change at points and and then you know why why you're having someone do some of this stuff and one of my favorite alternatives is a standing crunch with the rope so my head can be in the right position and I have to control my long bar spine in a neutral position doesn't take a lot of weight but if I'm going to go into that flexion I like the fact that as the weight pulls back or my client I'm really focusing that lumbar stabilization so again just a different way to think about doing a crunch doesn't always have to be lying on the ground yeah I would go ahead Wendy I was just going to say and remember ideally you know we we kind of bring in the crunches starting in phase two so you know we would have spent you know anywhere from four to six weeks performing exercises again with little to no joint motion to make sure that we don't have the forward head and we don't have any of the compensations and so you know if you want to do the bicycle type type you know exercises or whatever to target your rectusodomas as well as the hip flexors because again if a muscles overactive it's still weak and so we're not saying that you're never going to have to train these muscles it's just again looking for ideal range of motion and making sure that your client is prepared for something like this maybe not to that extreme but prepared to do it correctly in order to to get the most out of it and right and since we have some kettlebell users here one thing that I like to do in place of that is the half-gett-up half-gett-up to the elbow which is a that that has a couple of different movement patterns and it's it's if you can get it it's a good alternative to just doing crunches it's good to add it to a box perfect well then it raises yeah to the the hanging leg raises and I love watching this at the gym and as you can see the picture of this gentleman performing a hanging leg raise you know his his lower back looks fantastic and this is a great exercise for your hip flexors however we were talking about the core so Marty do you want to talk a little bit on that before I go and back to why most people do this is due to the fact that they think they're working the lab which myself Wendy and Princess not located yet again it's just your rectus of the hominous so we can't spot reduce now again this could be done well so the limiting factors here are going to be too full you have the hanging leg raise or where people are in the you know the elevated position but now I see a lot of times the compressive forces because they don't have the civilization in their shoulders to maintain that position on their elbows so both can be inherently risky or hard for the person because they may not be strong enough to hang or support themselves in one of the other positions now could somebody do this right and work their rectus abdominis that 30 degrees that I talk about absolutely but again when your legs are further out extended from you think about leverage so now you've got the biggest muscle group in the most weight in your body in your legs and you're extending your legs which now means the folk room which is your lower back and lower person of your abdominals are really going to be under a lot of stress so if you can do it make sure that they're safe with either the hanging position of the suspended position and then also start with the knees bent because now you've eliminated all that extra strain and stress on a low back and if you can do it properly you should only see the long bar spine flex that 30 degrees but if you see their back straight and they're only going up and down into hip flexion how much rectus abdominis are you doing besides you know indirectly so again it can be done it's it's a great exercise if appropriate and if done with ideal form and technique the majority of people though are not executing it the way that we would like so let's play that's play a little already yes this person here this person here wants to do this exercise no matter what and if you don't let him do it he's going to move to a van down by the river how does he what what what is some things that you would do to regression sure not it's a great logic to that point so I was thinking about this too so we always have ways to progress to regress this is a more of an advanced form and technique and again I already said how when you're ready to do this you would start with an easement so if I was going all the way back after stabilization one you'd start on the ground now here's the way I like to do it I like if I can find a small stability ball to have them support their legs on and I actually have them dig their heels into a little bit to get a little the hamstring flex you know firing because then they're quad and hip flexor may not fire as much due to reciprocal inhibition and it also helps physically guide them into that arching motion it's a very you know it's not a heavy it's not a medicine ball if you need to regress it even from there you could use like a decline bench and use gravity to your assistance to help teach that queuing where gravity's helping then you can go flat then you could tip the bench and go against gravity so a lot of progressions and regressions that you can do and there may be even more than that those are just three simple ones that I like to do before I'd have somebody go to this but again I'd start with their knees bent for sure and then guys when we're talking about this exercise whether it's the flutter kicks or you know laying on your back doing leg raises we're still talking very similar concepts from the anatomical issues that we need to discuss we just chose the hanging leg raise and another thing I want to point out Marty is think this individual seems to be pretty dialed when it comes to his lat extensibility but again looking at your assessment if some of them's arms fall forward or I mean hopefully again you've you've cured them out of that and they do have a proper extensibility but if they are lacking range of motion or they are showing an anterior pelvic tilt those are two key indicators that this would be extremely challenging for someone to do correctly okay so why don't we why don't we move on to another favorite life oh no I lost I lost my place here but yeah let's go to the torso rotation yes so two different types of machines that are still targeting the same area and again you know we're we're looking at the oblique when someone's doing this particular exercise and when they're in the seated position so when you're looking at picture number one there you know obviously their legs are going to be under and held in so they're in a seated position when they're in this position there's a lot of compression in the lumbar spine on the discs and if they're limited in thoracic range of motion you know they could be getting way too much rotation from the lumbar spine which is going to increase pain and cause some some issues later down the road and then you know also think too looking at the picture to the right you know it's the same same things to think about you know obviously you want to think about what where they're rotating and Martial that you go in more detail about that but you know they're rotating and the stress that's in the lumbar spine but also with the knees bent you know if they're tight in their rectus promores this can put the client in an even more of an anterior pelvic tilt which is going to lead to even more compression and and Martial you want to dive deeper and there but those are just two just looking at these pictures hopefully you guys can start to pinpoint and see some of these common areas that you know are going to light up if people are already complaining about low back pain yeah and and to go into it even more with you know everything when he said was just so spot on but then first and foremost look at the weight stack there so what you'll see is a lot of people they're using their arms and momentum they're not really utilizing the muscles in their core so there's been times where I've played around these machines myself where I crisscross my arms and find a way not to use momentum and the weight drops to maybe 1520 pounds right because now you're not using your chest your back your biceps to go through that you're really looking at what my core can rotate you know also when you look at the rotation in each one of these you know we could talk about where the hip internal rotation would be you'd have to be pretty mobile and again that's why stabilization and all that correct it would come first before you got to the strength phase here but I can tell you there's been times with certain clients where I've utilized this machine and all I do is give them 15 degrees rotation each way because if you're looking at the true real deep internal pair spinal muscles that do connect to the vertebrae and they do that rotation they're only doing 15 degrees plus or minus when you get that was big rotational movements it's coming from the hips it's not coming from a locked position of one part of your spine and when you see that first machine when I lock my lumbar spine and rotate now the bottom might the rask spine up you're ringing out your discs with resistance your spine is really supposed to move in its entirety yes you can work these little inner pair spinal muscles segmentally weight is five pounds minimally so again when you really start to die sec what you can do with that machine and since we can't spot reduce we're going to encourage you to do all your rotation and a standing position potentially where you can clear the trailing hip so that way the whole spine is moving together and then we just know there's a lot less compressive forces on the spine and if I was doing anything such as golf or throwing a punch or a kick I don't want to be clearing that hip anyways so it just comes back down to what I'm going to be doing in real life if I had to do this so be careful segmenting it that way especially if you don't have the mobility and you're handling a pretty good amount of load there from a weight standpoint yeah and some good some good and alternative exercises to this obviously is like using cables you know let yourself rotate like your hips rotate with you or if you would try not to do that then use something like a you know a pow-off press you're still going to focus a lot without putting the twisting action so much on the on the actual vertebrae and in lumbar spine which is often custom why you hear people having bold and disc problems that later lead to pain where they can't even get out of a chair so no that is good and a cup and for those of you who train at home like I do yeah anchor band anchor bands to something you can do chops from there and I'm going to go back to an exercise that I mentioned a couple minutes ago and that's just just a half get up we're doing the doing very similar movements here so I think we covered that one quite well and just a reminder to everyone if you're listening and you have questions please ask please ask your question don't leave them don't go back and ask those questions you can't ask them on social media but ask them while we have these two live out let's talk about back extensions now yes so back extensions fans has sick exercise when they're performed correctly so again you know when we say risk versus reward if we want to tell you again great exercise but we're going to talk about as you can see in different pictures we're going to talk about what these people are doing so when you're doing a back extension you're hopefully targeting or if you're ideally trying to target the directors and you know if you look through this you'll see that the guy on the ball is going into hyper extensions and going too far and adding even more compression in the lower back and then when you look at these other two individuals and Marty I know you're going to go into more detail about this but if you don't have any any flexion and an extension of the spine and you're really bending more from the hip flexors then technically when you come up your prime mover is no longer going to be working your you're going to really be focusing more of the handstring as well as the glutes so that brings us back to the very first slide again of understanding what is it that you're trying to target what are your prime movers in the exercise selection that you have because again if you were trying to work your directors or the muscles in your back you're really not doing that on the other two other than it acting as a stabilizer versus a prime mover so Marty do you want to go into more detail yeah and we end great stuff and we pick these exercise for a couple of reasons first of all when you know I talked before we're not targeting we're not ever training muscles we're training movements so first of all you can see that on the stability ball he's not in triple extension so we need neutral spine when he's already shown you how he's going into hyper extension the knees you can see are slightly bent so that quasi not extended he should be probably pushing into a wall so he can get into that planar flexion because that's the movement that's eventually going to be running jumping squatting whatever that is so and then the one on the bottom you know people have always asked like you know how much is two range of motion or too much and do I just go all the way down so first you know at some point when you go too far now no muscles really engage so now there's going to be more stress on your spine so when you did a phenomenal job talking about how you've got to get your hip flexors loosened up because that's going to limit range of motion or you know how much you can do with these exercise and you can obviously see her position of her cervical spine is far from neutral as well so you know when you go into the you know the flex position you don't need to go as far as you'll see here because now in that over length and position we know muscles are going to be weaker about four and especially if someone's holding away they now are in a weakened position because they've gone too far range of motion they're going to have to compensate that and so that stress now can go to the wrong muscular church which means for any muscles to work as well as now there'll be some shift to the joint to take some of that out again make sure that your feet aren't actually rotated either see a low and wing so really make sure that person's drawn in make sure they're limiting their motion as they come up nice long control and really get them to focus on their glute being the prime mover because the low back and hamstring you're going to help but really get them to focus on the glutes is the prime mover and then stop them in just slight extension maybe five to 10 degrees not into that full hyper extension okay Wendy do you have anything else to add before we move to my favorite exercise in this deck no again you know when we have turnitives there again we're not saying not to perform these it's just I think you know think about what you're trying to target and if you are trying to work your vectors then just add spinal flexion and extension like flex it to go into the length and position and then slowly come out of it and just make sure that it's controlled again you know you need to put a lot of love into your spine and if you just throw up a lot of weight or you go into hyper extension the compression is really not worth it versus really taking the time to do it correctly and focus on your forms okay thank you for that look on to our next exercise in the deck so this one uh chiropractors and orthopedic surgeons all around the world have a love hate relationship uh with this exercise they they love it actually they have a love love relationship they love it because on some level their patients are they're demonstrating self efficacy they're getting out to the gym and training and they love it because this is an exercise done in properly it's going to keep them on the table so let's talk about the Russian twist and some things that we can do to actually get more out of this exercise or give safe alternatives. Certainly so again with the Russian twist you want to think about what is it you're trying to target and you know here we're trying to target their oblique and so um you know when you're doing it and exercise for that and you're actually adding this type of rotation you want the motion coming from the thoracic spine and as you can see and and again I'll have Marty going to a lot of detail she is in a flex position with her feet off of the ground so her hip flexors and her so as and everything is is having to work to maintain that position and then she's adding because she's in a seated position her rotation is really going to be coming more from a usually their arms if their torso stays straight because they're just moving their arms from side to side so that's a compensation that you'll see when people are performing this but then also that in this picture she's going to be getting the rotation mainly from her lumbar like her lumbar spine which as hopefully the last 45 minutes of you listening to this have I realized that that's ideally not where you want to get your motion so Marty doing take it away yeah I can just do this one and I've been forced to do this one in my dojo and it's every time it's like it doesn't feel good because I do my best to get all the hip extensibility I need it's just one of the things I'm constantly working on and there's just no way for me not to feel this exercise incorrectly and what I mean by that is you know my low back is like why are you doing this and it's one of the only exercises that I still would struggle with from not feeling good because I've worked on all my correctives and stabilization so I just totally stay away from this one at all costs for me and again it's for everything that Wendy just said is you know I'm trying to work my core and I've locked down my lumbar spow and some people rotate the legs as well and you're just really putting so much torque and torsion in the lumbar spine and let's again go by how the spine works. Lumbar spine is designed to be stable the rask spine designed to be mobile cervical spine designed to be stable now of of course stable joints still have to move but what you end up seeing is the complete opposite in this exercise you see people's head moving all over the place and then maybe they're moving from their lumbar spine and the thoracic the one that is really designed to be rotating can't and again with you know hit some limitation hip and torr rotation now that I've fired up my hip flexors now it's even harder for me to rotate it's just not comfortable for me at all so I have lost and often times you have the right places yeah and you'll see a lot of people when they do this because they they lift a really heavy load they go into spinal flexion then they're locked down in lumbar you know their lumbar spine is actually obviously locked down and then now they're adding this huge huge weight from side to side I mean it really does wreck havoc on the on the entire spine at the end of the day yep and like you said when you're just trying there's so a cop focused on how many reps or how much weight they're supposed to be told to move it's just you know again we're not going to say never to do it but again what it's really the end goal and can we find something that's more functional everyday life and you know give them even maybe better results by getting them standing up getting their hips involved maybe they can handle more load that way in a safe or manner and even burn more calories if that's the case it's just we want to preserve that spine absolutely yes and Marty I'm going to have to give you some tips on leveraging your black belt privileges you should be able to say I'm not doing that I'll do an alternative sense a speaks but the good news is he has allowed me to create some more the training program so we're getting away from those Russian twists yes yes I'm in the same boat and it's the boss yeah so if they're not so let's so let's move on let I think we covered we got a lot of great alternatives for core exercises we understand what the core is so windy let's give us a recap your takeaways and tell us how to log in touch with you absolutely so you know again when we went through this I just want to emphasize you know understand that if you choose to do any of these exercises hopefully Marty and I covered some resources reward or gave you some different alternatives to think about implementing into your program if these were some of your key exercises and and we're all learning so I remember when I first started out in my programming sometimes I would do exercises and then realize later after going to you know listen to a webinar are going to a workshop like oh no I've been doing that like I needed I need to stop so hopefully you're taking this in as as a learning experience and not that we're trying to pick on some of your favorite exercises the big takeaway would be just look at the assessment figure out you know what is appropriate for your client if if they have compensations obviously think about the exercises for your core that would involve little to no spinal motion so plank side plank sprig is things like that that will target the actual core musculature that's going to protect the spine and then when you're ready to add some of these movements of flexion and extension you know usually again we start this usually in phase two through four you know just just pick ones that your clients can perform safely effectively and efficiently without compensation and you know think about you know common compensations we discussed and how to cue them out of it and then at that point just have fun designing programs and coming up with your own uh your own exercises that are truly going to target the primers that you're trying to uh you're trying to hit when you're programming and then to contact me obviously you'll see it up there on the screen it's Wendy.batts at nsm.org and my Instagram is Wendy.batts 13. All right you for everything that you've done today Wendy and Marty Wendy you're such an amazing job sorry with the takeaway there so just to add on to that is you know just exactly she said what's the real purpose figure out what the best exercises are and then as I was hint at the beginning every exercise should be a core stabilization exercise and a minimum and then you can really start to target do you need to train the core specifically for strength and power which we absolutely recommend in a progressive manner so we're just so excited to discuss because there's so much great information out there so to get a hold of me you've got my email there.mordy.miller at nsm.org and then Instagram is dr.mordymiller 72 and then two other opportunities guys to jump in and have these type of conversations Friday morning 6am I do a coffee talk live where it's just all about answering your guys questions and I do the same thing on Tuesdays at 930 both Eastern Standard Time where we can kind of jump in and continue these type of conversations so hopefully guys can check in there. All right thank you a lot thanks thanks again to both of you for your contributions for your information and I hope everyone who's listening today found this found this useful thank you to everyone who hung out with us today and thank you Greg for keeping it going so we will see you next time everybody have a great be safe

=== FILE: Secrets of Diet and Weight Loss [twER7OU9S4M].txt ===

Welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie. Thank you so much for being with us today. And thank you for everyone who will on Instagram was able to do the countdown timer in preparation for this particular event. And the reason we had so many people do that is not just because of who we have on the show today. But it's because what we're going to be talking about is one of the foundational components of why people go to personal trainers. It is because of weight management and we have a wonderful guest with us today. Katie calls us with us and she is a registered diet. She's highly educated in the realm of nutrition and she's going to be talking to us today about diet and weight loss. So Katie, introduce yourself. Tell us who you are and tell us a little bit about avatar nutrition and some of the projects you've been working on. And then let's talk about diet and weight loss. All right. So you guys know my name is Katie Cole's and as Rick was saying, I'm a registered dietitian. My background is actually in biology. That's what I got my bachelor's of science in and then I got a master's in nutrition ended up going back to school actually when I was almost 30 years old. So that was a big accomplishment. Absolutely. Absolutely. I worked. Oh, thank you. It's hard when you're older but in some ways that's hard but in some ways it's easier because you're like focused and your hyper-driven and you know exactly what you want. Yeah. So when I came out I started working in research and development for a nutrition company. I was making products. They're doing a lot of education on the science behind the products. During that time I was also doing fitness shows and I fell in love with the concept of flexible dieting prior to that time. Like a lot of people who do shows I was restricting my food intake. I was really struggling with binge eating and I had this mentality related to food that some foods were good, some foods were bad. So it was really destructive and I just found myself cycling between under eating and then overeating. So I became so passionate about flexible dieting because I figured out that you can eat foods that are off-limit and moderation and just decimated this idea of good and bad foods. So at that point I put in my job and I ended up trying to start this company that was based on flexible dieting because I wanted to bring that to the masses and really help people eliminate food guilt and yet be able to maintain their body in a sustainable way. So that's how avatar was founded. And avatar nutrition is it's a digital diet coach. So what it does is it sets your intake of protein carbs and fats. Basically tells you how much you need to eat based on all the anthropometrics that collects about your body and your goal, things like that. And then the real magic happens when it changes those recommendations every week. So there are a lot of apps out there, right? Like my fitness pal, that gives you a starting point of what to eat for your goal. But it doesn't continue to make adjustments as you lose weight. And metabolism isn't stagnant. So that's the real magic behind our system is that every week you weigh in and just like you would with like a personal coach, we look at your progress based on what we predicted and then we change our food recommendations. So that's how avatar worked. All right. So talk to me about flexible dieting and the good and bad foods and I hear it all the time, not just specific foods, but sometimes specific macronutrients, right, that these are bad and I think no one really believes that a macronutrient is bad within itself. But certain foods are always going to be labeled by large groups of people as bad foods. And you can pick about any baked good that you could get in the morning as a breakfast food. And people will look at it and go, oh, that is bad. A croissant is bad. I don't know it is bad. A bear crawlers. And if you think about it, we see them as being bad foods and yet we all kind of want them to some degree or another is flexible dieting just saying at every once in a while give yourself a break. Yeah, I think it is. A lot of people, you know, there's this idea that IF, I am or flexible dieting is trying to fit as much quote unquote bad food into your diet as possible, meaning food that is laden with sugar that doesn't have a lot of vitamins and minerals and it not a lot of fiber, just things that taste good your treats. And that's just not the case. What flexible it does is it allows you to have those foods in moderation as long as it fits in within the entire day and the context of what you're trying to do. So as long as you're getting the right amount of protein that you can have pounds like that as long as you're balancing it out for the rest of the day. So it really does eliminate guilt. And I think that's where this diet is really powerful. There are no specific foods that should absolutely be demonized or considered op limits and all situations, you know, as long as it fits within your budget with your new calories for the day. And so yeah, I think there are a lot of diets that are effective. You know, you mentioned there are people who are afraid of carbs, right, who are not necessarily afraid of carbs, but just advocate not eating carbs that you don't need them, you know, you don't want to keep a jet in the diet, it's more filling. There are things about it that are good for you, but really any diet has the potential to work as long as it effectively reduces your calorie intake. But it does come into Calories. So it doesn't make sense to demonize any one of these macro-neutrient groups. Let me ask a question about the calories then because I get questions about this a lot that sometimes people aren't losing weight because they are eating too few calories. And I hear, I hear kind of interesting things about that. So I just want somebody who's who's studied and is educated in this to speak on this concept and the starvation mode and all of these interesting things that I hear where I get confused because I hear different things. So maybe let's have you speak to it because I know from following you on Instagram, super fit, lean, and you follow it. Like you do the dieting, at the dieting, it's not the right way. Dieting is just how you eat, but you do it well and you maintain a relatively fit and lean figure. So are you depriving yourself of calories or you do? So answer it for all of us and answer it for yourself so that we know what you're doing to. Okay, so well first of all, this is fun. Let me take your first question about starvation mode. Let's talk about the principles of weight loss. To lose weight, you need to be eating fewer calories than your burning. That's just how it goes. It all comes down to that calorie balance. Now there's this belief out there like what starvation mode that you can limit calories so much that eventually your metabolism will slow down to the point where it can drop infinitely to prevent you from losing more weight. That just doesn't happen. You see that if you're watching the news and you're looking at some of the war torn countries in the past and places where there was famine, people end up being skin and bones. You know, ultimately you do die from starvation. And if there was such a mechanism that would prevent metabolism from dropping so much that would happen, then you wouldn't see that. That's not to say that metabolic adaptation does not occur because it certainly does. So you would expect just based on losing total body weight and maybe losing some fat remas some muscle. You would expect metabolism to drop a little bit, right? So it takes less energy to move around if you're a lighter person. You would expect that. But with metabolic adaptation, you see drops in resting energy expenditure that far exceed what would be predicted just based on loss and weight and lean mass alone. So that is a thing. But it's limited and how much that can occur. Right? I mean, in some studies you show a 6% drop in the total amount of calories you burn per day. 6%. I mean, that's certainly a drop. It certainly can affect things that might amount to 150 calories. And it could have just depending on how much weight you lose, it could even maybe go as high as like 10%. But it's never going to drop so low that it's going to prevent weight loss. Like eventually if you're dropping calories down, you will hit a point where you're going to start losing weight. It may not be comfortable. You may be really hungry, but eventually you will hit that point. So what happens with these folks who claim that they lose weight eating more calories like and I've had clients have this happen to them as well and people on avatar, you know, where maybe they drop calories down to like what they think is 1,400. And they're tracking that food, they think they're hitting it and they're just not losing weight. And then so I'm like, you know what, why don't we bring your calories up to 1,700? Let's just add 300 calories and see what happens. And low and behold, these folks start losing weight. And they think, oh my gosh, that's magic. I just wasn't eating enough. But what's really happened is mainly two things. One is that metabolism probably has increased somewhat. So when you give people more calories, they have more energy, right? So that means that they're going to probably put more into their workouts. They're probably going to be burning more calories during their workouts. If you have the energy to really go hard, you see it there. You see more calorie expenditure doing basic things like taking walks at night. Maybe they were so lethargic before they were leaning on things. So increases and non-activity energy expenditure goes up, right? So meat goes up. And that's the main reason where people start burning more calories. And it's not a conscious thing. They don't realize it. They're just tired all the time. And when you give them just a little bit more in terms to eat, suddenly they start burning a lot more calories, which in effect puts them back into a calorie deficit and then they start losing weight. So there is a sweet spot for these folks where maybe if you cut too low, you become so left-bargic and your workouts are so horrible that you're just not burning as many calories. Also it becomes really, really hard to stick to those calories. And adherence is another huge problem with these folks. So maybe during the week they're eating, you know, 1300 calories, 1400 calories, 60 days a week. But one of the days a week, they fudge it and they go quite a bit higher. Now they don't necessarily remember that, though. They have this figure, 1400 calories in their mind. I was doing it almost all the time. I've been so good and they had really been pretty good. So adherence, so there's probably combination of the two there. They have better adherence on higher calories. So they're actually probably eating less when you average things out. And also their energy expenditure can go through the roof with meat and just what you're burning in the gym. Yeah, so I did exactly that over the weekend and last week I was doing really well in my diet and you know, I have a relatively good diet anyway. But then I get to, I guess, the weekend and we're at my parents' place in Alabama and they order pizza. And I was like, man, I haven't had pizza in forever. And instead of eating a normal amount of pizza, I kind of went all in. And I was like, man, this is really good. And then I vlogged myself, right? So I do the vlogging the next day and I go for an extra long run and all of that stuff. So I don't want to punish myself for the diet, but I also need to check it at the door and say, hey, this is not how I need to do this. I don't need to to lose it when I finally allow myself to have food that I don't normally most commonly eat. Do you see this with your clients and water some of the ways that you address this with some of the ways that you're doing? Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. So guilt will kill your diet. Okay. And people like you who are, you know, hyper vigilant people who are athletes, people who are training for shows. These are the folks that really have this very black and white outlook on things. They're what we call rigid dieters. They're not very flexible. So they basically feel like they really need to be perfect. They hold themselves to high standards all the time. So when you eventually get hungry, which happens when you're restricting a lot, and you have something that you feel like you shouldn't. And that you know how's a lot of calories, and it's not the best for you. And my kill your diet, and you get a little taste of it, the flood gates open and you're like, oh my god, it's almost like the last supper. And you know, you can't stop eating it. Like this is a really, really common thing. But I think the problem that exacerbates this is, first of all, that last supper mentality, which is, that's what I refer to it as, which is, oh my gosh, this is so up limits. This is the last time I'm going to have this in a long time. I'm never going to do this again. So let me enjoy it. I'm just going to go ham. I'm going to go all the way because I already messed up. And you have that guilt associated with it. But I think we could change our mindset towards dieting and understand that you don't need to be perfect. The human body doesn't necessarily see things in 24 hour cycles in one day cycles. Just looking at an average of what you eat over time. So when a whole week, if you mess up and you have a little bit more calories and you go over your calories with pizza, that's awesome and delicious, that's totally okay. Just know that the rest of the week you can totally make that up. So you don't need to go like all out in yellow. You have enough pizza and just continue and continue to eat it. So I think that when you have a mentality where I can be doing this, this is off limits. And you're just very rigid. I think that exacerbates every problem. So you could if you could approach it with more of an outlook on an average of what you do for the week and having flexibility and that you can always make up for things. It allows people to fall off a little bit, but get back on the way and faster and without that guilt because the guilt is a huge problem. Life is too short to be living with guilt when you're eating certain things. That's true. I think the big problem also with the majority of people that do this is the fact that they'll do it and then suddenly the thought process is I've already fallen off. So if I can't do it then I just won't do it and then they give up and so instead of getting back on and focusing over time what needs to be done, it's like exercise and I mentioned this multiple times on the podcast. I'd something happens and they don't work out and then it's going to take too long to get to where they need to be and so they just don't do it. And I tell people a little bit of something's better than a whole lot of nothing and we have to continue at picking away those little things and the self-flagulation and people concerning about beating themselves up. It's not welcome to you, right? So we don't like it. We don't like it when we do that to ourselves. So I think that a better idea and a better concept is being gentle and understanding that it was just a day and this is just a day out of the week. It's just a week out of the month. It's just a month out of the right like to get back on it and create a sense of purpose behind your diet as opposed to not considering it and when we do mess up not to beat ourselves up over it. Yeah, I mean, you asked me how anestified and really well, you know, from my Instagram post how I stay so lean all the time, what am I doing? You know, that's making that possible. Well, I'll be honest with you. I weigh less and I have a lower body fat now than I had 15, 20 years ago. And the reason for that is because of this flexibility. I've learned how to be flexible back then. I would beat the heck out of myself or fall in off the wagon and it made it that much harder to get on. I had so much shame about it. I mean, I had a really severe eating disorder. I would restrict to the point. I would lose all this weight, get super, super lean. And then I would be doing a fitness show as an afterwards. I was just so hungry and I would go have a cake. I would eat whole cakes at a time. Put myself in the hospital several times with refeeding. Yep. I was in the syndrome. One time it almost killed me actually. I developed SMA. And they were like, God, you have no visceral fat. What's going on? Well, I was torturing myself by starving myself. And then I couldn't help at some point, you know, the survival mechanism, kick in, your appetite hormones go up. And, you know, that's what happens when your dieting is for, you know, so long and left and starts to drop and gray ones going up and your body and your brain are just screaming at you to eat. And it's just a human instinct. And the problem was when you diet for that long and that hard, you know, all those hormones get out of balance, they get out of whack. So even when I should have been full, I wasn't full. I was at the buffet in Vegas. I was going up having ice cream in my oatmeal, like eating so much. And so what would happen to me is that I would go through those periods of being really low weight and then I would over eat and I would gain a bunch of body fat. I couldn't stand the way I looked and so I'd cycle back into this. And it was just terrible. So I never could maintain a healthy balance of anything. And most of the time, it backfire to the point where I actually had a higher body fat almost all the time, except for when I was on stage. You know, but this whole finding flexible dieting and the idea that there are no good and bad foods, I mean, it was completely liberating and groundbreaking for me because I was finally able to find a middle ground, you know, where I could be happy. And now I don't even really have to try very hard at all. And I've been flexible dieting so long that I don't have to strictly count to anything like that. Now, after you have sustained a healthy body weight for long enough, those hormones, everything starts to balance out. And I do a great job of knowing when I'm hungry, knowing when I'm full, I can eye protein and know how much I'm getting. And so really, I just, I let my body do a lot of the talking in recent days. I think that that just said, that comes with experience and it comes with time. That's very important for a lot of people to recognize too. The amount of effort that went into it initially doesn't exist right now, right? Like it's not as effortful. It's not as difficult, but there is a challenge when you first start doing things. And I think that this important point out that there's going to be, you know, a flexible diet is helpful, but there are still going to be challenges that come along that you have to put effort in in order to overcome. With that said, let's talk to the personal trainers and the family that we have here online. And please tell us what we as fitness professionals can do on our end to help support people and their nutritional goals. And by no means am I saying that we don't or could not or should not refer out to a registered dietitian. I think that's really valuable and it has a place. But fitness professionals also have a place in helping to support people when it comes to their diet. What can we do on our end to support what you do on your end? Uh-oh. Did a, did a loser? Oh. Are you talking to fitness trainers who are you talking to me? No, talk to talk to you. What can, what can you say? Oh, okay. Oh, I have to. What do you want your end? Um, that's a good question. I mean, I think you guys can provide support and accountability. That's really, really important for your clients. And I'm just speaking as a person who built an algorithm that serves a very, very large number of people. Rarely do I take on personal clients anymore? But we do recommend make recommendations for how much a person should eat and how much they need each week. And that changes of course over time. But the biggest thing that I think could be helpful is you have clients who are, I know you guys do who are on the system and also who have work with registered dietitians and those dietitians have prescribed actual calorie amounts or macros to hit or work with people on diet. Um, but I think, you know, in order for a diet to work, it needs to be sustainable for that person. They actually need to be following it, of course, which is the big key. And that's where I think you guys can really help out as coaches is finding out, you know, why somebody may not be able to stick to their diet. What's really going on if they're hitting flat pros and if they're having the clearance problems and helping strategize with them and walk with them, hold their hand through this process and really also not just providing support, but that accountability too. So sometimes you need a hand held and you need words of encouragement. Sometimes you need, you know, to come at it from a little bit more serious angle. So I think that I think that's what you can do. Now, do you think that the benefit that people tend to see, you know, we see research that talks about diet and that pretty much any diet that somebody gets on, especially in the early phases tends to work? Um, do you believe that the reason that happens is simply because it's something new that people can adhere to in order to achieve a caloric deficit. I think it is. Well, I think largely it is now not completely. There are other components that come into play, but yeah, when you start something you're excited about making that lifestyle change, you find yourself really motivated, you dive right in, you're very adherent and over time that adherence and motivation, just like anything else starts to wane. But I think it just depends on the case because there's certainly also cases where a diet is successful because they have achieved that calorie deficit. And if you lose enough weight over time, you are going to start burning fewer calories. I mean, and you may get tired, which can actually account for burning a lot less as well. So there's the things that happen when BMR, your resting rate drops and when exercise efficiency improves, you're not burning as many calories during a workout. But then of course, like we talked about, your look, our Jick, you're just not moving around as much back and all make calorie, your calorie expenditure go down quite a bit. So in effect, it does erase that calorie deficit. So there's two things happening like you mentioned. And I think primarily it's adherence, but secondarily, if you lose 30 or 40 or 50 or more pounds on that diet, you're going to hit like a new step point that you're going to have to break through. And the only way to do that is to become motivated again and drop calories or exercise more. So with that said, we hear a lot of people talking about these set points, right? Like this is this is where I naturally am. Like, I'm not here that because I hear it a lot of times in fitness and human movements, I am where people go, I naturally just have my feet turn out or I naturally have this. Is there a natural set point of four people's weight or is that point that people kind of get to where they're like, I just, I'm on this way. I've been this way that I can't drop any lower. Is that something that their body just really wants to stay at? Or is it simply because they're maintaining a caloric balance and they're not doing enough for a caloric deficit? Well, likely spoke about a few drop calories and you will lose weight. But that's not to say that there aren't certain ranges that people's bodies are more comfortable in, for instance. We see that with women losing their period. I've been able to achieve extraordinary low levels of body fat. And I only lost my period for one month out of all the years that I did it. Whereas I saw, you know, so I was getting to 12% things like that. But then I've had friends who, you know, if they're even down to 17%, they're losing their period. So there is kind of a place where your weight is comfortable and your body does fight to stay there. It's not to say that you can't change your physical makeup and break through that. But it's going to be very hard. So when you lose enough weight and you're losing body fat, body fat, depot kind of sends a message to your brain as left and dropped that you need to be eating more food. And Gralin, same thing, it's going to increase and it's going to tell your body you need to eat more food. And they used to think that that was kind of an acute indicator where just after meals it kind of worked like, oh, it's signaling for your next meal. And now we're seeing it more of like a long-term signal as well. Like your body fat's getting low. And so it's not just a signal to increase appetite or eat. But researcher of thinking now in the latest years that it goes, it takes us up beyond that and it's actually preparing your body to efficiently store fat. Okay. So your body does want to maintain this balance. But at the same time, you know, I've seen people completely change their bodies. These are people who were pretty overweight and didn't have a whole lot of muscle. And they really picked up and got into fitness and built a ton more muscle. And that changed everything in their body. You know, it's like I see people who reverse diet. If they reverse diet long enough and they're increasing calories over time. And their body gets used to that and they're starting to build more lean mass. That changes their whole metabolism. So you can break through set points. But it's not going to happen overnight. This is something that you have to diet and phases to do. It's something that takes years. But yeah, so I think that there's a bit of goal going on. I wouldn't have to say it's impossible. And that you just can't lose weight beyond this point. No. I mean, it might be hard because your appetite goes up. Right. It goes that way for high-participitude. I know that especially when it was younger. Like many young people, I wanted to build muscle. And I was like, oh, it doesn't matter how much I eat. I feel like I'm eating all the time. And I just can't gain weight. And the fact of the matter was I had to eat more. If I wanted to gain weight, I needed to eat more. There may have been a point that my body liked being at. But at some point, if I took in more calories, I was going to gain weight. I also want to make sure that no trainers ever talk about that being a problem in front of weight loss clients. Because the last thing of weight loss client wants to hear is how difficult it is for you to gain weight. And so for us, we have to be very careful with what we say and what we put out there because the way we put things down and the way people pick them up can be very, very different. So we have to be aware of other people's perspective and look through that lens. Now, with that being said, I want to go back to some things that you talked about. You mentioned them several times. You talked about left and you talked about Grellen. You may be, if mentioned a couple other hormones, can you just kind of go through for us and our audience about what these are what they do and what impact they have on diet? You want to just talk about Abdiah Herons? Or do you want to talk about calories and versus calories out in general? Just a little bit. I think that's kind of people are very confused about what the word metabolism means and all the components that go into this and there's a lot that goes into it. If I say, oh, weight loss is just about calories and then calories out. That makes it sound so simple. It's not simple at all. It's very complex and there's different components of this that can each be affected that changes things. So I think if we're talking a little bit about that, you mentioned the calorie part right there. So you're talking about what determines how much we eat and that their appetite hormones that do come into play there's long term, long acting hormones. They're shorter acting hormones. So the long term ones look at more of the body fat stores in general and what's been happening over time. And if the body fat stores are getting too low and the fat cells are getting too small, you're going to have left and then dropping, you're going to have grail and then going up. And there's other hormones involved too. The shorter acting ones, which is like CCK and some of the gut hormones that look at things in the short term. So there's the symphony of things happening that change the way your brain sees food and prompts you to eat. That's a safety mechanism. So there's that that determines the calories in portion, as well as just the psychology of eating in general. Like we talked about the rigid versus flexible mindsets. You know, whether it's okay to make a mistake or not. If you feel like you totally messed up and you have this idea that there's bad foods when you eat one of those, you might go, you low on it and just throw in the towel and say, okay, I'll start tomorrow or maybe in a few days and then you end up completely overeating, eating way more than you needed to if you would have just gotten back on the way again. So there's that, there's the social influence of food and there are people who love to go out with their friends and eat. And when you go out to eat, you know about food. Usually doesn't have as much protein, but it's pretty darn laden with fat and carbs. And if you're drinking alcohol and then sugary alcohol drinks, calories really sneak in there. So there's the social stuff that comes into it. Those are all of the things, you know, reward behaviors by the brain. How strongly it reacts to sugar and stuff like that. And there's different people who have slightly different responses and the strength of the gross response to it. So that all comes in, those were all the components of how much you eat or the calories inside. How the calories outside of course we've talked about like your resting energy expenditure, which is just how many calories your body burns. It rest, how much your organs require your brain, you know, to just do just for me to sit here and do nothing. That makes up about 60 to 70 percent of a person's total calories burns. So that's really a huge part of it. You've got the thermica effect of food, which is just how many calories you burn to break down food. So when food goes into your body, there's a process of absorbing and metabolizing it and taking it in pathways where it needs to go, that all costs something. That all takes energy. So in different components of food have a different cost for breaking those down. So your protein is going to be a lot more expensive to break down. You could lose somewhere around 20 percent, even like up to 30 percent of the calories you eat. Yeah, from protein, just burning it. So if you eat a hundred calories from protein, you know, you might only get 70 or 80 of those to really use towards energy. Carbs, you know, only 10 percent fat is pretty darn efficient. You're almost going to get all those calories. Right? So there's that thermica effect of food. There's the thing that we talked about, which is neat, that you hear a lot about in the literature, which is just how many calories you burn fidgeting pacing. It's not really planned exercise. It's just all the things you do to sustain activities of living. And that is the most variable component, I think, a energy expenditure. And there's a huge genetic component to that. So there were twins studies back in the early 90s that were they overfed, you know, twins by like 1,000 calories. These different sets of identical twins. So they shared the same genes, right? And what we saw was that they all gained different amounts of weight. They all responded differently to those 1,000 calories. Some barely gained anything at all, even though they were being overfed by 1,000 calories for like 80 days. And some gained a ton. I mean, the difference was an interesting thing was there were differences between the pairs of twins, but within the pairs, they were pretty close. So there's a genetic component with how you're how well you dissipate off calories from overeating. And you know, probably the same goes for how much your metabolism adapts to underreeding as well. So there's a genetic component to that. But what we found is that when your body responds to excess calories by burning off more, it's primarily doing that in the form of need. So these people who didn't gain much weight when being overfed by that many calories responded really well. They started, you know, pacing a lot more fidgety and a lot more, you know, they were just highly active people. And then there are the people who just kind of sit there when they're getting overfed and they don't do much more at all. Those were people who store a lot more fat. So it's just interesting that that's the component of energy expenditure that responds so much to more food. And then finally, there's the cost of exercise and moving around. So those are all the components that make up the energy out. So you can see that there's a lot going on to create that balance between energy and energy out and a lot of different variables that can be manipulated to get a client to start losing weight again if they stop losing weight. Nice. And here's what I really like. I like what's happening because we look at somebody that's talking about new traditions, registered dietitian. And it's just as important for for you guys oftentimes to address activity as it is to address the diet. And I think for fitness professionals, it's very important for us too that we're not just addressing exercise while the person is with us. But we have to talk about the non-exercise activity. We have to be supportive with the diet. We can give support. We can give some guidance the certified nutrition course that we have at NASM is very helpful for personal trainers to to give an understanding of what that's like and it's something that I think that you a good subject matter expert that helps to contribute to the field of what we do. And so I think it's really valuable for us to understand that for many years personal trainers we're like don't talk about diet. Remember the time that somebody gave their client a fedra and then their client died and then there was litigation and all of this kind of stuff. Well we don't do that. We don't do that but that kept us from being able to talk about diet for 15 years. And then finally, other groups started coming in and saying it is valuable and important for fitness professionals to address diet. It doesn't take away from what registered dietitian does. Just like when we have clients that have boo booze and you're a correct-to-victurized specialist doesn't mean you never refer out to a physical therapist or a chiropractor like there are times that you can address it as a fitness professional and there are times people really need much more help and much more guidance from somebody that has a specialization and education in that field. And that's why we want to have people like you on the show is that we want to learn from you but also learn when is the best time to pass somebody back off to to somebody that it's real more focused in the in the field. Same thing with you, right? I'm sure that you you probably have a lot more education in fitness than a lot of other people. So you could address some of the fitness components but of incredible value, personal trainers. It is not just the time that you were working with a client that we need to support that client. They're paying for the hour but they're paying they should be paying for you to support them throughout the week. And what that means is setting up a schedule for understanding what that non-exercise activity looks like and that is valuable. You're going to burn way more calories, non-exercise activity throughout the day than any one hour exercise program that you could put together. I think that this is so highly valuable of the Katie that you mentioned that and it's wildly important for us to understand. And there are the simple things that because they're so simple, people don't take seriously. Like taking the stairs or getting, you know, getting off a flight or two early and taking the stairs and the costs it's so simple, people don't do it. But the same thing goes with diet sometimes too. Right? Like there are some things that are just so simple but they almost seem to nominal to actually make a difference. But a lot of those little little things add up. What are some of the little little things that you see adding up? And you mentioned that alcoholic drinks and or the sugary drinks and things like that. What are some of those other things that you're not saying don't have but they kind of creep up on people and we don't necessarily consider it and maybe there are things that we should consider? Well, let's talk about a little bit first about what you just said with energy, expenditure and meat and making sure that your client isn't falling victim to becoming so left-bargic that they're not moving anymore and now their weight loss diet has stall. You know, I love the fact that you said that personal trainers really should be educating their clients on nutrition. That's something I forgot to add that you said when we were talking earlier and I was talking about coaching and supporting upon it, there's that education component. We need these people to understand that it is about calories. Everything I've talked about, you know, regardless of what they hear out there where all there's this mechanism to hijack your metabolism by eating low carbs that'll change everything. Now I don't have to worry about calories. No, it's always about calories. When a diet works it's because of calories and you know, so getting back to the meat component though, that's just something I wanted to add. The education, we really need you guys to be doing some nutrition education. Like that's important to peer that with their exercise program. But as far as meat goes, something that you can do if you start to see that your client is being this plateau is maybe having them where we get one of those fit bits or Apple Watch or something or a simple pedometer or something that's going to track their steps. Because again, this is something that subconscious meat isn't planned exercise. They're not going to realize that that's dropping. They're just going to think, oh my my metabolism is changing and it's because it sees that I'm not eating enough and now that's, you know, what they're going to think. But really you're just tired man and we need to make sure that somehow you keep these levels of activity up even if you're not thinking about it. So I think that those wearing those devices and really encouraging them to hit a number of steps or to move a certain amount or to burn a certain number of calories through their activities. Since most of it is like you mentioned not an organized activity like exercise but outside of that, that's one way you can get your clients to start really tracking that. You asked another question about where little things can add up in terms of where you're playing can stall with weight loss. One of the things that I've seen actually a lot of them have to do with nutrition. That's really what it is. So adherence, the longer you're on a diet, the more you're going to start to want more food and the more you're going to crave food. So you're going to have to start getting strategic with keeping them in a calorie deficit. And that might include organizing refeed days, right? Days where the client is going to eat a little bit more so that they have something to look forward to. Psychologically it's easier to stick to their diet that way. Or maybe even doing many cuts where they're doing a month or two just dieting and then maybe a week they're going back to maintenance levels and they have that time to look forward to. And then their motivation can increase again and they die back into the diet. They're really able to adhere. So there are these different ways that you can increase a client's ability to stick to the diet because that's the only way they're going to have success. Now, as far as individual food components and where people can go wrong, I see people using spray butter and eating it like drinking it like even drinking it. Like I see people, I'm serious. And this is horrible but that used to happen to me when I was starving myself trained for shows. I'm like, oh, it says it's zero calories. Okay, it's zero calories per like a single spray and it's got priest calories in it. Nothing comes for free like that. And if you spray it enough times, man, those calories can really add up. That's not zero calories. Okay. And that goes the same for the Pam cooking spray. Who is sprayer to a second? No one does. That's not realistic. You're just spraying on there for seconds and not logging it, not counting it. I didn't matter. Right. And so the things you put in your beverages, right? Your creamers easy to forget that you did that. And there's all these things that add up eating vegetables. People think, well, that's to those are free. I mean, it has many vegetables as I want. And I don't have to consider that that's actual calories. Well, if you're only having a couple broccoli florets, that's true. But really, if you're using that to add volume to your diet, that can add up to hundreds of calories. So, and when you take all of these things together, that really matters. And also, consider that people are terrible with portion sizes. Okay. Like, our portion sizes in America are so skewed because when you die now, you get like this giant plate of stuff and you start to see that as normal. So, I think educating the clients on what a typical portion size looks like and how many calories that has in it is really important. I see people, I've had clients entering all their stuff into their tracker carefully. But then I look at the portions of what they're having. I'm like, okay, you've had this giant salad. And then you said you had two teaspoons of ranch. We know that you didn't really have two teaspoons of ranch. There was a lot of ranch on there. Yeah. And it really added up. So, those are the things that I've seen. It's a leaves inside of it. Right. Exactly. So, let's be realistic. I know that's what I do. So, I'm speaking from personal experience. So, yeah, there's a lot of places where these little calories and things can add up on the calories inside. All right. So, here, I want to get to some questions that we may be having from the group. So, I'm going to bounce this over to Greg. And then once we're done with that, I've got another question that I want to ask before we close out. But Greg, do you have any questions that are popped up throughout the feed? Oh, try again, Greg. I can't hear you. When you're immune, it makes it tough for people to hear you. Yeah. So, James and the chat wants to know when eating mainly fresh whole foods. What do you recommend people use for accurate macro diet when it doesn't have a barcode to necessarily scan for something like that? Oh, when eating an fresh whole food, you know, I think it's fine to, well, first of all, you the most accurate way of doing things is to weigh things with a scale. If you want to get really granular, it really is. But that's a lot to ask people to do. So, if they're willing to do that, that's fine. But again, if something's not sustainable and it's miserable for them and they won't stick to it, then we need to not do that and we need to go ahead and just use what's in that food database. So, for example, a banana. I have clients who weigh that out. They love it. And I've planted just anter, one banana, one medium banana. Now, is it going to be exactly right on with the macros? No, it's probably going to be off a few here and there. But, you know, as long as you're consistently doing that every day, it should even itself out over time. So, you know, I think you have to kind of weigh between trying to hit things exactly and just doing good enough, which will lead to good enough will work for people. Also, it's important to remember that there's like a 20% variance on food labels anyways. So, the macros are never going to be exactly right on. And it's important to remember that. And I also do something where I give clients if they aren't willing to weigh. And I usually do have people weigh at least for the first couple weeks or a week or two so that they get an idea of portion size isn't any kind of get it. But there's also little rules that you can put in like a size of a fist is like a cup of carbs. Okay, if you're having oatmeal or a pasta or a rice, you know, your palm is about three ounces. The thickness of your palm and the size of your palm is about three ounces if you're a woman about four ounces of meat, if you're a male. So, you can do that with meat. And then of course, you have the teaspoon as like the size of your thumb nail, a tablespoon as half a golf ball. So, there are little things you can get them due to do to estimate too. Okay. And then, sure you wanted to know if you could tell a little bit more about the app, your app and the tracking of flexible eating that way. Yeah, so the app tells you how many grams of protein carbs and fats to eat. And then it kind of makes it a game. Like you try to make the circles turn green by the end of the day for each one of those. And if you're way over on fat and you're way under on carbs, there's a flexibility component where you can move like a little dial and it allows you to take energy from the carbs and allocate it towards fat. So, you don't have to be exactly right on on each of those. Like the calories from those are interchangeable. So, it's not like you have to hit each one perfectly every day. So, you just want to get into the right ranges. And then there's a feature that actually adjusts your macros every single day. So, if you're like Rick and you went out and had pizza and you were like, okay, I'm just going to log all this food, even though I feel kind of like I shouldn't exactly have done it. That's okay. I'm going to log all of it. Oh my gosh, I'm a thousand calories over. Well, if you have five days left, tell your way in period, what the app is going to do is it's going to drop your daily calories by 200. The rest of the days of the week. In order to nudge you back into those ranges, so that you get back on average. So, that really plays on flexibility. And so, yeah, and every week you weigh in, just like you would with a coach, you enter your body fat, your weight. And if your goal was to say lose one pound a week and you only lost a half pound and you fell short, what the what the web app will do is it'll drop your calories down and get you to start losing the appropriate amount of weight. So, it's very responsive to your body and tell it, and tell it discovers the calories you really need. So, it's interactive with the person and Rick, you asked what I was up to. And it's building that app. We invented it for so long now. And it's awesome. It's going to be great. But in the meantime, we have a web app. So, it's on our website people download it as a PWA. So, they still interact with it. Like you can still use it. But we're making an app for the for Apple and for in the Google Play store. So, that's a little bit more about it. Awesome. Congratulations on that project. They're really, really hope that that goes well for you. And I'm glad that we can be an outlet to help support some of our trainers clients with that as well. Hey, Greg, do we have any other questions that have come through? Yeah, one last one from Ava. She wants to know how can you find the appropriate balance of macros when running recommends 70% carbs. But in order to lose weight, I can't go over 50% carbs. You can, oh, you can lose weight going over percent carbs. It all comes down to how many calories you're eating. So, I think 70% though of your diet from carbs is quite a lot that doesn't leave much room for protein and fat depending on how many calories you're eating. Right? I mean, if you're eating 2,000 calories and you're at 70% carbs, that's 1,400 calories coming from carbs. So, you only have 600 left for fat, which you're probably going to need maybe 400 of those to meet your essential fatty acids. You want to make sure you eat enough fat. But then that doesn't leave enough for protein really. So, I think 70's a little bit high. Any way, depending on what your calorie expenditure is. Now, if you're eating 4,000 calories, that changes things. That leaves a lot more room for protein and fat. Maybe you can do that. But really, there's no magical ratio when it comes to fat loss. And the way I tell my clients to do it is you really want to figure out first how much protein you need. That's going to be important, right? One of the most important macros, especially for weight loss, because it's so filling. And it's also thermogenic. So, like we were saying, it costs a lot more energy to metabolize it. So, you're getting almost free calories that aren't going to be stored as fat from protein. It just really helps with adherence. And then, of course, there's keeping lean mass on, which is important because if you're losing weight, you want most that weight to be coming from fat, not muscle. So, I always tell them figure out the protein needs first a good general, like I talked about protein all day. But a general rule of thumb is really about 0.8 to 1 gram per pound of body weight of protein. So, 0.8 to 1, somewhere in there. And then, figure out your carbs and fats from the remaining calories that you have left. Right? And since you're a runner, you want to make sure that maybe 70% of what is remaining comes from carbs. That's fine. And then, 30% from fat, but 70% of total calories is seems a little bit extreme. But, yeah, again, when it does come to weight loss, remember it is all about the calories. So, there's no reason that you can't lose weight eating more than 50% of your calories in the form of carbs. Gotcha. All right. I like that. Thank you so much for sharing. And I have one more question for you. And it really has to do with cravings. So, when I have clients that have food cravings and maybe they go, like I did with the pizza or something like that, how do you talk to your clients about food cravings or if they're like, oh, really? This is my bugaboo. During this time or during this, I get these cravings for food. Good. Talk us through the cravings and what people can do to support that fall within this flexible diet that you're talking about. Right. So, the more a food is considered off limits, the more you're going to crave it. And this used to happen to me. I crave chocolate so bad. And so, when I finally got my hands on it, I couldn't stop eating it. It ruined my diet every time. It was absolutely terrible. I mean, it would blow it for an entire week and a time. I would eat so much in a single day. So, it was really hard to get back into a doubt. I said after that. And that's because, again, my mentality was so rigid. I felt that it was bad. It was something that I shouldn't be eating. But once I switched over into moderation, and I allowed to have myself to have a little bit of that every day. It took about two months before I really got it and before those cravings stopped. But I don't even crave chocolate anymore, ever, ever. And in 2014, that was my first experience with flexible dieting was, I allowed myself to have a piece of chocolate every single day training for that show. And that was like a pro show as well. They're in Phoenix at the time. And I ended up eating chocolate every single day as an experiment to myself, several pieces, fitting it within my a lot of calories. And I ended up winning that show. I still won that show. And so, it was this light bulb moment that, man, I've been depriving of myself. And that's only made these cravings worse. And I don't need to do that anymore. And once that became something that could be part of my diet, it wasn't, it didn't have this power over me anymore. So I think that's one thing you can try as changing the outlook on it. And as long as it's not like a giant piece of cake, where it's going to take, you know, up a ton of their calories. And then there's nothing left to make sure you're getting your vitamin of minerals from. I think sort of training people to actually implement one of these off-limits things in a couple days of the week, or even a little bit every day may change how the brain sees that food. Now, understand that there's going to be a period of time where it takes a while to get used to that and you're still going to crave it. It takes, it took like I said, some time for me to actually realize that. So that's one thing people can try is actually implementing that snack as part of an organizer. So then the person feels like they're not cheating and it's not bad. So changing their approach to the food. But then, you know, there's certainly other clients that have something coming up and it since it takes a while to change the outlook on that food. Maybe that's something that they shouldn't really be doing at this very moment until you have time to train them with it. And those people who can't seem to stop eating it once it gets in their house, maybe we need to not buy it and have it. So readily available into their house, I prefer option one though. But there's also option two. And then it substituting something in there that's similar for that, right? Like if you're your kryptonite as ice cream, maybe doing something a little more macro friendly like halo top, or you could do the ice cream and just have a smaller serving size. If that works for the person, but if it doesn't, and they've got to have that high volume thing, doing a substitute that's almost just as good in the meantime. But yeah, I think we need to be, what we need to be thinking about with our clients is doing like a complete overhaul of how they see food. And that's going to change the way the brain responds to it once it's no longer considered a goody that's like off limits. I love it. I think it's valuable. It's also really cool to have somebody speaking from an experience that they've had because a lot of times, you know, we get people that can speak to something and they speak to it from their clients perspective or a patient's perspective. You have clients that have done this, but it's really interesting to have somebody with the education that you have that also has gone through the experience of dieting, of ups and downs, of also training for competitions and having to lose weight the same way with like fight sports, where we have to cut weight in order to get into a weight class that we want to fight in. These are challenging things and to see what you've done and how you have applied the flexible diet and still been able to lose weight or body fat, specifically it is incredibly valuable. So I want to thank you Katie Coles for being here and providing our communities and insights from what the things that you do and what you work on and I want you to shout out your social media, how can people find you, how do they get avatar, talk us through those things? Yeah, so I'm at my Instagram handle is the fit dietitian with an underscore between the fit and between fit and dietitian, so at the underscore fit, underscore dietitian. Also, you can follow avatar nutrition and that's just the handle on Instagram. You can look up our Facebook pages and I'm under my name and we're under avatar nutrition. So we're also on Twitter. My business partners pretty active on Twitter with avatar, but personally I haven't used mine in a while. So yeah, mostly most of my stuff is on Instagram. Excellent. Well, I follow an Instagram and avatar. Good stuff. It's really enjoyable to to watch and not only do you just post pictures, but you do post educational content. And that's what I really like about your Instagram handle. So please, if you guys want to hear some information, not just see a photo, but to hear some content about the education and diet and things like that, then you have a really good handle to follow and I appreciate the work that you've done and what you're doing. Thank you for being on the show and I really appreciate you taking the time out of your day to do this with us. Absolutely, Rick. Thanks for having me. And if you guys have extra questions, we can DM my Instagram if you want. Perfect. Awesome. Well, thank you so much for being here. This is the NESM, CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie. I want to see you on Friday. If you can make it back for our Facebook Live, we're going to have Nathan Highland on the show and we're going to be talking about the international outreach that NESM is doing. And also, I'm sure we're not going to get away without talking about fight sports because of his extensive background in fight sports in training and being an owner of a fight sport promotion for quite some time. So thank you again for listening. And we'll see you next time.

=== FILE: Self-Identity and the Power of Tiny Habits [Mh31QGrU6jw].txt ===

Hi, welcome back. Many times when clients come to us for help, they are looking to achieve a goal. I want to be stronger. I want to become a better athlete. I want to be thinner. They come in focused on the outcome they want to attain, and they don't necessarily consider who they would need to become in order to achieve it. This is a big gap, however, because our self identity describes who we are. It describes the way we think of ourselves and whether things fit with our image of me or if they feel more like not me. Now who we are determines the choices we make? Determines what we value, and what we decide to do. For example, if we identify as a person who hates exercise or only eats fast food, then no matter how badly we want the weight loss, it will be really hard to achieve that as an outcome. Because the person who has to make the choice day after day to eat healthier and to move their body isn't likely to choose those behaviors, and ultimately won't reach that that outcome. The challenge we all face is the community that we use to describe ourselves, rest directly in the unconscious or the fast-bring side of things. Meaning that if we don't have a lot of time or mental resources, or we are feeling overwhelmed or stressed, we will end up automating decisions based on who we've always been, and not necessarily choose ones that align with who we want to become. Oh, me? Yeah, I don't run if it's under 40 degrees outside. Me and I'm feeling stressed. I'm going to the pantry to grab the cookies instead of working out. Well, say things to ourselves like, this is too much. This feels too hard. I can't make this happen. Now, one of the best strategies you can use with clients who want to make change is to have them spend some time considering who they are currently, and who they would need to become in order to achieve the goals that they've set out to themselves. This allows them to consider what types of behaviors or responses that they would need to choose in order to reach their goals. Do they need to start eating more fruits and vegetables? Or are they going to have to start getting more sleep in order to feel arrested and have the energy for their workouts? Well, they need to limit how much time they spend watching television to get more movement in, or maybe they need to stop hanging out with some friends as frequently as they do. Then, once they've identified what they need to do, you can strategize with them using the conscious slow part of their brain on how they might make that happen. You know, maybe they can make sure that they always keep a set of workout clothes in their car so that they have the ability to go to the gym after work. Maybe they decide that they're going to have to keep the cookies out of the house and just go outside for periodic treats and set up saying that they won't eat them. The other piece of knowing who your client desires to become and what responses they want to choose is that you can help them move in the smallest possible direction toward that new identity. When we choose tiny habits that move toward who we want to become, while still staying in alignment with who we are currently, then we're much more likely to stick with the change because it doesn't feel so drastically different. So what you're going to do is to pass through your degree of check in and broccoli may not be possible for someone who identifies themselves as a veggie heater or a fried chicken fanatic. Someone who dislikes exercise may not be on board with a program that will require them to do five workouts a week. Maybe that veggie heater can agree to eat one piece of broccoli each day or that person who doesn't necessarily like to work out can agree to two workouts a week. If we know what they think is possible and we help them identify small shifts that they can make that move them toward that direction, we can help move them toward their new identity and ultimately their goals. Small changes don't trigger discomfort, fear, or other feelings of, I can't do this, this is too hard and therefore they end up leading to greater adherence and success. We'll talk more about how to apply this with the Mishrushen recommendations in the next video, but for now, know that it's important to think about who your clients want to become and how they can take small steps to move toward that image by having them pick manageable changes that they can do. And with your support of course it'll be easier to reach the outcome goals they desire. We'll see you in the next video.

=== FILE: Stomping in Weightlifting Pro Tips, Pitfalls & Performance Impacts [VdbLOw934A4].txt ===

On today's NASM CPT podcast with me Rick Richie, I explore to stomp or not to stomp. What am I talking about? When you lift those weights, you Olympic weight lifters, we explore some of the straight coaches and why it is that they don't like the stumping and we'll explore why some coaches swear it's the only way to go. And then I'm gonna lose you all for a few minutes while I use a mathematical formula to talk about impact forces. The new, then I bring it back with excitement, which is a questionable take on how stumping for performance athletes may not be the best, but why it may be good for the elderly. Make sure you like, follow, subscribe, and leave a five star review. Now here's the episode. To stomp or not to stomp. You're listening to the NASM CPT podcast with Rick Richie, winner of the shared Car Emile Ward for social storytelling and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey y'all, and welcome to the NASM CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie, and today I propose the question to stomp or not to stomp. That's the question whether the slings and arrows about rage is fortune, no to stomp or not to stomp. And y'all know what I'm talking about, right? Here are people doing their Olympic weightlifting and I don't know, maybe they're doing cleans or maybe they're doing a snatch, maybe doing a clean and jerk. And they are just smack in the ground. Harder sometimes than they need to be or is it? So today I'm going to just explore a little bit like, do you need to stop or is that just the sound of landing? So here, let's just talk about this for a little bit. We're going to talk, I guess, let's do a little pro and con here. So let's start with what is a case for people to actually not stomp? And I'm going to say that Q has really gotten some frowns by some strength coaches, performance coaches, lately that teach weight lifters, they think that it teach weight lifters to do what's called a donkey kick, which is basically just like over stomping. And it causes them to raise their feet too far up the platform just so they get the sound of the stomp. And the purpose of the stomp should have more than just, hey, listen to me, do it. I am landing this well because of the sound of my feet hitting the platform. So I will say for the most part, elevation like that, where you're leaving the platform, that can be unnecessary, it can be incredibly inefficient. It is oftentimes referred to what we call wasting energy. So there's that, right? So you are pulling up, but remember, if you pull up just so you can raise your feet off the platform and stomp hard, then what is the purpose of raising up that high if you don't need to when you're lifting heavy weights? Let's be honest when you're lifting heavy weights. Anytime you're lifting more than you need to, that's more than you need to. It's a waste. Also, some people stop hard and just stick with me on this because they want to sound like they're a top weight lifter. And when you lift heavy weights, that's just what catching the weights sounds like. That's what it sounds like. But if you're not lifting heavy, if you're doing even the training bar and you're hearing people stop and they're stomping hard, they're to purposeful stop. It's not because they are catching heavy weight. It's because that's what they think they're supposed to. Now, let's also say this, some strength coaches swear by the stomp. But I'm going to say this. I think hard stops, this is something to be aware of. Hard stops are going to limit your stretch shortening cycle. But there are some reasons that it might happen because some people do it. It's going to increase proprioception and increases the stability of catching a heavy bar. And I think that's important. I think that's important. So we can talk about those as some of the reasons why they do it, increasing maybe a little proprioception, increasing stability of catching a heavy bar. So let me explain it like this. If you ever done squats and felt your weight shift to the ball of your feet, like, oh, the weights getting top heavy, forward heavy. And that can happen in Olympic lifts as well. And so one of the things about doing a full foot flat stomp is it keeps the bar close to you. So it keeps the bar from translating forward and it allows you to be able to land in a flat foot. So you are less likely to do that little forward lean. So there's a reason for that. But I'll also say this. One of the reasons that some strength and conditioning coaches have you stomp is to stimulate muscle. And I will be happy to talk about that more after this. This episode of the NASM CPT podcast is brought to you by NASM1. The membership for trainers and coaches, members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the edge app to schedule and program clients, enjoy half off all certifications and specializations, access to free CEUs and more. All of this for just $35 a month. Go to nasm.org slash membership to learn more about NASM1. All right. So let's talk about this. Before I get into the weightlifting version of this or like the Olympic lifting, let me just do this in terms of like a box jump, right? And not a jump up, but a jump down. And so I want to measure energy. I'm going to turn that energy into newtons and then I'm going to turn newtons into pounds and kilograms. So we have an idea of what's going on here. So I'm going to take, let's say, energy. So here's the equation. Energy equals mass times gravity times height or the height at which you drop from. So let's say that you're 70 kilograms, that's 150 pounds. So your mass is 70 kg. And it doesn't matter. You can do kg. You can do pounds, it doesn't matter. And then you're going to multiply that times 9.8 meters per second squared. And then you're going to do the height probably in centimeters because the height is in meters. So if I do this and say, let's jump from a 20 inch box or 50 centimeters, that's half a meter. So I'm then going to multiply that times 0.5. So I get 70 times 9.8 meters per second squared times 0.5 meters. So my energy produced upon landing is 343 units of energy here. So what I now have to do is I say, well, when I land, I absorb the force where I displace my head and my body drops. I absorb force. Let's say I absorb that force by dropping 30 centimeters or 15 inches. So if you kind of look at something on the wall and you drop down into the athletic ready position or absorb into a squat position from landing, let's do it. Yeah, we're going to say we'll displace about 12 inches. All right. So that 12 inches is 30 centimeters. I'm going to take that. I'm going to take 343 as my unit of energy divided by 0.3. And that's going to give me 1143 newtones. So if I absorb 12 inches and I weigh 150 pounds, I don't. But we're just doing how to medical make my numbers easier, then my actual impact weight is 256 pounds if I absorb that for 12 inches. But what if instead of offsetting 30 centimeters, I land hard and I only absorb 10 centimeters. Instead of 30, then I can take that 10 centimeters and instead of absorbing where I drop into my position, 30 centimeters or 12 inches, I drop 10 centimeters, which is like on five inches. That weight that impact weight goes from hitting the ground at 256 pounds to 726 pounds. That's crazy. 116 kg at 30 centimeters or landing at 329 kg if you only absorb for 10 centimeters. So one of the reasons that people hard stop or people land hard when they jump off of something is in order to have a greater impact force, what is called the average impact force. And so that average impact force can be really elevated, but it can also be bad for you in some ways. How? Well, if you don't use your muscles to absorb, so instead of bending at the knees and bending at the hips and using landing on the ball of your foot when you jump off of the platform, if you land straight like a jackhammer hitting into a ground, then that is going to be all impact up your spine. And that doesn't help your muscles very much, but it does do something for your spine and it ain't good. So this is why some of the people do the hard stops and their landings, because they can increase their impact force, they increase the stimulation to their muscles. But if you hard stop while you're lifting heavy, then the people who lift heavy weights, hard, they don't hard stop usually. The elite lifters don't hard stop usually, they just catch it. Now why? Why do some people catch it? And why does it make noise? All right, so let's talk about this. For weightlifting, I don't mind so much if you do that harder landing, because you're looking to increase the stimulus and don't mind it. However, when it comes to performance, you can train impacts like jump downs and feet stomps and things like that. You can do that, but you also have to train elastically as well. You have to train by absorbing and rebounding force. And when you stomp, you cannot rebound force. So use this as just trial it. Try running up a set of stairs as quickly as possible while stomping each stair you go up. Are you going to be incredibly or at least significantly slow compared to what you would be if you just did an absorption. You didn't hear the lands on the steps and you just bounded up the stairs. And the reason that is is because you have a stretch, shortening cycle. But when you don't stretch, when you hard stop, there's not enough stretch there. There's not enough build of potential energy to turn into kinetic energy. So when you turn that into performance, some people are just Olympic lifters. And they like the stomp, they like the stability again. When you hard stop and you feel the floor and you're holding a heavy weight, that can give you comfort. But when you translate that to performance, I don't, again, I don't mind if you do a hard landing off of a box as long as you also practice a soft landing because you do a hard landing, then try to do a rebound jump after a hard landing. You ain't going anywhere. You're not going very high. But if you absorb and then jump, then you've now taken that stretch, shortening cycle. And now you are following up jump. Your subsequent jump from the landing is going to be much more impressive. I won't tell you another group. A group that I like stomping for, and this isn't even weightlifting related. It is the elderly. If I have elderly person and their balance is getting a little bit poor and they've got bone mineral density issues and I can't get them to lift heavy weights because their body don't lift heavy things. Then I will either have them depending on their ability to to do this. Just do stumps. As if they're doing a weight lift, so you just pick the feet up and stomp down to get stimulus to the muscle. That's going to stimulate their muscle with a brief moment of really elevated weight more than any weight that they would actually do while lifting weights. And then I also will have people stomp one leg at a time. Just stomping hard, one leg, really hitting the ground, getting nice little reverb up the body because I want to, and I want to see the leg muscle shake a little bit when they stomp. And I had a guy that trained. He has moved away unfortunately. He is 93 years old and I trained him until he moved away almost a year ago for about eight or nine years. And as lifting got harder and balance got more challenging, we stomped, we stomped. And he at first he really didn't like it. He didn't think it was doing anything. But then I tried to explain it to him. The impact force of a stomp is more than the weight that you would lift. We're going to stomp with your knee. You have to keep your knee bent. You don't want to hyper extend your knee. All of these wonderful things that are going to allow you. And then you're going to stomp with your knee bit more than it usually is. You're going to stomp with your knee without an excessive bend. So we're stimulating the muscle at different ranges of motion just to increase both bone mineral density or at least stimulation of the bone and also stimulating the muscle. I think this is a great use of it. What do you think about stomping? I think that you can stomp. But I don't think that you have to. When it comes to Olympic lifting, do you have to stomp? No. Do you have coaches who are going to swear by it? Absolutely. Are you going to have coaches? That are going to say it's totally unnecessary. Absolutely. Absolutely. People are not a monolith. When it comes to this and somebody will listen to this and say, oh, you're saying, I do because their strength coaches that are renowned that hold really strong positions one way or the other. And there are a lot of renowned coaches that don't hold a strong position one way or another. You can. You can't then matter to them as long as you do what. Successfully lift the weight. So you do you. You do you. But I will say this if we're trying to translate that to sports performance, then you can't sports performance with the stomp thing alone. You do have to absorb and produce force. And again, some of that hard stomp sound that you hear from the elites is because that's what it sounds like when you catch really heavy weight. But you can coach it. You can not coach it. You can do it. You can not do it to stomp or not to stomp. That is up to you as a strength coach or up to you and your strength coach. Unless one way hurts more than the other. And if you find that you're doing something and that hurts you, then you just got to do whatever that other thing is. All right. Y'all thanks for listening. I appreciate it and thanks to our producer Eric Soordinson. I want to say like subscribe share with your fitness friends and family and leave a five star review if you want to reach out to me. You can do so hit me up on Instagram dr. Rick Richie or email me Rick. Richie at nasm.org. You'll keep inspiring people to fitness. Thanks for listening. This has been the nasm Cpt podcast.

=== FILE: Summary Application and Practicality [w9pJxkyGbRU].txt ===

Alright, so with the series, we talked about practical strategies to best help your clients. What we use nutrition examples to highlight how some of these can be put into practice, the truth is these same strategies for building habits works for any habit you want to build. Or, it's all to the curve. What we do know is to keep any long-term success, whether that is run nutrition, exercise, or, well, anything is building slowly over time, progress over perfection. Consider this with your clients and even apply it to your own behaviors. Changing habits can feel really challenging, but with the right amount of awareness and support, we can craft the behaviors to help us achieve the goals and outcomes that we want to achieve and become who we'd like to become. Let us know how it's working for you and how we can help you along your journey. Thank you for watching.

=== FILE: Talking Performance, Sleep and Recovery [VImFbMOy07w].txt ===

Welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast. My name is Rick Riching and I'm so happy to have you here today. We're a few minutes behind getting on board, but that is something that we hope that you'll stick around for because we have such a wonderful guest with us today. Her name is Dr. Allison Brager and she has been an absolute gym for NASM as a subject matter expert and she has supported us in several ways. And today we're going to be talking about sleep and sleep hygiene and sleep hygiene. I mean, I'll defer to her, but it does mean a lot more than just washing your sheets or bathing before you go to bed. So I cannot wait to get into this conversation and I'm going to just bat it over to Allison. And Allison, please just tell us about yourself who you are, what you do, how you've contributed to NASM and then we're going to get into the sleep conversation. Yeah, sure, absolutely. So I, this such a joy to work with NASM. Somebody years ago once told me to plan your career around your lifestyle and not your lifestyle around your career. And I've been lucky enough to do that pretty much my entire career so far. So I am a neuroscientist. I was in school for about 14 years. My PhD did a few fellowships. You know, if you want to talk about my specific area of expertise, it's actually looking at sleep genetics. So identifying new biological factors, mostly genetic factors that control how much sleep you need, but also particularly how well an individual handle sleep deprivation or stress. Believe it or not, there are a handful of genes that just make some people more resilient to sleep deprivation than others. And so, you know, it's really no surprise that when we're talking about high performers and elite athletes and even government positions as people, we believe sort of self-select due to their, you know, unique biological makeup. So that aside, I have been able to leverage this work to help the US military. I do a lot of research related to selection and ascession purposes. Again, looking more at the elite performers of the military and sort of putting people into positions that goes with their biology instead of fighting against it. But how I got involved with NASM 2 is I myself, I'm still an elite athlete. You know, even at the age of 36, I still tried to compete at the highest level. Most recently, it was in CrossFit, but I also do a Master's Track and Field. I was a four year versity athlete in Track and Field at Brown University. And then I found CrossFit and I've competed in the CrossFit games a few times in regionals to. So that's really, you know, again, just marrying my lifestyle with my career. It makes every day at work feel like a vacation and less like work. Okay, Allison, I'm just going to say that for somebody, I've been a good education. You've spent years in school. You are in elite athlete. You make it seem like I've done nothing with my life. So honestly, like this time's crazy. I'm just trying to keep up with all my college teammates. So a few of my college teammates have like SPs and MAs and like literally very like the kings and queens of the arts and entertainment industry. So one of my teammates is the V-digs who is like one of the leads and the play Hamilton. So you say who I'm competing with. Yeah, I'm like a couple of years. I love him. Love him. Yeah. Yeah. So hey, I want to talk about first of all, you're still active in the military or what you do and you're supporting the military. Can you just go into that briefly and then let's talk about sleep and what you've done with the military because I think that there's probably some sleep deprivation that takes place. Yeah. And then get into this conversation about sleep pretty deep and how it can apply to all of us in our clients as well. Yeah, sure, absolutely. So I like to, there's this term that was coined a few years ago. I think by Tim Ferriss and Ben Greenfield called Biohacking. And I think for years that's more or less what we as military scientists try to do is Biohack physiology. And so in order to do that, you have to fully understand it down from, you know, macroscopically at the level of behavior all the way down to the cell. And so that's something we've done in terms of discovering new factors in the brain or even outside of the brain that regulates sleep. So actually one of my claim to themes in the sleep deal. And it's like one of those discoveries I had years ago that will stick with me for the rest of my career is I actually identified a protein and skeletal muscle that has the ability to regulate how much sleep and organism needs. So for years, we always thought that sleep is like by the brain of the brain and for the brain, but it turns out that there is a the sleep set point actually lies in the skeletal muscle. And so it makes sense why there are such close parallels between how much sleep athletes need versus how much sleep the general population needs. Oh, I wish I could just hijack the screen with a blown my mind and mode to the right now. Yeah, right. Oh, no, I've never heard of such a thing. Yeah, well, it's one of those things that you know, like how we report our findings is very not I wouldn't say amenable to like the general public and that's our own disservice as scientists. It's like I don't think we do the best job but public advocacy. But I think as years go on more and more if this information will get out into the general population. But I will say this discovery took about 10 years. So it wasn't just me, it was a team and we, you know, for 10 years tried to identify this protein factor and we found it and, you know, we're still like investigating how it works and everything again from the level of cell all the way up to behavior. But, you know, it's things like that that we apply to the military because, you know, at the end of the day, we like to study sleep under conditions asleep deprivation because let's be real myself as a soldier myself. You're not going to get adequate sleep when you're deployed. I actually, I just came back from New York City so I got called out to run the COVID-19 testing lab at the Jacob Javitz Convention Center. And, you know, and it was a tough balance between working 92 hours a week but then also making sure I was getting enough sleep so that my immune system wouldn't tank and I want to get infected myself. But, you know, those are, again, those are things in the military that we have to have to further study as how well do people perform under sleep deprivation, what happens to physiology under sleep deprivation and then how can we fix it? So as you can imagine one of the things we've worked closely in in the military is with caffeine because let's be real. Nobody, you know, can pound some caffeine like a soldier. And, you know, athletes too, exactly. You know, to this day, I think caffeine is one of the best performance enhancing drugs if it's done right. So we've actually done studies in the military to show that if you consume too much caffeine, it's not a good thing. So it actually ruins any sort of sensitivity you have to caffeine and then too, it's all about when you take the caffeine as well as the source. Okay, so let's talk about what is too much because I know some people and I'm not naming names. I don't know who they are, but you might have a little too much caffeine. Where and how is that line drawn? So it's not so much your daily total intake. It's a amount, the amount you take at a particular time. So literally, we've done these studies for decades. You know, many different schedules of manipulation of caffeine dosing and we found that the body can't take in more than 200 milligrams at a time. So about 200 milligrams is less caffeine than an energy drink. So you can see where I'm going here with this. One of many reasons why energy drinks are terrible for you and they do nothing but harm your body. So I would say 200 milligrams is about two cups of strong coffee because a cup of strong coffee has about 80 milligrams of caffeine. So those, you know, athletes, personal trainers who are taking free workout, those have over 500 milligrams of caffeine. Oh, my goodness. It is doing, again, nothing but harm to your body because that extra 300 milligrams of caffeine, you're essentially just pissing out for lack of better terms. So yeah, we have found that every four hours for about as long as you need, if you're doing 200 milligrams at a time, you should be good to go. Now, for somebody who just wants to sustain throughout the day, you should stop your caffeine intake around early evening. So about five or six PM. But if you're just thinking, you know, minds at four o'clock, that's that's my cut. Beautiful. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, beautiful. But for somebody like a soldier who perhaps has to be up, you know, for 24, 40, sometimes 72 hours on end, which I've jumped myself and medical professional and firefighter is like, yeah, anyone at first responder medical, anyone at one who has this high risk, high fast-paced job where any, you know, laps in judgment is the difference between life and death. Every four hours consuming 200 milligrams will get you will help prevent sort of any decline in your physical and mental performance. So I have a, have a guy I used to know that if he slept in a few hours, he would wake up with a headache because he was just he was so, you know, I don't know. What is that? Is an addiction or withdrawal? What's going on there with that caffeine, the lack of caffeine headache there? So, yeah, we've become tolerant to caffeine and just like any other drug addiction, as soon as you don't have it, one of the first things that happens is you have this vasoconstriction, especially in your brain. And it, you know, that's like the sign of any sort of drug withdrawal because at the end of the day, caffeine is a drug. Another reason why he may be waking up with headaches is actually dehydration. So I know there's a lot of snake oil, salesmen, and charlatans out there who say you shouldn't drink water before you go to bed. That is completely false. You do secrete this hormone called anti-diorotic hormone in the middle of the night that prevents you from waking up to go pee, but you should always hydrate because think about it, you're depriving up your body of water for at least eight hours. And if you're sleeping in, so you're extending your sleep to 10 hours, you're going to be even that much more dehydrated when you wake up in the morning. And I also assume if it's a little bit warmer in your room, let's say that you just can't keep it as cool and the summer, as you do in the winter, then you probably sweat a bit more when you're sleeping. Yeah. So that's probably effective. That is sleep hygiene tip 101 is always sleeping in a cool room. And there's actually a biological reason for it. So, as we progress through the stages of sleep throughout the night, the deepest restorative stages of sleep are called deep slow wave activity sleep and then REM sleep, which is the stages sleep we dream. And in order to enter REM sleep fully, you have to have a drop in your core body temperature. So, as you can see, if you're sleeping in a hot or a less optimal room temperature wise, you're actually preventing your body from going into the deepest stages of REM because your core body temperature is not going to effectively drop. Now, I've had this conversation with several people and have been fortunate enough to work and have wonderful conversations with some sleep researchers. And they're pretty gentle about this because I can't sleep people talk about 68 degrees or something like that. Down even to 62 degrees. And my question is, if people cover up and they're sleeping in a cold room, but then they're putting the covers on, isn't it still warmer than 68 degrees? Like, what is, and then if I can't tolerate it because I do not sleep well being cold, then that seems to affect my sleep as well. Is that just something that my body should adapt to? Well, I mean, just like you have heat tolerance and cold tolerance, your body will eventually adjust to sleeping in a cool room. Regardless of the time of year, we say, between 68 and 72 degrees and then with like a thin sheet. So no comforter. But in your case, one of the things you might try, and I, you know, a friend of mine started doing this like 10 years ago and then I started doing it and then again, there's no signs to support it because it's not like anyone would ever find this study. But like sleeping naked is like something that like I've recommended to people and once they do that, like people in your situation who say they can't sleep in a cold room, try sleeping naked. It will change your life. I can't. Because I'm actually actually a journalist. I can't even speak about a shirt on. I get so cold. And here's the thing, like I'll go to bed hot and I'll take a shirt off and then I'll wake up freezing. I'll wake up freezing. So, you know, I understand my, my, my, my business partner at recover, who's also an annesium instructor, Aaron Drugsesky. He has a chili pad. So he's sweet. Yeah. That had that cool to him off all night long because I think his wife is probably more like me. And so in order for him to get the coolness, he needs. He's got the chili pad underneath him. Well, you know, everyone is different. And then just goes to show, you know, that's why our job is never like one size fits at all. And that's something we do with our military. And some of the athletes I work with too is like it's very individualized. Like even, like, you know, we talk about sleep disorders. There are different spectrums that, you know, especially with athletes. So. Well, I want to do something. Is that I got to shout out to somebody that has actually increased the awareness to the public about sleep, sleep, sleep, health, and sleep hygiene, which is Arianna Huffington. Yeah. She did such a remarkable job of taking what you're doing right now and presenting it to the public. Yeah. She researched it. She's the person of the Huffington Post, Arianna Huffington. But she really brought this out. And now we're seeing consumers consuming a lot of the information that you're talking about. And then we get people who've written books like Matthew Walker, why we sleep and some other researchers who are putting out kind of general population friendly content so that we can consume that information. Exactly. And so that's actually something I myself have personally shifted to in the last five or six years is, you know, training scientists to make their research, like their messages and minimal to the public. That's actually a skill set that we teach now at professional development workshops. And it's something that you have to work really hard at because it's really easy, just like, you know, like, physical trainers, they have their own specific way of programming for a client. But then they have to, you know, as they're doing the programming, they might know what all the jargon and acronyms and like the formulaic things for programming on their head. But that's not how they're going to communicate it to their client. And scientists need to recognize and do the same thing where, yeah, so this protein factor I discovered, it's called brain and muscle aren't like factor one. Did you name that? No, it's actually, it was, it was named and discovered. So the most recent Nobel Prize laureates who discovered the circadian clock in circadian rhythms, they're the ones who discovered it. And that's why they named it that is because it's highly expressed in the brain and the muscle. So it's expressed in most tissues of the body, but brain and muscle aren't like factor, is highly expressed in the brain and muscle. But it goes by BMO1 for short. But if I, you know, say BMO1 to the public, what the hell is that? You know, it's just, yeah. But yeah, and it's, I think it's wonderful what Ariana Huffington's doing, Matthew Walker's doing because you do have the other end of this spectrum, like, you know, one of our most like hated advocates in the field is Elon Musk. He loves to brag about how little sleep he gets. And it pains us that he's so highly accomplished. But you know what, me as a sleep geneticist recognize he probably self-selected for what he did because he has a short sleep gene. And we've identified genes and individuals who can get by with two to four hours of sleep a night and that's all they need. And it's probably no surprise that if you look at most US presidents, a majority of US presidents sleep under five hours a night. And if you look at top CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, it's same with them too. So again, it's in general, if you look at generals in the military, a lot of them sleep less than five hours too. I really think, you know, this through those high, high level positions you do. And unfortunately, your biology is sort of self-selecting you into them. Yeah, I'm one of the biggest issues that we've had at recover, which is recovery facility for athletic and cognitive stress. Our issue is that people wear their lack of sleep like a badge of honor. Yeah, as you can imagine in the military too, that's been, you know, that we're always fighting an uphill battle, especially with like combat arms units. Yeah. The medical side, we get it completely like we made sure in New York City that, you know, everyone had a great place to sleep and was getting at least seven hours a night. But then when I told my friends who were in combat arms, they were like, oh, of course our army medicine is going to know let their soldiers sleep more. Like, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, so our facility of recover is only about a quarter mile away from the jab at center where you guys did your setup and stuff. So if you're ever back that direction, I'd love to have you come over and visit us there. And we do a lot with sleep and sleep hygiene and trying to really get people involved and better understanding their sleep and supporting people with it. I do have, I do have, I guess right now at this point would be a theoretical question. And it has to do with adenosine. So from what I know, adenosine, oh, look at you, you've got the molecule tattooed on your world too. I do. Yes, I do. Oh, well, you might be the right person to ask this question too. Well, that is like in my area of specialty, that's all I focus on is adenosine. All my research over the past 15 years has been involved around adenosine. Okay. So here's what I have, my question is, I know for instance, when I am sleepy, right? Now I'm sleepy that we know that there is a buildup of adenosine that takes place and that caffeine is a blocker to those receptors or a bad. So it's blocking the adenosine. But yeah, here's the question. The question is, after I work out, I tend to not be so sleepy. Well, the adenosine is the same adenosine as adenosine triphosphate. Yep, are we somehow taking some of that adenosine that's in the brain and utilizing it for movement or exercise? So there actually is a paper that came out two years ago in a mouse model, looking exactly at that. It was published in like one of the most prestigious journals in the world. It's the proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. And that is exactly what they, you know. Exactly. Exactly. That's exactly what they found. So adenosine the brain. Yeah. Yeah, no, you are spot on. So that's exactly what it's called. Adenosine is produced in these anglia, the code Astrocytes. And then it's shuddled from the glia in order to be involved for cellular energies specifically in the brain. Well, these researchers found transporters that are able to facilitate transport from the brain into extra brain. So bodily areas that could be used as cellular energy substrate stores. And I'm actually going to take this a step further. So yes, one of the, one of the primary projects I try to get off the ground. As you know, with federal spending like what's hot and what's not changes frequently. So unfortunately, I haven't been able to do this study yet. But I have this theory about creatine, especially creatine supplementation being able to do something very similar to exercise where rapidly replenishes the ATP adenosine stores so that you require less sleep at night, but still be able to perform just as well the next day. And we've actually, there's a group in Canada who did a study relating it to cognitive performance where they found that doses of creatine supplementation. So doing a load up phase for two weeks and then doing the maintenance phase. When these individuals were sleep the price, they tended to have more stable mental performance because they had that extra adenosine and ATP to utilize from creatine stores instead of the traditional glycogen stores. Oh, this is fun. This is fun. All right. So I'm Tony, I could talk about, I can get into deep into the ways I could talk about adenosine all day. You are hitting my interest from so many levels just in regard to health science, which is what one of my degrees is in. So health science is very valuable and sleep has been not part of my formal education, but it is definitely something that I've stepped outside of my formal studies simply because in recovery and recover from injury, recover from stress, recover from athletic performance, recover from cognitive issues, sleep is highly important. So I want to talk about a few more things and then going to open it up to the people that are listening so if we have any questions. So yeah, three things kind of that I want to talk about one is light. I want to talk about light. I want to talk about red light. I want to talk about blue light, infrared light. What are some of the effects of light and what it has on sleep? So light is the primary driver in the nipulator of sleep. That's something that we have utilized in the research field and even in military science for years. And in order to keep people alert in awake at times when their body doesn't necessarily want to be. So blue light as we know is very alertness promoting. It actively causes the recruitment of alertness promoting neurochemical and even endocrine pathways at the brain and body. So you know for firefighter, for example, for those firefighters who are about to do the 24-hour shift and say they're going into work in the winter during short days, we recommend they have a blue light box as they're driving in the morning. Something to sort of coax their brain into staying alert during a time when their brain wants to be asleep. And it's the same throughout their 24-hour shift. There's been a shift in the culture in recent years where we're actually now outfitting fire stations and even locker rooms of athletes and even there's talk of maybe doing this and like the C130s on military planes where we're outfitting them with blue light technology that again is saturating the ice with this light and specifically activating alertness promoting pathways of the brain and body. Now red light is actually, we as humans are insensitive to red light. Actually, all mammals are insensitive to red light. So that's actually something when we do our sleep deprivation studies in weathers and humans are animals. Like we could be in a dark room and I could have like a small dim red light shining and your body in your brain won't actually react to it. So when it comes to red light, I think I want to say it has any benefit but like say you are somebody who for whatever reason you can't sleep at a dark in a dark room at night or say you just can't go to the bathroom in the middle of the night without flipping the switch. I would recommend like having like a red light or maybe like a red light and your bathroom. So that is your light source. So you're not again disrupting your sleep cycle by blasting your eyes with blue light. With infrared light, you know, I've gotten I've done a little bit more reading. I haven't done any research related to like IR, sonas and recovery. You know, the signs of it is very interesting because there are studies to show that it activates down to the mitochondrial and cellular substrate level. But myself personally, I haven't done enough research with that. So I think with infrared light, it probably falls into that same category as it's creatine supplementation where it's used more for replenishing cellular energy stores rather than like holistically facilitating recovery. Okay. Well, when you talked about the the blue light and the red light, one of the things that we've gotten, we had gone on vacation a few years ago to Mexico and we'd gotten this this light that we're going to use in the kids room as a nightlight. We plugged it in and light was blue and I told my wife, I'm not okay with the blue nightlight because the light is dead and it's for moving this. So can we can we shift it to something else? But what a lot of people may not know is that also blue light is a primary spectrum of light that comes from computer screens and comes from your cell phone. So for people who are trying to go to bed at night by staring into their computer screens, television screens or their phones, there may need to be a shift. Now what I have is a blue light blocking screen and it doesn't block all the blue light. But for me, that's going to be something a step, an active step that I take in order to limit the amount of blue light because I will look at my phone at night before bed. I try to keep my wife, my wife will be on the on the phone around the computer and she'll just be like, I can't fall asleep and I'm like, oh, it's a blue light. Yeah. No, it's, I mean, so there's two things. There's a blue light and then one of the worst habits you can ever get in to is watching TV from your bed. Like, nobody should have a TV in your bedroom. As we say, your bedroom, I mean, there's a psychology to sleep too. Your bedroom is for sleeping insects and that's it. Even in New York, so we were, we were staying in a hotel for two months. And I had to, I had this teeny tiny hotel room in Hell's Kitchen. We're at the Fairfield Marriott on 36th Street and it's beautiful, you know, 206 floors, but it's like such a tiny room. And I had to like treat, I was lucky at two beds. So I used to one bed as like my eating space and like working space and then I used the other bed for sleeping and then I had this little like workout corner, but I only ever was in my sleeping bed when I slept. Yeah, that sounds like my apartment and I have a family of five. So, oh, wow. So I had, so I have two more questions. One is I want to bring up my favorite word in sweet science and then I want you to talk about it. The super chiasmatic nucleus. The SCN. Yeah, so funny. It's so funny. You didn't know my research background. So that's like, you know, there's many aspects of sleep, but I pretty much did my dissertation work on looking at neurochemical actions of the SCN. No. And actually how drugs have abuse, like the reason why they're so bad for the sleep system, that's because they have active finding sites in the SCN, specifically for alcohol, cocaine, and fentanyl. So those are three classes of drugs that I looked at from my dissertation where I would directly infuse cocaine, alcohol, or fentanyl into the specifically into the SCN of rodents. I was going to say that in sound like it would pass an IRB. No, but there's a lot of, so what's beautiful about the SCN is there is, it's one of those brain areas that is conserved, highly conserved across evolution because it lies in the hypothalamus. And the hypothalamus is the endocrine controlling area of the brain that is at deep in the brain. And that's sort of how the brain was conserved across animal species is, you know, at the developed from the inside out, instead of the outside in. So, you know, regardless of, like, a mouse doesn't have a highly complex developed frontal cortex, like we do, the actions of the SCN in the hypothalamus act in a similar manner as to that in humans. And what's so cool about the SCN is its actions are independent of whether the animal is nocturnal or diurnal. That is controlled by a different brain area that has been identified over the years. But the SCN is, the reason why it's called the superchiasmatic nucleus for people who don't know is, is because it sits at the base of the optic chiasm. And so the optic chiasm is the point at which the optic nerves converge hence chiasm for Latin. And the SCN sits right above that. So, that in and of itself makes you recognize just how potent of a simulator light is for the SCN and downstream actions. Because that's really what it is, is the SCN is more or less like the motherboard. And then all the actions in terms of how it connects to the brain areas and how it signals areas outside of the brain is it's all controlled from the SCN. I love it. I love it. I love to see this is not just my favorite word, but it's some of my favorite information. Yeah, well, we know, I mean we've also known that it's super important from, again, animal studies where we've actually lesioned and it's like completely removed the SCN. And then also, a few human studies, there are people who have genetic mutations that specifically impact the, they're called voltage-gated receptors within the SCN. Basically, that means is they have to reach a certain electrochemical threshold in order to be activated. But there's some people who have a mutation of that and so their SCN does in function properly. And what is the byproduct of that? So it's usually something like along the lines of not delayed sleep face syndrome, but something like that like non-24 hour disorder. Yeah. Can you hear me? Yeah. Yeah. It is kind of the clock for that circadian rhythm, right? Like it's it's what keeps the pace. It's the pacemaker in a sense. Yeah. It is the pac, yes. It is the central pacemaker. That's exactly what we call it. Awesome. And then my last question before we open it up to other people. Sorry, other people that are listening, where I'm just, I'm rattling off questions because I love this topic so much. Can you speak to GABA? And what GABA is and it's effect on the body, the brain, and sleep? Yeah. Absolutely. So GABA is the primary neuro inhibitory chemical of the body in the brain. So it is an inhibitory signal. But it can also be an activating signal too. So if you have, if you remember from like basic physics, if you have a negative and a negative charge, those two negatives combine can create a positive reaction. So you could see from that in another self, how GABA is the most potent modulator of physiology. So GABA is released when we're transitioning from wake to sleep. So typically in the deepest restorative stages of sleep, we have really high GABA tone because again, like our, the GABA signals have to make sure that we're not active in terms of muscle tone. They also have to make sure that we're sort of somewhat removed from consciousness. We're sort of in the subconscious state, not unconscious state, but subconscious state. And as you know from the world of sleep medicine, GABA is the primary target of the most common existing hypnotics on the market. So ambient, Munesta, Senata, they all target specifically the GABA system. Alcohol is also actually a GABA agonist as well. So as you can see, it has huge effect. Oh yeah. There's also, let's go back to that about the alcohol because I think that, you know, some people will say this. Like, I'm having a hard time sleeping. I'm going to have some drinks to help me go to sleep. But one of the things that Matthew Walker talks about in his book and then Dr. Rebecca Robbins and I have had conversations about is that there's a difference between sleep and unconsciousness. And that alcohol can facilitate some unconsciousness, but you may not actually have these levels of sleep that you've talked about thus far. Exactly. So there's nothing wrong I think with having one and at most two drinks before you go to bed, because there is something about that level of GABA activation is enough to coach your brain into a state of sleep. Okay. Quick more quickly. But past two drinks, it's too much GABA. And it goes back to my point before about when you have GABA mixed with GABA, it's called disinhibition. So when you have an inhibitor that inhibits an inhibitor, it causes a positive reaction. And so that's essentially what happens with alcohol is you have too much inhibition which tips the scale into the positive direction. And so you're left with insomnia and set of being facilitated into sleep. Okay. And then final question I know I said the last one was the final question, but you had mentioned it earlier, not in our conversation, but via email you talked about sleep banking. Can you speak the sleep banking for a moment? Yeah sure. So this is a phenomenon that we sort of coined within the military about 10 years ago. So we have found that if you load people up on sleep, so you extend their sleep, in preparation for sleep deprivation, they are more likely to have a stable and okay performance across, I'm talking severe sleep deprivation. So you know where you're awake 40 to 60 hours. Just extending your sleep by an hour to an hour and a half for a week, can help somebody get through 40 hours of full on sleep deprivation more easily. And then it's actually a brief found healthy for your immune system too. So you know that was one of the things in New York City, I really emphasized through the soldiers. Under me is like hey like sleep with every opportunity you need. You know when we were working this 92 hour work weeks, like I let my soldiers nap inside, you know take turns to nap because I didn't want any of them getting sick. And you know fortunately we didn't have anyone get sick. So so does that, does that speak to the common phrase of sleep debt that you can overcome a sleep debt by sleeping more? Yes. So as we like to say, sleep is like a bank account, the more you put in, the more you can take out. But then also the more you take out, the more you have to put back in. So it's yeah it's the same concept. Gotcha. All right cool. I'm loving it. Let's let's shift it over to Greg. I know you don't have much time. So I'm going to try it or be really really really nice. Oh no worries. And I'm so sorry that everybody lists thing. That's asking questions. If you've asked questions because I have really bow guarded this entire conversation. But Greg, do we have any questions about sleep in the and the queue here? Yeah. John wants to know my wife's body heats up when she sleeps to the point that you can't even touch her. What would you say about that in terms of what's going on? So co-sleeping is one of the, I think a lot of it has to come, it goes back to co-sleeping. That's one of the things that we're sort of getting away from in society and going back to like the 1950s or people who's asleep separately. And it goes back to Rich's point, you know, his core body temperature responds very differently at night compared to my core body temperature. So the best piece of advice, I unfortunately have, it's not like the preferred solution, but to have her sleep in a separate room where she is the ability to adjust the ambient temperature more. So she can, you know, drop the temperature to 65 to probably 62 degrees. Perhaps invest in one of those chili pads. That's where I would start. And then Pamela wants to know, you know, what, all of the review. This is long, but what did your view on proper nutrition eating? And it's impact on getting the proper amount of sleep? That's an excellent question. So one of the things you want to avoid that we as humans are very guilty of is having sweets before you go to bed. I think that is the most disruptive to sleep more so than even alcohol. In the recent it's because it spikes our blood glucose levels. And when we're sleeping, we're going to sleep and transitioning into sleep at night. We actually want to see a decrease in our blood glucose levels on an increase. And then in general, you know, you want to avoid like spikes in your blood glucose levels throughout today anyway. So, you know, staying away from those simple carbohydrates, etc. If can we piggyback on that and then talk about just eating for sleep is there a kind of a best practice when it comes to eating. Regardless of the sweet sort of. So it's different for, as you know, athletes versus the general population. Intermittent and fasting, there's a lot of evidence to support it in terms of promoting lean muscle mass. And I think that is a good approach for the general population. Now, when it comes to elite athletes and people who are training for a competition, you actually do want to have carbs, you know, complex carbohydrates. Again, nothing with a high glycemic index that's going to spike your blood glucose. You want to have that before bed because, you know, and I certainly know is like that insomnia, you get in the middle of the night because your body's starving because it's just been your basal metabolic rate has just been so high from training. So with athletes, I think it's good to have something low on the glycemic index before you go to sleep. Now, I do a lot of people, especially high-perchiffy-based athletes that would crush protein prior to sleep. Does that make sense? Is that something that's a good practice? Yes, so actually protein is a good practice. Especially our keysen protein because it does have this low release, again, and it's not going to spike your blood glucose. And a lot of that actually is enriched with triptophan as well. And triptophan is one of the pre-cursors that can help facilitate sleep as well. A lot of over-the-counter herbal sleep supplements are actually saturated with triptophan. Okay. All right. And I know the people have heard triptophan because of Thanksgiving and things like that. The triptophan is actually in a lot of food, yeah. It is in a lot of meat. I can't remember which ones, but yes, you're absolutely right. It's just not limited to your Thanksgiving meal. Yeah, creatine is in a lot of meat, too, but the problem is the bioactive properties of creatine in terms of the volume you need. You're not going to get enough from it from red meat. You actually need to supplement. Because I think red meat, a pound of red meat, has like three milligrams of creatine, where three grams of creatine, whereas a supplement in order to have like a biologically advantageous effect, it has to be anywhere from five to ten grams. Excellent. Greg, do we have any other questions out there? Yeah, Melissa wants to know. She says, I find I sleep so much better when I wake up naturally rather than with an alarm. Is that a common thing? Absolutely. And usually that is because you're transitioning out of REM sleep. So when it comes to sleep, there's, you know, the 90-minute sleep cycle, where you go from a state of wake to non- REM sleep to REM sleep. And we know from years of research that it's much easier to stay alert when you're coming out of REM sleep and then transition back to a state of wakefulness than to be woken up out of the stage of non- REM sleep. It has to do with, without getting deep into the weeds, the turning on and off of different neurochemical pathways. All right. What else you guys are? And the final one we have here in the chat is Scott says, I find that I have more sleep disturbances or lower sleep efficiency overall in the spring. Is that potentially due to energy season or other considerations? It could be due to allergies. Yeah, so the histamine system is a alertness promoting system. And so allergies activate the histamine system. It actually could also be due to the light. So that's one of the things I tend to have a longer sleep and better sleep in the winter when there's, there's shorter days. And in the summer when there's longer days, one of the things I have to be very disciplined about in the summer, especially now, as we're approaching the longest day of the year, is to go bed, go to bed at a reasonable time, because I know that light is just going to hit me at 630 and I'm going to be awake. So, and you can invest in blackout curtains. Personally, I'm not a fan of them unless you are a shift worker or a first responder. You know, in that case, you want blackout curtains because they're most likely be sleeping during the day. But for the rest of us, it is extremely healthy for our sleep cycle and our circadian rhythm to go to bed after sunrise and wake up, you know, around sunset, to get that natural light source. Yeah. Well, that must be why it is so difficult for me to wake up in the winter because- Oh, everyone. Yeah. It is. This, simple. I just want to sleep longer and longer and longer. And with that being said, there are night owls and there are early birds. And I've transitioned. I used to be such a night owl and I don't know if this is something that happens with age or what, but I've served this transition. Okay. All right. Talk me through this. Yeah. It actually so the woman I worked for at Brown University, that's more or less her claim to fame. And she's the reason why school cert times are delayed for high schoolers than middle schoolers because as we go through puberty and into young adulthood, so we're talking like throughout your 20s, you're circadian rhythm, we wires itself to be a night owl. So you'll actually see a huge shift in the night time release of melatonin to favor more nighttime hours. But then as we reach our 30s and beyond, we have this complete shift and then we want to become early people. So it's no, it's no surprise that like, you know, when you're 60, 70, 80, you're waking up extremely early. That is just a biological consequence of theme human for whatever reason. That's how we as humans have evolved. I got it because I remember I worked at a gym and they opened at six o'clock. And then I remember the general manager goes, look, we're going to need some people to cover an earlier shift. All the old people want us to open at five. So that was something that I see now because I would sleep so late, but now it's a steady get up at six o'clock whether or not I have clients or anything like that. And I used to say, I don't only get up early in the morning if somebody paid me to do so and I would get up early to go rain, but now it's just that's where I perk right up. So here's my last thing that I want to ask you and it really has to do with kind of actionable steps and best practices. And I know Matthew Walker says if he could, if you get anything out of his book, it's a sleep schedule. Now with all the information that he's put out, he says if you don't take anything out to away from this book, go to sleep at the same time and wake up around the same time. Like try to get a sleep schedule. Now with that being said, can you speak to that and then any other top practices that you think you should adhere? Yeah. So that is the he is absolutely right. I mean it makes sense. You know, he is a leading expert in the field. His sleep schedule is number one priority because you are keeping two of your circadian rhythm of when to be awake, when to be asleep. Honestly, you should start your sleep routine about 90 minutes before bed. So 90 to 60 minutes before bed, that's when you power down all the technology. So no more smartphones, no more TV. Do people invest in like yoga sort of like that's when I do as an athlete, my deep tissue, like myelfascial release work, things like that. You actually want to keep the light in your home, your home low. So either it's investing in a dim light system or candles, just something to just low-level light. A lot of people will have tea or take a hot shower and that's true even in the winter too because that vasodilation does really promote sleep. And then again, just keep the temperature low in your room, go to sleep in a dark room. Sound machines are actually great too. Even if you have like meditative, classical music, stuff like that too. But yeah, it's one of those things is the more you age, the more difficult sleep becomes one because of family life. And to just it's just a product of aging. You know, like everything breaks down, the older we get. So you really have to start taking your sleep seriously. Oh, Dr. Allison Brager, I want you back on this show. I can do it. We can do it live from New York. How about that? Oh, wait, that's just hopefully you're not coming back to help with COVID-19. They're COVID. Oh my gosh, from your home to God's ears. I hope that's not the case. This has been amazing. You are an absolute wealth of knowledge. You're fun to talk to. I love that you have so much experience and so much background from from a clinical perspective, from a research perspective, from an athletes perspective. I love that and I'm going to shout you out for wearing an NASM shirt, which I've never done on on these calls. You are far more on brand than me. So shout out to that. Thank you for being on this and I cannot wait to get you back on the show and will discuss what it looks like and what we'll talk about, but we're going to we're going to get you back in. All right, now sounds great. Thank you guys. I'm sorry. I have to get that so quickly. But I understand thank you so much and for everybody out there. Thank you so much for being a part of it listening and for your questions. Thanks. My name is Rick Richie and this is the NASM CPT podcast.

=== FILE: The Business Case for Online Training [mQEbuE3fm0Y].txt ===

I welcome everybody super excited to have have you all with us today another big group within our monthly webinars. And this is going to be another, I think really pertinent ones for everybody here. I know Sean had a lot of people reach out to him. We've had a lot of folks over in Annsoom reach out to us. We've got content on both sides going out. In regards to this, it's really important topic for everybody giving these uncertain times. So with that said, I'm going to hand it over to Sean to thank you through the business case for online training. And we'll be dropping some knowledge for you today to help you get started and take your business from the next level in this new and interesting space. Yeah, awesome. Thank you so much, Ian. And so we're excited to get into this topic. This is something that was really on the kind of a small part of the citizenship for the last over years, but growing certainly. And now it's exploded because of two things. Jim's are closed number one. And really, people are stuck at home. And this is only where they can gauge a coach. Number two, so we're going to talk about the business case for online training, really go step by step. So what it is, how to side if it's right for you. It's a brand new paradigm for a lot of coaches and a lot of new trainers to think about. Oh, I understand what it is to work with someone face to face in program and teach the movement. But what does this mean in this camera thing go after be a social media superstar? I don't know. I don't want to do that. And we'll kind of unpack all those things, how to decide if it's right for you, how to do it. And really how to get started, because I believe there's tremendous opportunity right now for every to get started. And we're going to talk about what that means. And there will be for months to come, given the climate. So let's unpack that and get right into it. By the way, I want to also invite you to check out the NP community on Facebook. If you're not a member already, you just go to Facebook, search NP community. You'll see picture of me. It went on events right there. We've just updated some of the stuff recently. We're going to be answering a lot of questions in there. There's a lot of things we don't get to in the webinar. And we're starting to share some weekly content in there as well. A little bite size jumps to some things that can really help for you and dance to your career. So check us out. NP community just when you click join, ask a couple questions, say you're on the webinar with me today. And our team will get you accepted into the group. OK. So here's why we're here today. So there's a really a big problem in the fitness industry and a reason why a lot of fitness or professional struggle. And in NP, we know that you want to be a successful fitness professional with a career that ultimately just gives you great income, allows you to help more people transform their lives. That's why we all started in the fitness industry. But in order to do that, you need paying clients. And the problem is that gyms are close right now. And a lot of them will be close for the weeks and months ahead. And you don't know what to do to find inside of new clients. And this, if you're looking to start a career in the industry, this makes you feel unfraid and really uncertain about your ability to have a sustainable career because without paying clients, we don't have a career as a fitness professional. We need clients to make this thing work. And we believe in NP that business education is the key to your success. If you want our professional income to fitness industry, then business education is just as important as fitness education. And this is something that both NSM and NPR are very dedicated to. We spent a lot of time working on this. And we've got a lot of work going on behind the scenes to have really even more resources to support you, coming out in the weeks and months ahead. And we understand that maybe when you first started out in the career path in the fitness industry, those weren't your expectations. But that's the reality of the situation. If you really want to ensure your success, you've got to take learning business seriously, just like you take learning fitness seriously. Now, NP, we have a long track record of success. Since 2006, we've helped over 45,000 fitness professionals in the studio owners. In 96 countries, grow their business, take home more money and live their dream lifestyle. We've been listed eight times on the 8,500, 5000 so fast-scoring companies. And we're a global team with offices in Los Angeles, London, Sydney. I'm actually down in Australia here for a few months and working with our team down here and working remotely because I can't. And the last thing to flex with is do that. Thanks to the internet today. And here's how we do it. We do with business education, really helping fitness professionals and studio owners grow. We believe there are four keys to your success. And the number one, you've got to learn proven systems and tools. You don't have to reinvent the wheel. You don't have to fear this out from scratch. There are proven examples of how you need to learn and apply business information to advance your career to find inside of clients. That's number one. Number two, we believe metrics are important. Just like in fitness, you've got to track your weights, your sets, your reps, your program. You've got to weigh in. You've got to do measurement of the things you want to prove. In business, it's the same thing. You've got to track and measure metrics. So you've got to be called yourself accountable to the numbers of your business, just like you would in a fitness program. And the number three, you need coaching. Just like in fitness to succeed, it's difficult, it's overwhelming, it's confusing. And every does better with a coach. The same thing applies in business. Haven't someone helped guide you through this process, explain what to do, how to do it, helping you get it done, answer questions, critical to accelerating your success. And lastly, winning community. I encourage you to surround yourself with others that are already ahead of where you are right now. And we'll support you on this journey. This is a really hard thing when you're trying to do something all alone. Just like your fitness clients, trying to begin a fitness program and every around them is not working out and ordering pizza and eating tunnels every day and watching Netflix, they've got to surround themselves with some people on a different journey. And they're going to help lift them up. And the same thing comes when it comes to your career when it comes to your business. You want to surround yourself, people are going to help you on your journey. So absolutely encourage you to learn more about NP. Learn more about what we do, we're offering a complimentary, get-clear, a strategy session right now, which is really a 60-minute call to get your individual questions answered. We won't have time to get to everything on this call today, but you can register to learn more about what we do, get your questions answered on your career at NPCoachescoller.com. So check that NPCoachescoller.com. Okay, so that being said, we're going to jump right into really the nuts and bolts of what we're here to talk about, say with online training. And first and foremost, we're going to explain, really what is the online business, online training business opportunities, so what does it really look like to work on online training and what's the money you can make and how it's function, why does it function? How's it different from in person? We're going to pack that first and foremost. Second, we're going to talk about who on training is for and how it works. And there are some different models and kind of client journeys based on the type of clients you want to work with. It looks like that in a little more detail. And number three, we're going to break down really how you can make money signing, finding and signing of clients with online training and really how much you can make. And we'll go from there. So first and foremost, the online training business opportunity. Again, this is a brand new category that a lot of people are struggling to get their heads around. People that have spent years in the traditional fitness business model of, I get a client face to face. I assess them, I read a program, my holder hands through doing the movement, and teaching movements in the gym. And that's it. And now without being face to face in the gym, they're like, lost. They don't know whether this is still like how does this work. And to be fair, the public is a little unsure of this as well. They don't know as this, the same thing is like watching videos on YouTube, is this like the free workouts I see on Instagram. What is online training? So it's a brand new emerging category. And there's a lot of unknowns, and we're going to help break that down for you right now. So let's talk about first why this opportunity is here. And this is something that has been around for a while. It's been a growing segment of industry for the last few years, certainly, with the growth of technology and software companies and others, multiple software companies out there that actually provide tools for online training. So you to program for clients, you can have chat back and forth. You can record little videos of their movements and workouts and upload them and send them to you over a direct messenger function. So there's lots of specific companies and software programs just to support this industry now. Let alone from email, a messenger, and all kinds of stuff we've packed it together for years. There's software companies solve that issue. Number two, we've had this big shift where gyms are shut down and never in the history of the world and really our industry, which in many cases, personal training began in really the 1980s. And so that's about 40 years into personal training industry now. And there's never been a time four years where every gym in studio has been 100% shut down across the entire world. So this is a really a landmark time now for industry, which has created a lot of challenges and problems. But inside every challenge is a massive opportunity. But it's really a question of those. How quickly do you see it and how quickly can you get on board that determines if we're able to make this a success? Or you just fall by the wayside. So that's the business side. And on the consumer side, this is also a massive change because previously, consumerists, if you say, well, do you want to work with Coach Online or go to gym? Every just say, I've just got to the gym. What do you know, someone's right there. It's easier I can connect. And I don't really understand how the technology video would set to do. But now, everybody is stuck inside their home. And the only way they can engage, working with a coach, getting support with the health of fitness, is through some type of online relationship. It's the only way they can connect. And now that people are connecting engaging, they're finding tremendous success from that engagement. And they're seeing actually how it can work. And now we have internet, we have video phones and tablets and cameras and Zoom platforms like this to where it's pretty amazing how you can connect and engage with people. That's not exactly like being face to face. It's slightly different platform. But what you can do is incredible to engage the relationship and to actually get support to get the work done. So these big shifts have created the opportunity in business and in the market to save the consumers that we all serve. And that's where success comes from. There's really where is the market at? Not where we're at. Because we're there to serve the market, the market's not there to serve us. So those shifts have created a big opportunity. And this is a big wake-up call for personal trainers. Previously, your business model relied at 100% on seeing clients face to face. Well, you're at tremendous risk when that can't happen. The gym closes, if clients move out of town, if you move out of town or when do we move out of town, anytime you can't physically be present with a client, you lose 100% of rent count. That's a very risky business model in the day. And we just didn't think about both proving your models for a time like this. It just wasn't a paradigm that most considered. However, if you're willing to embrace the opportunity, challenges, breed, innovation. And this is where the best companies, the best entrepreneurs, the most successful people in every industry, come out of hard times. It's hard times that make you stronger, light a group, just like strength training. The more weight you put on the bar, the more you break down tissue, the more it can grow back stronger. And better and bigger than before, the same thing when it comes to businesses. The more businesses are challenging, have to grow through challenges. The stronger they become to really do anything and they become the leaders of tomorrow. And by offering really remote coaching services, you get to remove tremendous barriers and limitations on the traditional fitness business and personal training business model forever. This is just incredible what is possible. And the reality is that it opens up so much opportunity because remote coaching can be done anywhere. So if you want to move out of state, if you want to move out of country, if you want to live by the beach, or wherever you want to be, you can't. If previously, if clients moved out of town or got transferred for work and they weren't close by, you had to say, thanks for working me, but wish you all the best. Now, so it moves you can retain that client. You can continue to service that client in a online coaching relationship, which is tremendous. I mean, half the battle is just replacing lost clients that move out of town or move far away or whatever the case may be in fitness. And now, if you think about, you don't lose those clients anymore. Well, that's a huge art of business that just kind of chugs along. Also referrals. Sometimes you get people want to, we get clients who want to fur people to us that they think will be a great fit. They know someone who could use our health, but they just don't live close by or on the other side of town. Their schedule doesn't line up with work. If you don't have a slot open in the times that you have available because you're maxed out during specific times of the day, working with clients. And now you can still sign people up. They don't have to be in your gym at this time and commute through traffic and such to get there. It's a much more efficient way for the client to engage you in a relationship and to get support and working with you. And it's better for you because you don't have to just max out your prime times and then be empty. So also, keeping people on track if clients are traveling for work or on a family holiday, previously used to say, up, here's a little bodyweight workout, do this and see when you get back and kind of just hope you kind of maintain things along. Now you don't have to coach a client though. You can actually still work with them just like you know, you are in a regular session wherever they are through an online relationship and structure that's created. You can keep them on track with their goals and keep them healthy. They don't just go off the rails for two weeks because of traveling for work. You can actually schedule their sessions around their work schedule, a travel, their time zone, and you can keep things moving. Again, popular session times are full, no more. Now you increase capacity and you meant easier to fit more people in, depending on the client journey that you offer, which I'll explain a little more about here in a second. And this works because ultimately, clients don't really care about sessions. They don't really care about being face-to-face with you as you know, entertaining and charismatic as you may be which is awesome and we may like working with our clients that's awesome. But in the day, what people want is to solve a problem or achieve a goal. That's why they're there. That's why our industry exists. It's not just to be friends and hang out. It's actually lead people to a fitness outcome. And the tools and methods that you used to get them there are almost irrelevant. So I encourage you to kind of give up this paradigm of, I have to be with a person face-to-face to actually lead them to an outcome but because the reality is you don't. And I recognize that's a big shift for a lot of people. And I share that concept. I share that idea and people like, yeah, but I just don't get it. Well, let's explore that with further. And I want you to understand the components of really what you do and how you serve a client. There are several components that you offer as a coach to lead clients to success, right? We assess someone. So what's their baseline and different assessments, maybe if it's one of these body, they want to lose weight and fat. We're assessing their weight on the scale. We're doing some measurements. We're doing a body-cop situation assessment. And we're used to doing that in person. Well, now there are tools to actually do that remotely. Technology, obviously, do that very remotely, even with simple app that can do these things. It's amazing what technology is available just even on your phone. Program design. We're actually writing a program for client based on where the starting point is with any health issues or concerns they have based on their goals. And this can vary, right? We have more advanced clients who are running more comprehensive program. If we have beginner clients who are keeping the program really simple and really basic, making sure it's safe. It's effective and I'm going to get hurt. And that's really important, especially because people that are off doing workouts that have no direction aren't really following a program that's tailored for them. It's a cookie cut of program. It doesn't take their needs to know account. Teaching technique, teaching movement, normally when it's face to face, when we're watching movement, we're cueing movement. Well, actually with a good camera on a little stand or tablet on a stand, we can angle this. And we can still do the same thing. We can watch with our eyes, and we can cue with our mouth, which is we can't touch someone, but we can watch and we can cue. And those are the main things that we used to actually teach technique. Also, even having people record short videos, playing that back, watch, and showing them exactly some things on the movement, or even showing them a demo video, and pointing things out in a demo video which you can play from your screen, just like this. All those are elements we can use to teach technique. The catabillion support, important now more than ever. It's, I don't care who you are when you're stuck in isolation at home. It's easy to just eat more food and increase your calorie intake. Maybe you've felt a little bit like that, and a lot of people have shared that in the past several weeks. It's easier to order take out and just be off the rails with our typical, that habits. We're not moving as much, because we're not outside. We're not kind of in our typical daily patterns of movement and exercise. And it's easy to just get kind of distracted. Watch a show on TV. Do something else other than actually manage our environment for health, for fitness, for work, so on and so forth. So, countermeas support is really important. It's important for beginners in having the confidence to get a session done and get their work done. It's also important for athletes and for advanced exercises. You know, athletes, people think athletes, oh, they work out a lot of time. It's easy for them. Athletes, if you're in your athlete, you know, sometimes just as hard for you to get motivated, if not more, you know, challenging to get motivated, because you've been doing fitness for so long, that's why you need a team. That's why you need a coach who's gonna challenge you to become the best you can be and actually get the work done. An attrition recovery, again, critical right now, because people are slipping with an attrition habits. And community, we all benefit from being part of something and I try a team, a group that helps us give a sense of purpose, identity, connection, especially related to our health and fitness values and our patterns and behaviors of come to this area. So this is how we leave clients to success. And these components don't change whether they're in person face to face, for their delivered remotely or online. They're the same components, the same value proposition points of how we serve a client. And so this is why it works. And this is why it's incredibly powerful. And frankly, even more powerful now and more needed than ever, people need your help, because they're getting stuck in all these areas, because they don't have you. They don't have a coach who can support them and growing through these areas. It's not a case of a question of like watching YouTube video or Googling a workout on squats. If that's all people need it, they'd be, every would be fit, right? That's not the case. That's why personal trainers exist in the first place. People need coaches. And they need coaches now more than ever for all these reasons. So I encourage you to check your mindset around this new paradigm. I recognize it's a new paradigm. It's taking time for a really wrapped their head around it. But stop thinking that if you can't see client space to face, you can't help them be successful. Because that's not the case. You absolutely can. And frankly, they need you to be successful now more than ever. They're not going to be successful on their own. There's more things standing in their way of progressing with what they need to do. And don't think that you can't charge for coaching someone online because there's free workouts on YouTube Instagram. There's been free workouts and magazines and muscle and fitness and women's health. And the internet forever, yet people have still been hiring and continue to hire and there's been this boom in personal training since 1980 for 40 years, right? People need a coach. People want a coach and they will pay for a coach because this stuff is hard to figure out all by yourself. When you've got a lot of busy other things you do in your life and your clients do in their life, kids would work with all those factors. So I would cartoon and brace and grow with mindset. People need a coach to lead them to achieve their health and fitness goals. That's you and that's the uptrend for you to step up and serve the market. And that's where all lies is in the uptrend to serve the market. And coaching works because you provide everything needed for clients to succeed. If just Googling how to do a workout in a magazine or in a YouTube video, got people results, there would be no personal trainer's period. But there's this massive global industry of personal training because people need everything that you help them with. They need you to challenge, they need to support them with getting the work done required to succeed. And that's where you provide the biggest benefit to your clients. And that has not changed. And frankly, the need for that is greater now than ever has been. So in brace that, and these are just a few examples. There's some of our clients that have moved from offline training to online training the last several weeks. This is one of our clients from Ottawa who transitioned her whole gym from offline to online. She's now actually had her best month ever in March. And she's on track with her next best month ever. Revenue is actually a 31% in this month of her previous month. So 45, me members, she signed up. And she works with probably women and moms who are busy at home with kids, especially now kids home from school. Again, a lot of challenges with getting fitness done. They need more support now than ever working with a coach and work with a community. This is not about the client's wayndone. He's in West Hollywood, California. Has a private, semi-private personal training facility. Has been filling up remote sessions ever since. They've now got back to 90% capacity from free COVID in serving clients in a remote online training relationship. And they've added some new value components for people with remote yoga class, group class on Saturdays. They've actually done something really cool. They've done during the week for the community. They've done a 80s dance night dance party. They come in. They have one of their coaches is also a professional dancer. And has been doing themed 80s dance party. They've been doing like just for some fun cardio. It's kind of connected everybody. A huge value. People are loving it. And they're just telling all their friends about it and getting her girls like crazy. This number of clients in DC. We actually, I did know how to launch online was doing all just up in person training in a studio. Then, terminated all her billing. We had a conversation she realized, well, no, actually, people really need me. And this is important to keep going. So relaunched, raise her race. And she's been incredible signing up clients. She's now back up to about 88% of free COVID business in on a steady rise of her week with signing clients up. So the opportunity is here. And encourage you just to think about some growth questions. And number one, what is your current mindset around how you deliver value to clients? Thinking about that. Think about how you can increase the value to people, how you can still serve them online with some of the components that we talked about. And really just consider how taking your business online supports protecting and growing your career, your business for what you want to do in the future. Again, this is a brand new paradigm. This is the really early days of the market adopting this. And people are right now having a conversation of, you know, what's going to happen when Jim's reopen, might get to keep going online or keep not going online. And for some people, they're just going to go right back to brick and mortar to face the face. But there's a huge part of the market, the clients are serving that aren't comfortable in Jim and the big and Jim environment. They don't want to be in a big box Jim, they actually prefer the comfort of doing this from their home. It's more efficient for them with a busy schedule. And they value having that relationship and accountability to keep them on track. And it also feels like even a little more intimate relationships for the support you offer because Jenny's speaking online, you're having more check-ins with a client during their week. And it's different from someone just coming in for a workout. So all these things really provide tremendous value to the market and have a tremendous opportunity for you with your business. Okay, next up, let's talk about who all entering is for and how it works. So again, too many coaches think they can't go their value online to training clients. And that's just not the case. As I've shared a lot of examples of the things that you do to provide value, there's tremendous value to offer to people. And frankly, they need those components now more than ever because of where they're at because of the challenges they're facing. Again, I mean, you think about people at home, I mean, look at the ends at home with kids. His internet's so working, right? He's trying to work from home. There's a lot of challenges we all have through getting through the day right now and getting through, you know, getting to where we want to be with our goals. And that's where having support is helpful to all of us. So if you have had trash around, I can't compete with free on Instagram or YouTube. Let that go. That's just not even relevant to the conversation here. That is not coaching. Watching videos online, Googling workout, template, cooking, kind of workout. That's for someone else, not personalized for you and your goals is not coaching. Coaching is all that you do to assess someone, to program for them, to teach technique, to hold my countable, to get it done, to teach nutrition, and so on. So the value is there. And the way we deliver value, the way we deliver more value, and how some clients are actually growing. Some businesses are growing their business with more clients through this time, is because they're really getting connected to what the needs are of their client. They're spending time calling their clients, connecting with them. What are the challenges with their fitness? What are the challenges in their life? What are challenges in the obstacles to them moving forward with their goals? And they're tuning into those needs in the coming up with innovative and creative solutions. So for example, I share with you that some of the personal training gym must Hollywood, how they're now adding a yoga class on Saturdays, writing cardio class and a fun way with 80s dance night during the week. Just some different ways that are out of the box ideas, and you might think, gosh, why would I ever do this? And that feels weird. But people are stuck at home. They're looking for something fun to engage. They're looking for new ways to keep moving. When you're just stuck in your box at home, it's like jail. You need to move your body. And we can't just go outside and go for a run. So we need to be innovative in how we keep people moving, how we keep people engaged, and how we keep people having fun with the things they need to do to be successful. So what is the version of that for the types of clients that you want to work with? How can you focus on better serving them and coming with innovative ways to keep them on the right track? And then think about moving barriers. No one of our clients they work with seniors and they help really seniors with fitness. And when a lot of this occurred and everyone locked down, all my training distancing possible for that group because Grandma has a iPhone 2 or a flip phone, you know, a no camera, and doesn't really understand technology and how we get to do possibly online training. And so what they did was actually went on Amazon ordered $39 prime tablets, fire tablets, sent tablets to all their clients along with little stands. So for less than the price of one personal training session, they set their clients a remote training kit that's really a tablet and a stand. And now they're able to stay connected to the client, actually help them install Zoom on the tablet. Tea taught them how to click and join a link. And now they're able to join their sessions and are raving about it. But they just like, you know, got free tech support in the Genius Bar to now get online. And now Grandma's able to call the grandkids, they have a call family. And really, you know, we just improved her whole quality life because we took the time to care and meet a critical needed help remove a barrier to her engaging the world and engaging her fitness program and trainer. So very, very helpful to do that and encourage you to think about what are the ways that you can be innovative in helping remove a barrier like technology for your clients or to add value in new creative solutions like 80s dance night or online yoga class, things that help people just keep moving and having fun during this time. So here's a couple examples and there are a couple different types of online customer journeys and ways we serve clients. Example and one is a beginning personal training client. So someone who is not very confident and exercise, dumb has a lot of, doesn't have a experience in weight training and wouldn't just walk into gym and sign up and start doing a prayer. They wouldn't know what to do and they wouldn't have the confidence to go do it on their own. So what is online training look like for this client, it looks, you know, not too dissimilar from in person training. We're doing a virtual assessment. There's really simple as a great app you can get called from a company called Poster Cobe, which actually have the founder going live in our, we have interviewed him in our Facebook group next week. And really what it is is the client can download it at on their phone. They can have their spouse or partner take a couple pictures of them and a video of them moving. And then they hit a button and up close it to the cloud. And then you get to download it on your side of the app and actually does a scan for a reasonable body cop pre-hension assessment. It does a squat assessment and you can actually draw lines with their posture and the mobility. And it does a movement scan which dynamically like puts points on their body. It's like a looks like a video game puts points on their body and tracks their movement. And it gives a full report of all these things to assess movement, posture, body composition and things that are critical to. To you is a finished professional in assessing your client. So we can actually do this technology is incredible. And these are like cheap apps to do incredible assessment of your clients. Then we design a program. So we take stock. What is the equipment they have available in their home? What's the space they have available in their home? What does that look like? And check it out. And from there we're going to design what is the right program. And you can, the rally is you can design a program with very little equipment. This reason why guys get jacked and prison with like a towel for pulling movements and doing push ups off the side of the bed. You don't need a lot of equipment. Certainly if you have more equipment there's more we can design an program. But keeping it simple, keeping it safe is really what's most important for the client. It doesn't need to be very comprehensive. And then this is the type of client that actually needs and wants that in-person support to do a session. So you actually get on a zoom link like this with your client. They'd be on their computer, phone or tablet. You can see them, they can see you. They can position this to where you can see their movement. And you're actually showing the North out today. You're taking them through the workout. You're watching their movement. You're cueing their movement verbally through the workout. And just like you very similar to like how you do an in-person session. You're holding them accountable. You're having some fun. You're having some banter to actually help them get a session done. Just like you do in-person. It's almost the same thing to actually execute and get it done. So why does this work? Why does this work in this environment? Because people lack confidence in what to do. And they're not sure what to do. And that hasn't changed just because we're all stuck at home. It's the same problem. We just now need to gauge them differently to help them through the challenge. So they feel comfortable in the big box gym. And they don't want to just go where they feel like they're being looked at and feeling insecure about their body and their lack of experience. Nobody wants to be the guy that goes over the bench and has the five pound weights on. That feels like brings the guy back to high school when he's the weakest guy. He's still the weakest guy. That's not comfortable. And for women, they don't want to go in and feel like they're being looked at. And they're insecure about maybe they've gained a little weight. And they're on this cardio equipment with people that are just shredded. And here they are just trying to walk on the treadmill on a breath. All those things make the online experience very attractive for beginners because they can get support. They can feel on the safe environment. And they can actually make progress to where then they might have more confidence to go training a gym someday. So very, very helpful journey for this type of client. Another example for a client journey. This is more advanced clients who have a history of exercise, maybe a history of sports or athletics. They actually have some experience with movement and good technique. And what does the journey look like for them? Well, similar. We do assessments for them. We do programs on a generally important design. It's going to be a little more comprehensive for this type of client because they want a more involved program. They can handle more involved program. Technique coach is going to be critical. Generally speaking, they don't need your hand to hold their hand to do every workout. But they would record a few minutes on their phone of the last set of every exercise. And you can watch a video and review it and you can coach technique. I'll pay on this, like think about on the deathlet. If I want you to pull a bar and post your legs and I want you to lift your chest up a little bit further next time. And feel your hips coming back. Or just whatever, King movements, you can give them. But it doesn't have to be done real time. It can be done via feedback and then through a chat function. And really just provided counter-gulli support. So even people think, oh, athletes got it all figured out. athletes need to be challenged and how the counter will as much if not more so. Then beginners. So to why athletes have coaches, it's why athletes are on teams because no one does their best on their own. So being there to check in on them throughout the week, have a weekly review, send them the program for the next week. Usually program is done a week at a time and kind of adjust it as needed throughout the week. If there's an issue or something comes up, then that's really what that journey looks like. And this works because advanced clients want comprehensive and individualized programming. They want some of the challenge them and support them becoming the best person themselves that can be. And they know what a coach they're going to do that. There's a lot of towns and people that don't go anywhere in life because they never had a coach who challenged them and helped them become the best they can be. You hear this with great coaches all the time. So I'm great athletes talk about great coaches in every sport, really. Basketball, field jacks and you know and you know football with, I don't know, Bellachack and others you know, think about great dynasties, what's the coach that really helped get the athletes to perform with their best and work together and same thing that you do as a coach with your clients, whether the beginners, whether they're advanced as well. So based on the type of clients you want to work with and there's a tremendous market for other clients in between those two extremes, you're going to find the type of client you want to start to document the journey and the operational plan of how to deliver sessions. By the way, I will give some direction on the apps here in a second. I see people ask a question. So just hang tight. I will give you a direction on that as well. Hang tight and we'll come back to that minute. So again, based on type of journey, you can deliver different experiences for the client. And as far as demonstration goes, this isn't like exercise like, you know, Jane Fonda, you got to get up and do it with them and be chance to dance around while you're talking to clients. That's kind of not appropriate for personal training. If we need to do demos, a lot of people do is their focus just like this. They're either standing or sitting in front of microphones so they can talk and client can hear them, they can see clearly and they can give verbal cues. And then they want to do a demo. They just share a screen, play like a one minute video clip that demonstrates a movement. Either one you grab online or one your cord your own demos if you want to feature yourself as a as a demonstrator. And you show demonstrate the movement. You can point out the specific things that you want to cue the client on and then bam, they go do it. So they get the visual learning and seeing the demo and then actually get the, you know, can't necessarily think it's actually go do it. You're cueing them to feel certain things. You're chewing them to move certain parts of the body and alignment to actually do correct technique. Right? So it's very similar to what we do in person of how we teach in coach movement. And just to be clear, when you're in a remote environment, verbal cueing is really important. You want to communicate almost more in a virtual session than you would face to face. So face to face, you'd be talking but maybe then be quiet a bit in a virtual session. You're going to be maybe cueing a little bit more conversation to engage because they don't have the other inputs around them. So again, they're just examples. These are what people are doing really all over the world right now. Our clients in the US and Canada, UK, Europe, Australia, Asia. And they're doing this in private training, environments, and semi-private training environments, and group classes. And don't think you have to have like a perfect studio. And you know, you can do this really out of your spare budget mechanism. You're living in people are doing this in the basement. It's really not about, you know, having a, like, made for Hollywood studio. People don't care about that with a care about is how you're supporting them. That's what matters. How are you showing up to support them? And really your energy, your leadership, your tone, your energy is what's going to provide the best experience for the client, just like face to face. That's what matters most. This is also another example. It's one of our clients in Texas who previously trained a couple of husband and wife. And now they've been working with the, the husband wife who've been inviting in their adult children who are out of state. And they're joining the session. They've now gone from, you know, a private training session to a semi-private training session and getting paid more per hour, because they're able to serve people that are not even in the same state. They're getting referrals from friends and family and so on. This is them, or clients in down here in Australia. She's a new castle who's been signing up now clients from Tasmania and from the US who have clients from California, signed clients in London. So this breaks down so many barriers that previously, when you had a in-person model, you can only sign up for people that could, you know, get to you three days a week within a semi-arradious. So very, very powerful. What's available to you. So again, this works for every type of model you can imagine, it works wherever you are. So some growth questions to consider. What are the most important value components supporting your ideal client in solving their problems than she even goes? So think about the type of client you want to work with and what do they need, what do you need to put in the journey that's going to help them be successful? Right? It's going to be a little different based on the who you work with, the who determines everything. What it's beginners, intermediate, advanced, what their challenges are, what their needs are. You're going to design the journey. You're going to adjust the journey to best serve that person. You're going to get better that all the time. You know, a lot of people that never alert online sessions are training or work to clients a month ago and not just enforce to get in and figure it out and ask for feedback and they've been proved it every single day to where now. Some clients are like, this is the best thing ever. I'm going to never go back to the gym again because I don't have to commute, you know, a half hour into the gym and then banter and then drive home and you know, I don't have an extra out of my day just to drive in the car. Not just get up, get my workout done, then you know, have breakfast, shower, go to work and I don't have to, you know, truck in my whole wardrobe into the bathroom and hanging up and then use a bath and something. And all those kind of stuff we had to do with the traditional personal training model that now is is eliminated with online coaching and training. So thinking about where you can add diets, the clients thinking about what barriers might never be in their way with technology or things that you can do to help remove those barriers. Maybe it is even including when someone signs up a $39 tablet as a nice bonus and for less than the price of one session, they've now got, you know, a perfect, remote training kit with a stand and, you know, to connect and engage with you to do their workouts and counter the coach. So little things we can do that go a long way to engage and support a relationship. Okay, last section here is, how can you make money with online training? Really? How you sign up clients with online training? So let's talk about this. And yeah, I see Ian talking about apps, the NASA and Edge app. I know that the NASA as Edge app has been evolving quite a bit and apologies. I'm not asking me with that as Ian will be, but it's got demos and I think that there you can use, which is I know they're working on a lot of stuff to continue to support you. So you've got all those resources available. So check that out and NASA and YouTube page is a ton of demos. So you can reference those demos. So you've got a huge library, you can access some reference for delivering online training. So all right, so let's talk about finding new customers. And in some cases, you know, this is just not this just a new world. And you kind of think, you know, the way you thought about this like a week ago, you know, a few weeks ago or a couple months ago is now different. So the strategies, the messaging, the offers, we used to kind of market our services are different now. They're still available pathways available to us, but they're not the same. And we've got to engage a little differently. So if you want to grow, you know, we talked about business education is just as important as your fitness education. Well, that especially applies to this area of actually sales and marketing, it's actually fine and sign people up. So you've got to grow in your skill set and competency and have to find and sign people up. It's just, it's absolutely essential. And it's going to give the confidence to sustain your career and not just be dependent on hoping you can get a job somewhere and hoping that Jim doesn't close down and hoping there is another issue that, you know, is out of your control. So you can actually take a 12 year old destiny when you invest in yourself and acquiring the knowledge and skill sets that I'd have find a client anytime and serve them and deliver value and get paid. And that's where the skill sets are going to ensure your success. No matter what happens, because there's always going to be people who want to achieve a health fitness goal or solve a problem and they'll always pay for support and coaching guides to achieve that goal. So here's what I want you to understand a big concept. A lot of people in think about sales and marketing, they think about promotion. And to me, promotion is like the guy who like home assets and right, he's out there on the street with a bring it a ball and has the sandwich for sale. And being a promoter is not very effective. In most cases, in it frankly, is a little bit demeaning, especially if you're a coach. We're out there just begging people to work with you and just please come work with me, please it's a really weak positioning for you to have any authority and actually ability to lead people and coach people to success. And I encourage you to not be a promoter, but actually learn how to become a strategist. Learn how to become strategic in really creating a battle plan and understanding all the components that you can deliver on to find and sign up as many clients as you want in the weeks and months and years ahead as you grow in your skill sets and capabilities. And that's what you want to think about. This is like a war and you need a battle plan, you need to be a strategist. Strategy is what wins the day, not just promotion. So here are the four steps that we teach and we encourage you to grow in your skills and abilities to be successful in finding new clients. And number one, it's getting clear on the who, who is the best client you want to serve, who the people you love working with and what makes them, you know, the client you want to serve and what we know about them, all those are critical things. It's your early target. Your target is the first and foremost thing you got to understand. Number two is you got to clear in your sales strategy, offer a message. And that really is what you say to someone and the off you make with them to engage you and take a step forward in working with you. And it's very important how you engage that conversation. Right? So like, you know, you see someone you want to go in a date with, well, how do you connect with them? How do you talk with them? What do you say? How do you, you know, ask for their digits to call them, right? It's that kind of component of how do you engage and you have to have a plan and you have to underpass some skills and how to communicate, right? That's this communication. One on one. Number three, you got to have a sales system. You got to have a process how to when appropriate to take them step by step through make a commitment to their goals. And all of a sudden that is what success is. Good leadership, good coaching, good salesmanship is all the same thing. It's leading someone to make a commitment to the journey to go from where they are to where they want to be. How do we inspire and lead that conversation is a skill of directing them through questions and through communication to commit to the, to what they need to do. Really, it's all about them. It's not about you. And then number four, we want to have some simple, these generation strategies to find and connect and get in front of the right people. All right, so let's break these down. So number one, the who, the who is everything when it comes to business. You've got to get really clear on your who. I want to be by the who is really defining the profile of the client you want to work with. So what is their age? What is their gender? What else we know about them? Are they state home moms? Are they working moms? They're executives. They're the business owners. They seniors. What is the character that we really want to connect and engage with? To you, Grats, where they live or work. And I'll talk about this in the online environment. And I'll see that they can live somewhere else and I'll be right next to you. We just still want to have some sense of of that concept. And then number three, the psychographics, which are the most important, which is really the the the psychology and the most reasons why someone buys. So what are their goals, what are their challenges, how they feel about them, what understand those components so we can have an effective conversation with them in our communication strategy. So number one is the demographics. Know the who, how older they are they men or women. You know what else do we know about them. And this is important because at different demographics they face different challenges. So a mom right now who's at home with kids who are out of school is just feeling overwhelmed all throughout the day. As when the kids are awake, like it's all bets off, right? She's just really trying to manage keep in the train on the rails. So that's going to be a different conversation to her about those challenges and how to overcome those challenges and be creative without overcome those challenges. You know, we've had people who with moms, they make a they speak to the husband and the partner and they agree, okay, these mornings you're going to feed the kids and I'm going to do my work out. And then on the alternate morning, you're going to feed the kids breakfast and I'm going to do my work out and they kind of tag team to create a plan for the family so that everybody can work on themselves while serving the group. That's just one example. But we want to stand those nuances so that we're able to speak to them. We're able to speak to how to overcome those challenges for our client. Okay, geographics where they live a work. So for offline services, they'll read the typical model for brick and mortar and look, there's no reason to say you can't also serve people brick and mortar when gyms are open again. But why not also have both? You can have both. You don't have to just limit yourself to one or the other. So thinking about, you know, in an offline relationship, people are in a short radius of where you live a work. But online, you're not limited to that. But you're not going to be targeting every country, confident, multiple languages to get started. We're going to focus on really connecting with perspective, clients that are connected to your sphere of influence on. So people where that are you can be referred to or connected with or who find out about you because they know someone who's already working with you. So they refer a family member. They refer a friend that's out of those examples we're seeing happen right now are really powerful and really making easy frankly for customer acquisition right now. And more, more doors are open right now. They've ever been because of the current climate. Then psychographics really is understanding whether desires, whether their goals, whether challenges, how to feel about them, and really knowing what success looks like to them. What is when this is all done, what does success look like to that client? What is failure look like if they don't overcome their challenges, the more that you can understand this, the more you can support them with this, the more you can have the conversation, that's relevant to them. And that's what we need to do when you engage the conversations relevant to them. So also you're going to find a character right. It's kind of like writing a screen play for a movie. You're defining the character that you're going to cast in the movie called your business. So who is that character? What defines them and what are the challenges and goals that they have? The more we understand that, the more we can connect and engage with them. Number two, want to get clear in your sales strategy, offer and message. So this is a new climate. The things that we do, did, you know, two months ago need to change. And then the where the market is at is most cases people are where to have a problem, right? I'm not moving, I'm eating more calories, I'm kidding, wait right now, I'm getting weaker, right? And they're social media where I need to move and work out. I'm not doing that. I'm watching TV and I'm ordering the braids. And I need to stop doing that and I need to, you know, move better and eat less. But they don't understand the product. They don't, they think, well, but the gym's closed so I can't do that. So I'm stuck. They don't understand what this product is. This new product category called online training. And that's where they need some education, it's an explanation, some experience to understand the value that you provide. And you need that as well. You know, it's a paradigm for our industry to shift as well. Previously, you know, most fitness for this project didn't want to do with this thing hit. Now we're kind of connecting, well, maybe there is a way. And what does that look like and how can I do this? So the market needs to be educated and ultimately, the experience it to understand and believe. It's kind of like when personal training just started, you know, back in the 1980s, people didn't know what personal training was. People say, I can work in the personal training, what's the personal training? It's a new category. Now, it's a personal training list. If you say I'm working with online training, is that like YouTube, what do people don't know what it is? But they will, because it's growing and you're going to educate them and they're going to experience it. So here's really the steps to signing up new clients online. Number one, you need to first explain what it is. This is great with some content marketing, some articles, some blogs, some education, stuff you might share of or social, but really explaining what it is and how it works. And then if you when you can, explain really how it's going to lead us to someone to success. And you want to share stories and examples of people like them getting results. So essentially, this is very basic bare bones of content marketing and social proof. As you can share some education and you can share some examples, people start to put the dots together. Okay, it's this and here's people doing it who look like me and they're getting results. So let me check this out. Right? That's the first stages of awareness and education. Number two, once you've done awareness and education, you need to make them an offer. And you want to make them right now. The best offer is a risk-free offer to experience it. So with a free trial or free session, let them come in, let them get a sample and deliver a while. And that's where your job is to come in, let them experience what online session is, make an amazing for them and get them really enthusiastic side about the possibility of following this path of you how that's going to lead them to success. Right? Now they believe it's possible for them and they get it. Awesome. And number three, once you've done those things, now you have the you've earned the right to sell your program. And this is really your job and have to lead them to a commitment to doing the work to be where they want to be and we'll talk about that in a second. But if people are still timid and scared to commit sometimes people, you know, they can pay them where they're at, what's state, what's going on in the world and their kind of worldview, they might think, well, I don't know, I'm going to commit to like a year right now. This is like, I don't know what's going to happen six months. So in some cases, you might shorten the term like you went off of them. Okay, well, just we'll go two months and then we'll see where we're at. And we can, you know, revisit your new your program or package, but you really do want to sell a program, which is tied to a length of time. Don't just sell session sessions are really arbitrary. You want to sell a length of time to achieve the goal, right, based on the needs of the client. So focus on a package for a length of time. That's really the best way to frame this. People don't want sessions. They don't want to understand sessions. They understand, get me to my goal. So just big thing I want to share here that was, don't discount price. Don't think you have to go cheaper. You have to drop your prices because, you know, there's, you know, trouble in the world today. The reality is you don't. You just have to sell outcomes, not time, not location. The value of your outcome hasn't changed. Now the market might have shifted. Maybe you're not going to serve like, you know, the low end of the market. You're going to serve more than middle road of the market. Now, that's okay. But people still have money to invest in health and fitness. People still are investing in their health and fitness. Our industry is not going away. It's here. And frankly, people are more frustrated because they're not really want to be the health fitness and they have a lot of businesses that have this figured out right now are growing through the cycle. And that's what we want for you. Once you take advances, I've seen growth through this cycle. So this is what this looks like. This is example of articles around what personal training is. Virtually how it works. This is what a lot of our clients are doing our doing contact education and offering free introsessions. This is not an example of social content. You're explaining what is what having coach means versus watching videos online. So working with a coach is community, training technique, custom program time. It's not more isolation. It's not watching the trainer exercise. And it's not one size fits all right. This starts to really highlight educate the benefits of working with a coach. You versus watching YouTube and Instagram workouts. Right. Not going to help the client. You are going to help the client. Here's how. Here's why. Answering frequently asked questions. Things like objections you might have. People say, I like this crazy. I don't have the time or I'm not good with technology or I'm not having a space or I can't afford it. I just can't do it in my own. It's not a social is going in studio. These are all questions. And if you expand, you can see these are all being answered and overcome. And that's what we're doing. We're just educating people around why they're limiting beliefs around why they can't move forward right now or don't make sense. And they're just thinking about this incorrectly. So this is education and positioning explaining what it is, how it works, why they should choose you. So positioning you as someone who's passionate about the marketing wants to serve them and so on. This is an example of social proof. So doing a brief interview with your clients and sharing this is a three minute video of clients. You know, hey, explain the value got from working with us virtually and why you recommend this to other people just like you. We have clients are doing these interviews like this with all their clients at home right now. They're sharing these videos on their websites and their social and making that offer to come try for you for a session. Again, this social proof is really powerful because people start to see themselves in these characters. They see, well, this guy's doing it, his wife's doing it. Honey, maybe we could do this too. It's maybe better than us watching, you know, more Netflix tonight and drinking a bottle of wine. Maybe we should be doing work out. Maybe we feel better tomorrow, right? So this is really helpful to have social proof everywhere we can. And then we want to set up a landing page set up a simple funnel. This is something we've helped over clients do. We can explain to you how to do the copy. We actually templates ready to go. We're offering people either free classes, free sessions, or positioning the value of free session, limited time, how to get it now. Some are clients even doing groups are now offering a free week trial, free seven day trial. This is one of our clients in the birth that doesn't essence see Jim and offering one week trials now for term note coaching. So number three is really sales and sales is where the rubber meets the road. It's where a lot of people fail because they're not effective at leading conversations. They're scared to ask for money. We don't know how like it's kind of like you know you went on a great date and date was awesome. Every had a great time and you're walking up to the door to say goodnight and you don't know how to go for the kiss. This is like not knowing how to go for the kiss. You know how to sell and you have to have some confidence and experience and training to so you can overcome your issues and you can actually help the relationship move forward. So you need to learn how to sell and leading sales is really just how to lead effective conversation and commitment to goals. So this is the process we teach in the teaching since 2006 hasn't changed. We just helped personalize some of the tools and scripts for online versus offline. But it's the same process of making sure we pre-qualify people which really just make sure they can of A4 to and B make a buying decision. Both of those are critical to make a sale. Number one report. So help people know like and trust you. Help people to relax to begin a conversation. Discovery, having the right questions to ask that helps you understand a client's needs and really helps them understand their needs which is what we're doing step three is to really help them someone who calls holding up the mirror, summarize what they told you. What I heard you say was this this this this this this is that right and this is really important because people don't understand what their needs are they they know they have a problem but they don't know what their needs are and that as a coach you can help them understand what they told you are their needs. And then you can just transition that to help explain the problem. What is the root cause of these problems of not having knowledge, not having support, not having working with a coach, trying to watch you know do YouTube workouts that are templated for someone else not for you. All these things of where people get off the track went help them understand the root cause of the problem and then we're going to present your solution. We recommend presenting the solution is a visual presentation. We have a little deck template we share it's kind of like this one where you personalize to your logo your names and images and the clients you work with and really just explaining how we the process of how we take some where they aren't to where they want to be. This is really critical in your presentation process. It's also part of what we teach in the NSM business accelerated course. We go right through the sales system in NSM business accelerated. So check it out if you don't have that course already. And then closing we like to teach with all the choice clothes. It's really just offering someone the opportunity to move forward with their goals. So we'd say you know based on what you're what you're told in your goals, I'd recommend either option number one or option number two which ones best for you. And somebody that's going to say one or two or really going to voice objection. And if they've voice objection we go into the bonus round called objection handling and there's a five step process we teach for handling objections. But generally speaking 80% of your sales are we close from having good prequalification process and a good problem building process. When you able to communicate effectively those two steps you close basically all your sales. So because it's really clear for people to understand what their issues are, what how you work the value solution and able to say yes. So this is critical. The most important piece you need to learn whether you're just starting online or starting offline you have to learn how to sell if you want to launch your career. So I recommend without a doubt if you nothing else take away from this conversation today than invest in learning your business education when comes to having effective leadership and sales conversations. This is the most important thing you've got to learn. Okay. Next is lead generation. So once we've done that then we we have a plan for actually lead generation. Lead generation is very simple. This is where people are really over complicated and make it very difficult. By the way, they spend all this time trying to figure out like advanced tactics for Facebook pixels and targeting and ads and all the stuff that's really confusing when you really just learn how to sell and that's some basic things to get in front of more the right people which is pretty easy. So it just comes down to honest I like to explain lead generation is like fishing you want to know the fish you want to catch the who you want to serve you want to have the right beta offer. In this case for all I'm going to talk about the free trial and free session. Anyone have the right strategy when the easiest strategy is just some simple referrals and networking right now for your short of influence and you want to have some content that you're going to share to educate the market like we talked about what it is and how it works. And then really the right pond where you're going to go fishing right and this is important because I can have the great fishing rod I can have the great bait I can stick that thing in my bathtub I'm never going to catch a fish because there's no fish in my bathtub. I want to catch a tuna again above I go out the ocean and then I put the bait front of the tuna right tuna bites the bait I really want to fish. Same thing when it comes to fishing for clients you've got to have these things in place and you've got to work it's really easy to find clients because there's luckily there's basically the whole world right now is gaining weight getting weaker because they're stuck at home isolated and they don't feel good about that along with the scozo on the more uncomfortable they're getting and so people know they need to take action and they know this is difficult to do on the road so they know they need help and this is where you can show up and be that beacon of help and support and guidance that your clients need in the world needs right now. I believe coaches the ability to change the world and change the lives one at a time and so this is the opportunity you have to do so. So you do this and great things happen this one of clients in San Jose, California, Austin is just been crushed his online training program right now is when we're actually at any SM, a trainer that we met at Optimus, our work with Sylvia, she's our work with us and October she's been good. Fantastic is grown through this now having our best ones ever which is fantastic. So we're a client that does Pilates in Singapore, who's doing fantastic semi-private training Pilates. So whatever your model, whatever type of clients you want to work with wherever you live in the world, the systems and tools and methods I'm sharing with you are going to work for you, growing your business and you've got to grow your business education if you want to sustainable career. So some questions for you, think about are you promoting or are you actually learning to get a strategy in place and you need to become a strategist, don't just try to be a guy with a bell, you know, selling sandwiches. Number two, the who understand the who is everything. That's all a business. So understanding the problems you love helping someone solve, what success looks like to them, understand your offer and your message and then really how you're going to lead someone to say yes to commit to the journey to become the person who want to become that coaching conversation, that sales conversation is the most important conversation you're ever going to lead someone through. Then number five, get a plan of how you're going to get fine and get in front of the right perspective client. So this is where we come down here, lead generation, strategy and plan. We've put those things together, the four steps and you're off the races with Sonium clients and you've got a great value of those clients, report some success stories and testimonials and use that back in to go get more clients and we keep going and that's how you build a business. Just one of the early stages to start building business online, there's more to come out so you have to progress. So in summarized this whole thing, there has never been a better time to commit to growing your business online than now. There's a tremendous opportunity right now in the market and the longer this COVID goes on, the longer people are at home, stuck and they need help and they're looking for answers and solutions to problems. You have that opportunity to step up and serve and a powerful way right now service is what it makes the world go around. So commit to serving people, getting on your own insecurities and fear and discomfort and just going to serve other people who need your help. If you're going to step up and serve other people, there's unlimited opportunity for you and I truly believe in this exact quote, you know, if you can get anything you want by helping enough other people get what they want and that's true now more than ever can help them finish. Number two, learn what online training is and how it works for you. So, you know, thinking about the client you want to serve, what is the right journey of how you can serve them and things that you would offer that's going to be really specific to get them to where they want to be. Right net journey is going to look a little different depending on the types of clients you work with, but you want to map out the journey you want to get a plan in place to serve that client. And then number three, you make money by committing to strategy, not promotion. You know, you can just say, I'm a trainer, I'm a trainer, I'm a trainer, sign up, sign up, not going to get you very far. You want to become a strategist and that's where you get into studying, understand and get a battle plan in place with all the components you need to be successful in growing your business and learning how to inspire people or need to understand them, learning how to find and gauge them, all those parts of customer acquisition and learning how to build and run. These parts of the machine, these skills required to build a business. So, I'm going to open up for some Q&A in a second here, but I want to hopefully encourage you if you're listening to this and you're wanting to visit possible for you to be successful in your career. Can you do this? This is work for you. I hope you've been inspired by some of the stories and examples that we're seeing now, really, the past six weeks or so. We've helped 4,000 fitness professionals and studio owners go online, launch online, build their client base online. This is possible for you as well with your brand. You're just starting out. You've been around a little while. I hope you're encouraged to go pursue this and to invest in your business education because you need business education. Just as much as you need fitness education if you want to make money and have a sustainable career. So, I'm going to open up for questions. I know I won't get to all the questions here today. That's what I want to encourage you guys and off you a call to get Clare's Strategy Session. I'm going to put the link in the chat here. It's the MP coaches, corner.com. You can click on that link and you can schedule to see a Clare's Strategy Session. This is an individual 60 minute call to get your questions answered. No charge. The only request I have is we do have a team that is very, very busy. We've just actually increased our hiring right now to support all the growth happening right now. People that want help with their business in the fitness industry, which is a busy time in the around the world. Our times are precious. If you're serious about finding about how you're a business, you want to get your individual questions answered and schedule time and show up. Please don't take a slot and then go to us and then take that up to you away from someone else who needs the help and serious about getting help. So encourage you to check this out at npcochisecorner.com and learn more about really the option for you and where you can go and hopefully get you some direction. If we can help you, you're not great. No worries. We're here from you. We're here for you and love to support you if and when you're ready at some point down the road. I'll leave this up on the screen and then open up for some Q&A to get to your questions. But I won't get to everybody. You can check us out at npcochisecorner.com and courage to do that with four to talk with you soon. Okay, so let me pull up the Q&A and we will get to the questions that have come across. Thanks again for your needs, but hand some of these in the chats. Thanks again for all that support. All right, question here. You might get to this, but how does all my training compare when they can compete with the new smart fitness systems, such as tonal, etc. I'm not familiar with tonal, so maybe you can explain that a little more to me and I will answer that question a little more detail. I mean, all in training, hopefully I'll give an example of that in the journey. This is live coaching and really, well, this is this is coaching. Sometimes it's live, sometimes it's remote, and sometimes it's just sending a program, and sometimes it's getting on video and actually queuing movement through an exercise or through a workout. So this looks like different things to different segments of the market, of how we also mean the job of coaches to lead someone to solve their problems, she's a goal. So whatever they need and whatever components we got to bring into the equation to help get them from here to there, you know, that's our job as coaches. So that's what it looks like and we customize that journey given that the who you want to serve and what their needs are. All right, so Brett Cohen's the Sean, I've been touched with all my current former clients, you know, text phone calls and is that there's only 50% in all my training live. So people already know like Justin Payme, don't want to do it, how am I going to get people out of two, don't know like Justin to do it. So Brett, we need to unpack this little further. You definitely benefit from a individual conversation. We can get into a few more questions that are standing. I'll do my best to kind of cover this right now, but the barrier for a lot of cases is in the statement right there. People don't want online training. No, they don't. And they don't want in-person training either. And they don't want sessions and they don't want you. What they want is to solve a problem or achieve a goal. That's what they want. And generally speaking, they're wanting to solve a problem should we go hasn't stopped. They still want to lose weight. They still want to look better naked. They still want to get out of pain. They still want to feel strong. But all those things are still present. The desires are still there. What is in the way is, hey, they don't want to stand what all the training is. And they know they don't want on their training. So if you're saying do you want online training? Like, no, I don't. But if you explain, you know, what it is, how it works, your examples of success. And you ask them, do you still want to lose weight? I'm going to say yes. Why aren't you taking action to do this weight? Because they don't understand what the product or solution is or how it works. And they're also feeling very challenged right now because there's new obstacles in their way, right? So it's like, do you want to get to the side of this wall? Yes, I do. Okay, why aren't you moving? Well, because the walls really high. And frankly, the walls even higher now, because now I got kids from school and I'm working home and I'm more stressed out. And it's easy to just order your reads. And so the barriers are going up for people to be successful. It's more things in the way of them getting to where they want to be. And so our job is a coach to help them understand new ways that can get over the wall and help lower the wall to make it easier to get it all. That's what we do as coaches. So you're engaging the conversation the wrong way, really. And you're not effectively leading the conversation, which tells me that you need training on sales. You have a sales problem, not a marketing problem. So you have people who are interested in solving problems you have to go, but you don't know how to lead the conversation powerfully to, for them understand and to commit to the journey. There's probably some other things we got to solve for too. We got to figure out the journey. We got to figure out what they're need, you know, what type of client you work with and what does the program look like and how to communicate that and educate them and how to we invite them to come try it out. All of the things I talk about to our relevant, but bottom line is you got to grow in your skill sets and capabilities. So that's the problem. You don't have the skills you need to be an effective communicator and to inspire them to commit and we have to help you grow in that area. So that's a job you don't. Okay, other questions for someone brand new to the industry and minimal experience work with clients in the gym, what with the first step speed. Yeah, I mean, you know, the first steps are getting clear on the vision and the plan and that's something we can definitely talk about one on one if you like at the NP coaches corner, but you're really understand, you know, what's your passion? What are the types of clients that you are inspired to work with? What are the problems you love solving? Do you love working on foul loss? Do you know the working on bodybuilding? Do you love working on getting seniors out of pain? What are the types of clients you want to work with? What are the problems you like to solve? That's kind of the first step is kind of knowing where you want to go explore. It doesn't mean, you know, I might start here with moms and, you know, six months in an eighth, aside, I want to work with seniors. There are no pro and work with busy professionals or whatever might be, but you want to start to think about the who you want to work with and what problem you want to solve. That's kind of the first step. And generally speaking, you know, you're going to say, you probably don't want to work with bodybuilders, grandmas, kids, seniors all at the same time. So thinking about the who you're inspired to work with and that you love working with and thinking about the problem you love solving. Like I just geek out or studying the stuff and help people solve these problems, those are the places we want to kind of start to begin. It's knowing the who and the what you like to do. And then once we start there, we start to get a vision of where you're going to go because all success and business starts with the who. So we got to start with the who not with you. We got to understand the who, understand well, who you like and what you want to work on. But then we got to start to understand that who and how to connect and engage the who and then we understand kind of our, our packaging or pricing or model and how to sell it, how to engage with them and all kind of things come next. But starts with the who. So I encourage you to think about the who and definitely reach out. We can can unpassable further give you some direction. I love to help you with that. Okay, Tiffany says how do you manage taxes if we're from Cleans International and American who is New Zealand and a more context in the US. Yeah, so I mean, that's a great question for accountants. So if you're American, I'm American. I'm going to start right now. I'm still declared a US resident at this point. But if you're declared New Zealand resident, it's the same tax status rate. You've got to pay US taxes and you probably have to pay New Zealand taxes if you're declared New Zealand residents. So you pay both. And as far as tax and clients, most cases for online services, you don't tax the client. And I'm a New Zealand, I'm not sure. I mean Australia, you know, GST tax. You don't charge GST if someone is outside Australia. So I don't not sure New Zealand's if you have to charge tax and services for someone that you serve outside New Zealand, like even the UK, like UK, you charge back. But if they live outside, UK, they don't have to pay that. They have a bad accept number. So, generally that's going to be the case. But I encourage you to check with your content if you have specific questions on that. All right, you might get to this. Sorry, the other question here. Answer that one. How much about the chart? How much do you charge it? Yeah, so charging them. I encourage you to, so it's first going to be based on kind of the who, understanding what the needs are. And if it's, if it's more like, I'm going to do every session with you, that's very similar to how you price and package a traditional in-person training service. If it's more of an example of the I'm going to program for you and send you work out once a week, and I'm just going to check in tax, the email, and once a month we'll kind of do a call or buy weekly or really a call. We're going to do more of a consultation like this, and that's a different type of service, and different amount of our time. We're going to price and package it differently. So, we actually have pricing and packaging calculators. We have one for kind of a typical journey we're doing in a recession together. We have one for more of the consulting type of relationship. And essentially without being able to take you through all the stuff, and this is definitely something that Kajur's scheduled to call. We can get them more depth on. Again, it starts with the who's the customer and what the need is, the customer help them get the goal. That's start there and then it's okay great. This is what they need and how to price it and how to package it. How to price and package it. Kind of depends on that of time. You're going to invest in the relationship and the work, right? Because we got a value of your time is the most born asset. You can't be giving away your time for free because your time has value, and that's how you get paid to keep doing this business. So, a bit of a process we go through to figure this out. Again, it's not a one size fits all at the pens on the who, what you're going to offer, how to work to get your going to work together and what those levels look like and the time you're going to invest in the programming or support so on. And then we figure out a rate, then we have a calculator we kind of pull it together in a package. And I recommend selling packages is very important to build sales sessions because again, no one wants a session, session of the arbitrary. I can't understand if you want one session, 10 session, 100 sessions, why don't want any sessions? I just want to achieve this goal. So, your job is to really explain this is part of the sales process. To achieve this goal, it's going to take about this like the time and this is why recommendation of what we should the package of how we're going to work to get there. So, your job is to connect the dots and that's what's the most powerful in selling. And not just selling, but in leading and a client to commit to the journey. It's only committing to sessions. They're not really committing to an outcome in the journey. And that's where we're going to, that's where we can be a better coach. It's not just a session, but lead them to commit to the journey and the length of time and what's required to fulfill the journey to get to where they want to be. So, that's how we get there. And I'm sorry, it's an, I can't just answer that quickly for you to, to patent the answers of the pens. That's how we get to that and happy down the pack that'll further you. Again, we are going to have lemon slots and these do get filled up every time we get on one of these calls, but you can go grab one before they're gone at MPCoatjustCoiner.com. And if they're all taken, then my apologies, no routine is super busy right and just check back into where I'll sometimes we get cancellations and the slot opens up. Okay, let me keep going here. Is there data on the demographics of client participating in the model? No, Chris, there's really every type of client participating in this model because everybody's stuck at home and everybody's in their mind and everybody needs and wants to do better. And they you know, they appreciate the value of a coach and helping them solve that problem. So, I mean, we see it with every type of demographic. We see it, every type of service in every country. It's really, it's tremendous opportunity. So, I hope that I'll make sense and hopefully I'm educating you on how you're going to, but it is a new category. And so, you know, it does require some education to really help, you know, the normal person just kind of thinks, just go to the gym and I can't go to the gym. So, I can't do anything about that right now. You're going to have to educate people and you're going to need to offer them a trial to kind of experience it. All those things to really get, get moving. But, you know, that's how we do it. Okay. So, there you go. Yeah, post your codes exact, the app for remote assessment, any SM and the app is also ton of things in there with demos and programming, I believe, as well. That's credit to bills to check that out. Nancy says, a peer secured live building insurance is a particular live building transfer in specific to online training. There, you do talk with your current insurance company about this. And actually, there's, you know, simple forms and waivers who would have someone signed as well. Those are kind of templates and tools we offer that give some direction there to protect your liability. Again, that depends on your state and in some of those things as well. But, yes, you can talk to your insurance provider and yes, you should have agreement with that, you know, just like you would have in person, you have agreement or waiver that addresses those components. So Sarah asks, how do you determine the percentages of impact of these aspects of living clients to success? Yeah, great questions. That's on the value of coaching graph, the pie chart. The answer is that varies depending on the who, right? So beginners, some areas are going to be more relevant like the cannibalistic supporters going to be tremendous. The program is going to be very simple. So it's going to be smaller percentage because your program is basic programming. But we're going to provide a lot of a cat and go to support to get it done where advanced exercises, program is going to be more advanced. It's going to be bigger percentage of the pie. And technique is going to be really important. And maybe less about some of the other areas. So again, just interesting, the who is kind of what, how that morphs a little bit. But those are the components for everybody. That's, that's what we do and that's how we do it. So hopefully that makes sense. Mike Farrow can soon run me how to get into NPE. He might just seen there was a webinar for a council. Yeah. So to find out more about NPE, just go to npecoachescorner.com. So NPE coaches corner.com. So right what you see on your slide here. If you type in at URL and I popped in the chat, put it in there one more time. And you can schedule call to get a call to get clear strategy session. And we will be happy to answer questions. I understand a little more about you and your goals. Explain how business education works. So we're programs. And if we have a good fit, we're happy to give you information on that and hopefully we might work together. So check that out. Okay. Keith asked what video library you recommend that can be used to demonstrate movements. So I believe there's a ton of movements on the NESM YouTube channel. I believe you can also set an NESM edge apps. Those are available. And there's some more resources coming out for you. There's well. So there's that's an easy part. There's a ton of available resources for you for demos. Okay. One, this is great in finding these times challenging but also promising. There are new options and opportunities for fitness coaches, new and practical exercises we provide to our clients. Always value the contribution of bringing your clients is really awesome. Yeah, I want that's really the key is it's a big challenge and we consider it. We can cry about it and maybe that's good for a day or two and then we got to get to work. And the thing about getting to work is not just as important for you to pay your bills and keep going with your career. But even more than that, there's people that really need your help. They're stuck at home and they need help to get moving and to get on track for their goals and they just don't, they're overwhelmed with how to get there. They don't know how to get there and they don't have the support. That's where you can step up and you can serve in a powerful way and there's because of that opportunity to serve because that need in the market why coaches matter now more than ever. Why there's not a change in computer really grow through this. Really redefine really the types of clients you want to work with and that you love work with most and with you at very specific about building a great business around a great customer base you love work with. So that's a tremendous opportunity for you. Melissa asked you advice shorting session time. Half-hourished scenarios as having hard-time concentrating. Just depends. I think in most cases people are shortening the session time. There's less like we just do an hour session but it'd be like getting the gym, you know, banter, kind of get sorted, you know, better time. We've based a lot of time. Now those sessions that we're now are cutting for like 45 minutes or 40 minutes. If these to be half or half hour or cutting them to like 20 minutes and you're really we don't need a lot of time we just need the right dose and the effective dose response, right? So in most cases you can get more efficient. The concentration, that's really about you keeping engaging and you know having keep the climbing fun and you know having making it fun, you know, to go do this and keeping them focused. You know it's just this end of the year in person. You're just going to do your mode. But we have to stop the way you communicate the way we coach virtually has to be better than in person. So we have to we have to come better coaches right now and how we lead and engage and communicate with the client and those that are going to step up and grow and their skills are right now. You know again the opportunity is there. We just have to get better and we have to lean into this opportunity to get better and not just you know be mad because things work the way they were. I'm sorry they weren't they aren't where they are and you know get to work and the opportunity is there if you want to go to work. So okay hopefully that's all really helpful. I think how can to get a job with NPE. Yeah well we're hiring so check us out NPEFITUS.com. We just hired a brand new brand new coach for our team just just two weeks ago and said to have them on the team and what we hiring again soon. So okay Brett says they're all golfers who can play golf okay. Yeah I mean fun stuff you can do with golf. If you can do a virtual you know virtual golf stuff right now and all kinds of things you could do with those clients. So definitely it's a great opportunity. Again happy to chat with you Brett if you want to check us out NPECUTUS.com. So all right I think these are I'm not going to get to all these questions I appreciate all the questions we're getting. I don't think I'm going to be able to answer all these in particular we're going to have to get running nowhere at a 95 minutes here. So I hope inspired you guys to really to just think about the opportunity because there is a massive opportunity right now and not just for the success of your career but because the market needs your help and if you want to go be successful and you want to help more people then really I want you to understand that business education is just as important as your fitness education. An NPE and Annie Stammer here to support you we care about you. We're excited to help you grow in these new skills and the abilities and tools that you need to launch your career to build a client base online or offline in the weeks and months ahead. An apps encourage you to check us out if you want more and have a conversation you can book an individual call at npcochiscordin.com and we'll also have this webinar replay available to you. I usually put this on replay the next 24 hours so watch for a link to go watch the replay those who asked about that and look this is just this is exciting it's a challenging time we got to go to work but it's also really fun time it's exciting time and you can make a big difference in your career big difference in how come more people out there when you step up and learn and grow so I hope it's been inspiring to do that it's great to talk with you guys fun as always we look forward to sharing more in this topic in the weeks and months ahead we wish you all very well have a great day and take care bye bye

=== FILE: The Habit Loop [rdSmwQsnMDU].txt ===

Welcome back. Let's consider what the normal process of behavior change looks like. Typically when habits are formed, they are formed over time when we begin to perform a new series of behaviors over and over again. MIT researchers discovered three elements that can be consistently found in any habit that we have. These include a cue, a routine, and a reward. This concept is described in the book The Power of Habit by Charles DuPig. In his book, Atomic Habits, James Clear took this concept and went on to expand it to include one additional element. That's the craving. It's this description of behavior and habit loops that I'd like to use to define how we work to build new habits. If you're interested in better understanding how to shape and change either your own habit, or those of your clients, I highly recommend reading both books. Now, behaviors are shaped over time using the following formula. A cue, there's a craving, a response, and then ultimately a reward. As you see, it's with this normal pattern that behaviors are ultimately created. Let's talk through this a bit more to bring it to life with an example. So when we first start talking about the cue, a cue is really anything that brings about a craving. Cue can include the time of day. It might be a person, a feeling or a mood that you're experiencing. It could be a smell or a sound, or even could be a specific environment. For example, you wake up in the morning and that's your cue and it triggers a cascade of habits that you may not even have to think about. You just automatically do those. Maybe you wake up, go to the bathroom, make a cup of coffee, brush your teeth, get rest, etc. Your cue, it's time of day. Or for most people, it's the alarm clock telling them to wake up because it is a certain time of day. Now, sticking with our time example above and thinking about waking up, the craving, or in other words, the motivation behind why you act, is what actually moves you to act. So you aren't necessarily motivated to brush your teeth in the morning, but you really are motivated by the feeling that having a clean mouth and a fresh breath would give you. And you're not necessarily motivated or craving coffee, but rather the feeling that drinking a cup of coffee provides to you. Cravings differ for every person. For some people, they may crave to feel awake first thing in the morning. For others, they might crave that feeling of attacking the day and really getting a jump start on everything they have to do. And general cravings occur because we want to change our internal state. Then we have the response. Now this is the actual habit that you perform. So you do something, you brush your teeth, you drink the coffee, you know, you go to the bathroom. For example, if we're thinking about what we typically do in the morning. Think about what your normal response is to the cue in the morning of waking up and what craving you're actually feeling. Also consider how many responses are possible. So when we consider that there might be a hundred people, they might have a hundred different responses to hearing their alarm go off. Some people may choose to get up and go to the bathroom. Others may go to the kitchen first to start the coffee before going to the bathroom. And some others may decide that they stay in bed and scroll through social media or text messages. So with a hundred different people, there could be a hundred different responses to the same cue. And what determines it is really based on past experience, our own personal preferences, maybe the environment that we find ourselves in, etc. And then finally we have the reward. On one level, the reward is always that the craving is gone. So we wanted to change our internal state and now we have successfully achieved that. And I find that really interesting that we like to satisfy the disc content that our brain creates. And the one hand, the brain is hardwired to notice rewards though from our behavior. So keep in mind, we're always paying close attention to what other rewards and benefits that the response has created. So if the reward also has other benefits, for example, the coffee that we drank tasted delicious or we can now kiss our spouse because we have fresh breath, then it's much more likely that we'll continue to repeat that choice over and over again, forming a habit loop and eventually a habit. In our next video, Chris will talk about the ways that the habit loop can play out in real life, especially as it relates to ways clients change their behavior. Particularly in pursuit of that misleading holy grail of fitness. That's weight loss. Check it out.

=== FILE: The Importance of Recovery After Workouts [jpTxdWXFXcY].txt ===

Welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast, and our Facebook Live webcast. My name is Rick Richie, and today I have the honor, privilege, and absolute delight to have one of my friends that I've known for many years. I think probably I've met him a year or two after starting with NASM, but he had been with NASM far longer than me. I think so I'm not sure there was a hiccup, there he was working there and then maybe he wasn't because I never saw him and then all of a sudden he was getting all these workshots and I wanted to teach. But I want to give a shout out to my friend now, I didn't like him at first, but my friend now, Ken Miller, Ken, thanks for being on with his man. Oh man, the honor and pleasure is my man. I was actually wondering, okay, it's like, did I do some wrong look to Rick because it's totally interviews and I haven't, my phone hasn't rang yet, but no, this the honor pleasure and distinction is all mine. Spam this time with you here today, Rick. No, thanks, brother. I appreciate it. This is not our first podcast together either. We were hold up in a room in Shanghai. Is that right? We were in Shanghai. It was Shanghai. It was Shanghai. It was a different podcast, one that I had with a business partner and another NASM, Master instructor named Aaron Droguzeski and he was not with us, but we went and we did the podcast and I just really enjoyed having you on in Mike Fantagrossi was there, Princess Rhodes, Nate was on with us as well, and I've got Nate scheduled to come on the show in a few weeks. But, set around, we were batting around ideas, we were just talk fitness and really one of the cool things about doing the podcast. And so many ways we spend time, okay, can we identify research, can we talk about the issues, can we do it? But sometimes it's fun just to sit with a group of people and wrap about the industry and about what we do and who we are and what we expect and what we see and that's what we do in conversation. We sit down, we chat with each other. And so that's what I want to have today, but with the little more direction because there are some things I'm interested in that I know you know about. And I'm going to tap you on the shoulder for all of those things. The first thing I want to talk about and I think that some people might be pretty interested is the NSM Master Trainer course. And I think people have probably been hit with some emails and say, what is this Master Trainer course? What is it? What do I get from it? What can it do for me? And then I want to get into talking about recovery and regeneration and what we're talking about we did to that with Dr. Bragg last week when we talked about sleep specifically and I thought that was great, but we can get into a lot more different content with you. So with all that being said before we go any further, tell us a little bit about who you are, your education, your background professionally, all that stuff and then let's jump into that NSM Master Trainer course. Okay, well, you know how much I love talking about myself, so that'll be about 20 seconds. Well, like you, I went through the California University of Pennsylvania for my Master's degree and believe it's an injury prevention and the performance enhancement. It's been since what 2005 is when I went through that program initially for the Masters and I was the second chord to come through. I bring that up because it opened the doors for me to do a lot of other things. So with the majority of my career being in personal training, I was personal training in 1994 after I finished my my bachelor's in exercise science. So did corporate wellness for a while went on to work with then family fitness, but they merged to become 24 hour fitness back in the day. So as a part of that early evolution of that company, so as that was a great experience, you know, being 24 years old and and being a fitness manager and, you know, having five, you know, five, ten trainers working under and you're like, you know, I just not a train. I never learned how to manage. Right. Yeah, that young age. But that propelled me to do other things and then, you know, as far as working with different health clubs and the West Coast primarily, but my Masters in 2005 and that opened the door for me to become a strength conditioning coach. So when we talk about reconditioning, we return to play recovery, gain a lot of experience just because of working with football, gymnastics, golf, softball, the word my respective sports. And then I assisted with lacrosse soccer and I was actually an assistant for the football team as well for as far as strength conditioning goes. But the exposure to work with athletes from the performance side, but also to be able to apply what I've learned through the National Academy Sports Medicine with corrective exercise. I became that strength coach where, you know, okay, this guy's got a spring ankle. He can't participate with the team right now on the field or in the weight room. So hey, let's give him the Miller. Yeah. So then I, yeah. So I, and I was also that guy, you know, in the health club, right? Someone's got low back as you. Someone has a shoulder issues like, okay, you need to go to cat, right? So basically harvesting, you know, those collective experiences both working with general population. And high level athletes, you know, gaming opportunity work at the professional level with some few select players baseball, basketball, and football, right? But as far as all that goes, you know, that's that's where when we talk about recovery regeneration, that's when I've been able to take my experience and apply that to basically what I do here at my facility here in Alameda, California. So that's about that as far as if you want to am in what I do, but as far as what I do with National Academy of Sports Medicine, I'm one of the regional master instructors along with Marty Miller, and of course Wendy Bats, and we're just there to help foster and develop other instructors that teach the OPT model, right? So, so that's about it for my experience. So 25 plus years of experience that I, you know, that I'm just trying to share with whoever I can share with whether it's within an ASM or other things that I do from an education standpoint. That's awesome, man. You did a great leap in that under 20 seconds, I think. It makes me my watch as I think I've started studying time. So with what you do is one of the regional master instructors for an ASM, from what I know, a big part of what you'll do has to do, or maybe just you specifically, has a lot to do with the development of the master trainers and the people who are going through this course. Now, I get questions quite a bit. I answer them to the best of my ability, but this is your wheelhouse. So I do want to kind of use you while you're here to talk about it. What is that when people ask me these questions, this is what the questions are going to ask you. What is it? What am I going to learn? And what is it going to be able to do for me? Okay. So what is it? It's basically that next evolution as far as your experience with the National and Academy Sports Medicine. So what we do is we look for, so for those personal trainers that are an ASM CPT and they've gone through at least two specializations and the specializations that we hone in on are the corrective exercise specialists and the performance enhancement specialists. So, and if you remember early on with the OBT model, Rick, that it had seven phases. That's right. Versus the five that we have now that we expanded into the CES and then of course with the PES, we have that second phase of power development. So basically to go back to where someone has a full working knowledge, practical experience, having at least two years as a personal trainer strength coach. Somebody that works with other human beings in getting them to move better for form better and then they can actually put their knowledge and experience to the test. So now that as they fulfill the qualifications, at least two specializations, current CPT, they go through an online course, which is then audited by myself and other instructors for the program. So again, can you talk us through what those courses or modules, what is what is in at what are they learning from that? So what we're trying to measure there is their understanding of the OBT model, right? Do they understand they keep variables and what it does to affect the adaptations for stabilization strength and the power. So having a functional, you know, just an academic let's just say background on the model, right? Do they know how it works, the progressions, how you modify exercise selection and keep variables and how those things work to influence the body, right? But also things like, why do we do the superset on phase two and why do we do the superset in phase five versus the other phases, right? And then they have to submit a video and the video just, you know, it's another screening process to see, okay, can they put into practice, can they demonstrate what it is that they've done on paper? Because a lot of people, you know, when we take tests, when they study for the NSMCP, they're great with book smarts, but the actual application, do they know when it's a 3, 2, 1 or 4, 2, 2, or a 2, 2, 2, 10 point. You know, I'm throwing some numbers out here. But when we're talking about speed and tempo and how that influences how are we supposed to achieve stabilization while we want to move slow with emphasis in the eccentric loading of the movement, right? And then power, you know, as fast as possible. So we want to know that you know, use you, you can identify, right? What speed looks like and you can modify and cue somebody into the positions with the speed and tempo that they're meant to do. So so you have the written part for as far as the modules go and they have to submit a video and that's what we see, okay, hey, you know, the kinetic change checkpoints will allow line, some things you want to consider, if it's possible, then they go to the live section of the work of the course. And this is where, okay, we say, okay, Rick, show me a phase one exercise for balance, right? So now it's just, we just throw it out at it. It's not scripted, you can't choreograph it because we just kind of take the grab out, okay, here, Rick, is what you're going to do. Right? And then they have to show that they understand, they can think on their feet and they may have that level of copper edge and on the information as it's delivered through the OPET model. So the master trainer saw me once they've gone through us and they're possible, right? They've shown competency to demonstrate and apply the OPET model. You know, there's doors that have been open. So as far as the opportunities that it afford you, one, you know, any of the Sims always looking for subject matter experts. So we've got owners and operated, they have their own facilities. We have trainers that work more in the medical side, right? So more of the corrective exercise, there were alongside physical therapists and we have those that are have baseball emphasis, you know, we have one that's, you know, working with boxers, right? So then, you know, it'll open those doors for you. And I've heard of other trainers giving job opportunities in management experience with management experience, you know, based on their credential because because we're in a world of like specialization this master this master that you need that extra level of distinction that shows, okay, not only do I mastered like this type of equipment or this format of training, but now you can show that, you know, you understand how the OPET model works and you and I both know that if you understand the OPET model, you can work with any body, right? And you relatively healthy individual. And if they're not relatively healthy, then you know what to do with the information that you need from, you know, say someone coming from a referral from the physical therapists or a chiropractor. So so there's a lot that goes into it. And I've seen trainers that really took advantage of it and you know, started their own businesses and started their own training systems and opened up their own shows. So it's great to see these guys that have come to the master trainer summit and what they've been doing with it. Yeah. What one of the things that I found probably the most interesting, we go back to the testing and the live testing that you were talking about, I love it. Things are great ideas. Good to meet people and know who they are and see them and meet them and greet them face to face. And listen to what they know and what's interesting is that I found that the majority of people that ended up not passing that live portion pass it, because of almost just one thing trying to do something to sexy to like let me show you how much I know as opposed to showing what we're asking them to do. Right. So we ask you specifically a thing about the model and when they start throwing in burpees or drop jumps that are outside of that particular phase of the model, they're trying to show that they're fun and lively maybe, but they also in that show that they don't know about the model and what phase and what progressions that we're looking at. And that's what I found. Not so much that people can't identify five kinetic chain checkpoints or people don't understand that overhead squatter a single leg squat assessment or pushing and pulling programming. They really just try to show that they know more than they do and it ends up showing that they don't know the model itself. Right. Exactly. And that's, you know, I mean, and you've been a part of those, you know, a number of those master trainer summits and, you know, one of the first things we tell us, you know, don't try to impress us with, you know, you know, trying to be dynamic and, you know, everything that you've done like you said burpees, as someone's doing like kettlebell swings in the stabilization program and they're like, okay, well, it does have its place, but, you know, we just want to know that you can demonstrate this phase of training, don't, you know, I just want the burger, forget about all the other stuff that goes on it, right? Just, just give me what I want and then yeah, they actually talk themselves out of passing more than anything else, but then once you dive deeper and it's like, yeah, you know what you know, right? And you actually have a working knowledge of the OBT model, but you know, don't try and impress, you know, Rick, me, Wendy, Martin, you know, it's like, we just, can you have somebody doing overhead squat and can you perform a workout based on your observations? That's it. Don't you think that's it? Most people seem like they try to, to make their money on the condiments and nobody knows how to make the burger. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, it's rare. They wanted, they say, hey, this sauce, tried this sauce and this, this, this, and then we're going, hey, but what is it going on? What's the meat of your program? And everybody, and this is not people necessarily going through the course. It is the fitness industry. The fitness industry in general, not as a whole, as a generalization, are really trying to become professionals at condiments and not professional at the meat of what programming is. Right, exactly. And, and to that point, Rick, there are some things that were, were working on, you know, some initiatives that were trying to, you know, help improve that. So by the time that somebody does get to that point where they're out, they have a live person in front of them. They can actually do that. They can give them what they need. Right, but if someone wants to lose fat, you know, whatever the goal is that they want to achieve, they can, they can give the client what they want, but slide in there, the things that they need using the model. So, so yeah, and I'll talk about that. And during the holidays all the time, yeah, they, you know, box from years before and it would be a toy. And it was not a toy. It would be socks or a church tie or something. And I was like, exactly. But worse Christmas ever. Oh, no, I, this is not a big sense, because that's what happened to me. I think it happens everybody. But then now that, as I'm a parent, it's like, you know, someone asked what did they need? It's like, yeah, they need socks. They need shoes. You know, you didn't care pants if you can't. But right, that's us providing the kids what they need. You know, they want, they want, but you have to give them the things that they need to move better, feel better. Like an iron man box because it will lead to that. The ultimate deception. Exactly. I'm going to give them a deceptic contour. And it's just going to be socks. That's going to be boxed. Gotcha. If I'm not mistaken, I believe that you are also a licensed massage therapist. Is that, is that true? Or did I come back in the, oh, no, you did not make it. All right. Well, it goes back to, well, you know, after I graduated from Cal Poly Pomona, I moved to Las Vegas and working out there. I was I was working as a lifeguard, slipping stairs and tables and all that stuff. But the person who ran the pool also ran the the spa and he goes, hey, you know what? You ever think about becoming a massage therapist and, you know, just kind of hanging out. And it's like, you know what? I have this interest in the body, you know, putting being able to work with people from a manual standpoint, became, you know, one of those things that I say, hey, it's great idea of compliments what I already know. So back in the 1993, I went and got my massage license out of, yeah, and that was us. They had at six hundred and eighty hour course. So well ahead of its time when nationally, you only needed like a couple hundred, couple hundred hour course to take the national exam. But back then, because, you know, there's things that they're trying to mitigate, you know, being in Las Vegas, they really wanted to have a high standard for somebody being able to, for things that we won't talk about. But, you know, just being able to use that experience and use that background to, to use the corrective exercise information that we've learned through the OBT model. And, you know, and I've just been able to use, you know, body work techniques over the years. But especially the lot, you know, since the OBT model came around actually, how to use it from a systemic or a systematic standpoint on how to get somebody to move better. So, and I've been blessed to be able to work, you know, you have direct experience with my Clark, but also close contacts we have with, with Wendy Bats and Tony Amber, right, and how that, because they have their massage licenses as well. So, you know, picking up techniques on how to facilitate movement. And that's, you know, that's been a great compliment to using the OBT model. Yeah, that for me, I did go back to school also for, yeah, for Bats therapy. And that was one of the reasons I wanted to be like, look, I can tell you what to foam roll. I can, I can direct you to a roller and a cane and a back knobber and all of these different things. But one of our friends at formerly at NASM and I consider one of my biggest mentors, leading into the work that I did with NASM was Eric Beard. And he was a massage therapist. And not only was he a massage therapist, he was probably by far one of the best presenters and speakers I've ever heard in my life. Just bow down to him and his knowledge base and his abilities. But he was also a massage therapist and he said, just remember this, nothing beats a good pair of hands. And I thought I need to go back and do that. So I did, I went back and I got my license and massage therapy as well. That was in 2010. And that was after my program that I did at Cal and for the Masters. And I just wanted something else. And now we see and it's a lot the cost of people like you and our friends Scott Mitchell who used to be with us. And everything was about what is region, what is recovery, what is the phone rolling, how can we get people to have an infunction better? And not necessarily, we already were familiar with the exercises, right? We knew that OPPT model, we felt comfortable with the exercises. And we wanted to know more about how do we get people to feel better through means of generation and recovery. And then that's over to me opening a recovery facility in New York City 2018. So awesome place. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, yeah, you've been there and taken advantage. Oh yeah. Yeah. But I want to talk to you about you and what you started doing and how this is, how you've been kind of navigating this during COVID-19. And what are you able to do with your clients and how is that change since this has happened, what you were doing before and what you're doing now with recovery and regeneration? I'll say that the first formal environment that I was able to apply that corrective exercise recovery, you know, a little back in 2010. We weren't we weren't calling a recovery regeneration, right? You know, it's reconditioning, it returned to plays. Kind of the phrase that has been tossed around from that standpoint. So, so when it comes to, you know, working with those athletes at the collegiate environment, I was a great opportunity for me because not only did I have my sports, but I was an assistant towards four other sports, big one being football, right? So, so with softball gymnastics and golf, I ran their programming. So, when I came on board, it was, you know, each one got assessed each one did an overhead squat, over the squat, heels elevated, single leg squat. They all had their individual programming, which they would do every day, right? So, I would, so in an hour-based workout, they would do out of ten minutes of their own individual workout plan. They're their own self-care plan. That was also a plan or a variation they would do when they were traveling, when they were on the road. So, if they got off of a long flight, after a game, they needed their film a little tight. They knew how to take care of themselves. So, if there was tension in the neck, tension in the hips, potential a little back, you know, what, what did they have available to them to take care of themselves? Well, I'm not with them. So, occasionally I travel with my teams. You know, if I had the time off and if a team had the budget, I would travel with them and I would, I would run some light workouts. So, unloading them. So, if it was softball, if it was close enough, I would actually go out there and spend some time with them getting them to recover and regenerate on their own, especially if you're talking about a three-day stint. Now, from injury standpoint, there are two different things, right? So, getting somebody coming back from an injury. So, we had one of our running backs, he had a shoulder issue during season. So, it's like, okay, well, he can't bench, you know, all the traditional, he can't clean. So, what can we do? So, they, you know, they'd send them off to me. So, what would I do? I'd assess them. Wouldn't work, you know, I'd work alongside with the physical therapist on what their treatment plan was, but I would take that time to work on the deficits. He was, he was showing for the rest of the rest of his body. So, a lot of course, you know, if it's, you know, a big, you know, hips being a big thing, you need when you're, when you're running, looked at hip extension, hip internal external rotation. There were enough deficits there that we can focus on that while he's out of commission work on ankle mobility, hip mobility. And at the same time, I would do a phase. So, he was good enough to do a phase two. So, getting him to bench, and then immediately followed up with a ball push-up. And Neil is to say, you know, you get through that first set of that superset of strength and stability. He was done. I'm taking 45 pound plates off, you know, to where he was down to, like, you know, 135 pounds from starting off the first set to 85. Right? But those are the things that, you know, when you talk about recovery, re-conditioning, you know, just building up that ability to stabilizing, control your body before you get back into the traditional power and strength that most sports are built around. So, so putting it all together has just been the accumulation of, of high exposure, high opportunity to work with different sports, different issues, you know, working with swimmers, working with baseball, which I've been doing more so these last few years, or than anything else. And you just have to, you know, you have to listen to the athlete, you know, because, you know, one of the things that I found is that the athlete becomes the injury. Yeah. Yeah. The athlete becomes injury, and that's the opposite of the case. The athlete is still the athlete, but the injury just happens to be a part of who they are today. So, you know, it kind of flipped the switch on, you know, a little bit to talk about, you know, return to play, but when it comes to recovery, regeneration, it's a, it's a ride along that now working with like I just had a training session this morning, client did an all nighter. So, I'm like, dude, we're done. We're not working out because you're going to get so much more from sleep than you are from anything more than we can do together. So, we talk about recovery in regener, you got to look at the total package. So, you had that, yeah, that webinar the other week about the importance of sleep and hydration and sleep hygiene. And the number one thing is, you know, can you sleep because the sleep is going to affect how you perform the next day, actually two days, right, when you're sleep deprived. So, so, getting sleep under control and then looking at the exercise exercise, the movement component, getting blood flow, reoxygenating the blood, breathing techniques, and kind of wrapping that into, you know, going beyond the OPT model and, you know, working on stability, strength, and power, but even under the corrective exercise standpoint, you know, there's a lot of things that we can incorporate like, like we mentioned about, you know, just just breathing techniques, being more mindful, have incorporating some meditation. So, just so, you know, like, this is stuff that I was not saying five years ago, right, and 10 years ago, right. So, when you talk about recovery regeneration, it's, you know, understanding that even reading a magazine that you enjoy or sitting down and reading a book that you can catch up on, you know, getting that mind to relax, so that the body can relax, so that when you're now time to put demand on it, it can be a more responsive because it has had some time to, you know, recuperate regenerate from all that stress that you put into it, you gotta find some way to take it out. So, a lot of times, you know, now it's about, okay, how can we fit this into 10-minute, five-minute modules throughout the day? Or is it about that one hour or half hour program that you're going to do three times a week? So, when we, you know, that's a big, that's a big question, you know, it's like about recovery regeneration because it's individualized and you're going to have to look at your constraints of time, the equipment that you have available, and the environment that you're going to be in, because now as we start opening up, people are starting to travel more, they're starting their commute, people are going to start getting on planes, so that aspect of how they recover from the stresses of travel or sitting behind the desk or, you know, anything that you're going to do, you know, throughout the day, a lot, how do you take that stress out and get the body what it needs to, you know, recover, get that recovery process so that when you come back up again and you want to reintroduce stress, whether it's work or exercise, right, you're going to be stronger for it. Yeah, I think that's the bigger picture. We look at things like the nervous system and how the nervous system actually affects the indecrinsystem and how it affects our regulation of inflammation and how we respond to pain and this bio-psychosocial component to pain, and as a matter of fact, my physical therapist that I use here in New York City, this name's Pete Schultz, a dynamic sports physical therapy. What they've started doing is they've got some kind of self-guided meditation and they put little sense on you to measure that you have decreased your sympathetic nervous system that your parasympathetic response is much better. In some cases, we've stopped, you know, at the last 10 minutes or so, a lot of times, Pete's will do icing. He said, we, we actually transitioned a lot of people out of the icing. Don't worry about the ice, down directly at your nervous system, and then they quantify it, and that's the kind of stuff I love, right? They'll show your heart rate drop down at there's so many different variables that they can measure, and we kind of like these quantifiable things. We like tools and toys for things like that, that can measure it. But, you know, I think it's a, I think it's a nice addition, and it's something, you know, that's kind of stuff that's used at recover, but different technology. Do you see that kind of take space in the fitness industry and beyond what we see in yoga or maybe some other practices that we have quantifiable in actual gyms and facility? Yeah, I mean, it's like, you know, the only problem with that, I mean, we're going to come in out with tools. I mean, you got the, you know, you've got, I've got a sleep app, you know, there's the aura, the ring, you know, things that look at quality of sleep. Now, the, the question that follows, and it's the bigger question is, what are you going to do with all that information? Now, we can come out with all the diagnostics and assessment tools, but the question is, is what are you going to do with it? Like, I had one of the trainers that works out of here, you know, she got one of those bands and she saw it's like, well, I guess I wasn't sleeping as much as I thought I was, right? You know, because, you know, to get eight hours of sleep, you actually need to be in bed really about nine, nine and a half hours in some cases, right? So my, my question is, well, what are you going to do with that information? Right? Are you going to, are you going to turn off a TV earlier? Are you going to, you know, stop cruising social media the last thing you do before you go to bed? Are you going to blacken out your windows and that, you know, that ambient light doesn't come through? Are you going to, you know, you know, all those things. So with all the diagnostics that can come out there, you know, whether it's in the gym or something that you do at home or, you know, it, because you just have that band on you know, and it looks at how much you're moving, how many steps you're taking, what your heart rate is, what your HRV, you know, and all of that stuff, but the question is, are we, are we creating an environment, are we adjusting our lifestyle to to address the information that we're gathering? So, I mean, yeah, I mean, every time I open the book or read something about the industry, like club industry, it's like, okay, well, this is coming out, well, well, how can we as personal trainers or trained coaches use that, right? Or what are we going to, how empowered are we now to use that information to make a change in somebody's life, and that's where, you know, I try to take more of a practical side of things because, I mean, I know you get it a lot and we get it a lot as far as, hey, I saw this cool thing, you know, you should I buy it? All right, well, it's a $200 investment. What do you want to get out of that? Right? How are you going to use it? How are you going to apply it? So, you know, the biggest thing is if you're going to start researching stuff, you know, like that tool that you mentioned that from your physical therapist, that's awesome, you know, how do you respond or where is an out and what, okay, so, so Rick Richie, what are you going to do about that? Because you're not going to hook yourself up to that thing every day or every week, but what kind of daily adjustments are you going to make to accommodate that information? But if there is one thing that I see a lot out there, it's it's more the sleep assessment tools. That's that's one of the biggest things that has been coming out now for the last couple years, come up with quality of sleep. So why we sleep? You mentioned that book. That was a big eye opener. You know, I have turned off the TV at 7 o'clock and then, you know, make my life adjustments there. But you know, I don't sleep scheduling thing, probably the best where I may not get my hours of sleep, but my schedule is spot on. I mean, without an alarm, doesn't matter 6, 6, 30, every day doesn't matter. My eyes crack open. I don't know if it'll be like that in the next one. When the lights change. It's like dark. I'll be closer to the chirp in here. It's like, it's like I'm in snow white in the seven dwarves when I wake up in the stress. Bluebirds coming in, changing. I'll be changing clothes. Exactly. Let me ask you one more question, but before we do, I'm going to put this out to the listeners that are live. If you have questions about recovery, regeneration, return to play, tools, you know, a handheld massage devices, anything like that. If you've got questions about them, go ahead and enter in your information. Like whatever question it is, our producer Greg will receive that information and is going to provide it back out to Ken. So Ken, what are some of the ways just when you talk to your clients and you ask the question, what are you going to do with that information? That's valuable. But do you provide guidance between what to do with that information? Are you asking them or are you, or are you in guidance and saying now that you have this, here steps are they doable? Are they accomplishable? Because a lot of people, they dream, they dream big and the dream big to take granular steps to get to where they're going. Do you put out some of those small steps that they need to get to before they can get to that big goal? Definitely. And this is where success is determined by managing expectations. So if they, if they want to shoot for the stars and they hit the moon, they're still in a better spot than where they are today. That's right. So I want to lose 40 pounds. I want to, you know, I've got low back paint, you know, whatever the issue may be. And, you know, so you have to investigate out of the 160 hours out of the week. How are they spending, you know, a third of that time where they're sleeping, right? And then the other two thirds of the time when they're awake, right? So how are they managing their time? What are their obligations? Right? Do they, are they a business owner? Like you. I mean, you know, you've got how many, brick and mortar sites and then what you do for her and a sound. Right? So, yeah. So, I'm broadcasting from here in the facility while I have it. With no end in sight on when I can reopen, but that's another podcast off together. That is also. So with their job with family, with social, you know, with all these other things that they have in their life, how are they going to fit this in? And so with some people, okay, let's say unfortunately it's like, yeah, the kids are going to be with their, with their mom over the weekend. So I have, you know, every other weekend and Wednesdays by myself. So some people might be, okay, that's when you're going to do your program. Okay, as much as we'd like this to be a daily implemented program, well, maybe three bulk sessions a week is how we're going to implement it, right? So, or some people say, hey, that transition between when I get off work and when I have to pick up the kids or before I have to get catch this train back home, these are some of the, you know, this is the pocket of time that they have. So, so definitely, they're going to, if they knew the strategies, you'd hope that they'd be able to implement, but helping them figure out on their own that way they own the solution. I didn't hand them the solution. They own it, right? So they're going to, they're going to want to, you know, just like, you know, when you have kids, it's your baby, right? And you have your responsible for your baby. So you want as many brain babies as they can have, you know, they're on because they'll they'll caudalate, they'll, you know, and it's, and it's just for me to help say, hey, you know, that's a great idea, but, you know, is there going to be this glitch or what are some of the foreseeable speed bumps that are going to prevent you from executing? So, however good or bad, their, their, their solutions are, whatever they can come up with, it's up to me now. My responsibility, this is what they pay me for is to help them figure out and tweak and adjust to make it fit into their lifestyle. So when it comes to recovery, and again, recovery regeneration, that's a new concept in the fitness industry, relatively speaking, right? As much as effort has gone into the last three, four decades into how to exercise, it's just come up lately on how to recover from exercise, right, or stress induced, you know, exercising, do stress, or work in your stress. So, so there's something valuable here too, which is the fact that exercise, how you exercise can be recovery, it can be regeneration, and some people think it's just foam rolling or stretching massage guns, but there are exercises that you do that actually benefit your ability to recover. Yeah, exactly. So that's so, yeah, that's all that. Even things like yoga, right? Yoga with the mindfulness aspect of yoga, your it's static pose holding, you know, depending on the instructor and the intent of that yoga session, because yoga can be pretty vigorous and challenging, right? And then it can be super relaxed, it's like, oh, man, that is exactly what I needed, right? So, so like you said, movement of different types is going to help facilitate the recovery regeneration process. Nice hair. Awesome, it gets to Greg and see if Greg's got any questions that have come through on our Facebook live, and we'll pepper you with a few things. Good, good morning, good afternoon, everybody. We did have a few questions in the chat. Hello, Shaqil wants to know or, as a question, that says, trying to get high school coaches to buy into the important recoveries difficult. Do you guys have any advice? Do you do that? Yeah, yeah, my brother is a high school wrestling coach and talking to him about recovery regeneration when he's, you know, he's telling me his startup routine, it's okay, we're going to work on this, we're going to work on that. It's all dumbbell work strength work, but for him to absorb and apply the idea of, okay, how important flexibility is having adequate and appropriate range of motion is, and then how to implement that into your team training is the biggest. So, it's not, you know, my experience with coaches, it's not that they're opposed to it. They just don't know how to use it from a team standpoint. But the other side of that coin is they don't know, you know, with strength and power, let's say, you know, Khalil Shki, he's up, he's at boxer that we talked about earlier. Master trainer, so he, you know, that's an explosive, powerful, you have to have good endurance. I mean, it's basically all that all bundled into one. So when the emphasis winds up being power and strength, it's talking about how you implement the strategies. So can that be something that you do as part of the pre-warm up? Is it part of the cool down? You're not going to box every day, so what are you going to do on your off day? So helping coaches find strategies is one thing, right? How are you going to fit it in, right? But then that leads into the second conversation that you have to have with coaches is what you're yearly program, what you're yearly plan look like? So if season starts here, what are you doing over here to set them up, to build up towards the strength and the power that you need in the season? But then how do you unload them post season? And then, you know, how are you going to pepper that in there, or sprinkle that in there throughout the season to help maintain it? So a lot of times they're not resistant because they don't like it. They just don't know how to do it, right? So those are things that you need to kind of share with them. So don't put something out there unless you know how to address it. Yeah, I think one other thing that goes along with strategy is that you have to put forth the effort to make it work. And if high school coaches already have their plans set out, it's really difficult to get them start implementing something new. And that's why to be honest, it's taken so many years, especially for traditional sports to start implementing more progress of training styles. It's because, well, my coach did this with us and we went to stand. Okay, all right. Yeah. But now we've got research that comes out that supports different types of training, the benefits that come from recovery and regeneration. We see certain implementations showing decrease in injury potential and resistance and resilience with injury. There's so many things out. When we look at it and we just have everybody do the same program you've been doing for the last 25 years. It is a disservice. It is a disservice to your student athletes. So take time, put forth the effort to learn what's new, what's coming out, what the research says, because you were job as a coach. Is it just to take what you learned from your coach 20 years ago when you were doing it and say, we were good. So let me do that with my people. You have to put forth the effort to look, study and address things that need to be changed. If that's going to take time, if it's going to take effort, if it's going to be difficult, so be it. But that's what progress looks like. Protect your students, get the best out of everybody and try to stay current with what's going on in the research. Right. Exactly. And one thing that one thing to add onto that is that when working with athletes, so if you're talking about high school junior high coaches, we have to remember that these guys are only going to be athletes for so long at that level. Right. So implementing strategies for recovery and exercise, we have to build the framework and the foundation for what they're going to have to consider for the rest of their lives. So if we don't talk about recovery regeneration, flexibility and importance of stability, now, it's for darn sure they're not going to do it later on because there's been plenty of 65, 55 year olds that are worked with that have been working out all the lives, but flexibility the first time they get exposed to it is through me. Right. And I didn't get to them until later on life. Right. So that's the other thing that it's really important for coaches to understand this as well. Yeah. All right. Great. What else you guys are? Yeah. James wants to know what are some of your best and favorite recovery methods, whether it's with tools or or things like ice baths, sauna, etc. You know, we did a roundtable on this not too long ago, but recovery tools like the high-priced high-performance, high-priced fear. So when we're talking about percussion and vibration, those have been a game changer to say the least when it comes to performance. So you know, if you talk about these high profile athletes and if they're carrying it in their bag and they operate at the highest level physically, why shouldn't somebody who works at a desk and behind the computer be able to feel the same level of relief that they do. Right. So when it talks about recovery tools, yes, ice baths I've done it and I feel a ton better. You know, I've gone to a rix place and done the you know, the infrared sauna and the you know, and I've taken my naps there, right. But you know, when you talk about the ability to have an affordable piece of equipment like the hypersphere or the hypervolves to where now I can use those tools on me. If I've gotten that tension at 5 o'clock because I've been behind the computer all day long and three or four minutes there do some mobility techniques while I'm doing it. Right. It feels like the data didn't happen to me and that's one of those things where Rick, you know, having having the normal tech compression boots and taking that nap and then going through the infrared sauna, it erased the three previous days of travel that I had done. So by the time when I went to your facility, I had done three days in Chicago sleeping in hotels, a radic schedule. I was wrecked when I got to New York and got to recover. I felt better. I felt a ton better and that was after using compression getting in that infrared sauna. It like erased the previous three days. And those are events. I'm not going to do that every day because I don't have access to it. But to talk about daily strategies using the hyper ice product line has been the game changer because I can get somebody involved with the right product to incorporate their strategy. Right. And this again, this is something that they own. If they are hip to the idea, have empowered them. I've given them the tools to actually do it. Right. It doesn't take long for them to feel the difference. Nice. I like it. I'm a big fan of their products as well. And just the folks there as a company, they're good people. So shout out. I'm proud. And and congrats on their recent acquisition of Norma Tech. That was a big play in the space. And I'm looking forward to see what else is coming out with those guys. Hey Greg, you have any other questions as we start to taper off to the very end here? Yeah, this one's for me and since I'm the producer, I can do that. I was actually interested a little bit in the sleep, the sleep monitoring that you were talking about. And how exactly I've used devices like that. But how exactly do you best use the data that comes from those two of them recovery strategies? It's good. Okay. That's a great question because it's one that comes up quite a bit. I mean, you can have the wearables. Right? There's ones that you put under your mattress. And basically what it's looking for is, you know, mount monitoring how how long you sleep, but also the depth of sleep. So when we talk about getting into that REM cycle. And again, that that book, why we sleep really goes into great depth on that. But, you know, getting to your question, you know, looking at, okay, what's the environment like? Right? So if for one, if your duration isn't that long, I go, why isn't it that long? And if I, if we can identify the depth of sleep, we want to look at, okay, well, what are we, what are we doing to help you do that, you know, is it because of alcohol consumption? Is it because you're eating late at night? The types of food, that affects the sleep. So those are all the things that we're looking at as far as, you know, the quality of sleep. Are you getting into the, was it three or four REM cycles during a night's sleep? But, you know, when we look at how long you sleep, where I have a lot of clients that, by that when I see them, they've had three hours of sleep that night prior. Right? So we can operate well, especially if you're in a decision-making position, you know, and then that just leads to other things like, you know, how's your blood pressure? You know, how are your blood profiles as a reflection of the quality of sleep that you're doing? So looking at things again, environment is, is it dark in your room? Are you cool, right? You know, did you turn off the TV? Did you shut down your computer? Just things like, are you meditate? Are you doing things? Some things that calm yourself down to now when you reassess after you implement these strategies, is there a change in the length of the sleep? And the amount of times you can get into that REM to that, into that REM cycle. So if you go from one time into that REM cycle, then that's no good, right? So next question is, what do we need to do to get to two of those dips and then three of those dips? Right? So looking at for one environment, the amount of time, are you just in your schedule, looking at July exposure and all of that stuff? So I mean, as you know, there's a lot that goes into it, but looking at the easy stuff, controlling the environment, managing your schedule, whether it's putting the kids earlier to bed, or, you know, you're your calorie consumption is going to be a big part too, right? Because not too long ago, I had little too much libation, too late leaving, and I felt that I had the worst sleep I've had in a couple of years, because that's not a habit that I usually incorporate, but it was a celebration and we're doing, but I suffered for it the next two days, right? So those are the things that you have to look at when it comes to sleep and how you monitor and what you monitor. Sorry, I said, but I think you also have to look at it over time and you know, exactly. You can have a bad experience with sleep, but that not have really been an issue at just kind of a situation that you didn't sleep well. So we look at everything as an end of one, right? Like you individual and for some people sleeping cold or sleeping warmer, like they sleep better for some people that that sleep with a, you know, they watch TV so get them to calm down at the end of the night so they can't versus people who need to turn it off. But it has to be seen over time so you can't just say, ever that one time I did this and this is one. It's best. It worked best time. It was a moment and there are blips like that that happened. So we have to look at, you know, patterns. We have to seek out patterns and if anybody's listening to this and you have some real issues and real problems sleeping don't come to a personal trainer for it. There are counselors that work, sleep psychologists, professionals that work and focus primarily on sleep and I would suggest that that you turn your focus and direction to that because ideally we're going to be spending about one third of our entire life sleeping and if you're not doing it well then I suggest that you see somebody professionally. Yeah, yeah and you can kind of look at the guidance on sleep is like personal training guidance for sleep is the same as personal training guidance for nutrition. We can give you general tools and recommendations but if there's, if I need to tell you how many calories you need you need to go to somebody else. That's right. Right. So and from a personal training standpoint, the way I look at sleep and the way I've looked at sleep for years is like if you haven't slept I'm canceling our appointment or if you've had moderate sleep instead of this power phase or a string phase of workout we might just be doing stability and mobility work that day because I don't want to give you anything too complex. I don't want to give you anything too intense to where if something just that one synapse and not fire. Right. Something goes, oh okay. That one got me. Yeah. So that's how I would use it from a practical standpoint. So my pre workout interview, what did you eat? When did you eat it? When's last glass of water? A couple of water that you had and how did you sleep last night? Right. So sleep is that has definitely become one of those pre workout interviews. Right. So when they're foam rolling I do the interview and that I can have what I want on paper to do that day but all that I can be out of the you know blown out of the water if they haven't slept or eaten well before the workout. Nice. Hey Ken thank you so much for your insights for being a part of this. Can you just let people know if they want to reach out and connect with you? Was it best way for them to do that? A couple of ways one if you if you email me at Ken.miller and I know I don't look like a Miller but Ken.miller at anusm.org. Ken.miller at anusm.org or if you want to direct message me through my Instagram handle that is at KJ FitLab. Kenneth Jeffrey FitLab. Yeah and that's for Instagram KJ FitLab. That's how you can get hold of me there as well. Excellent. Listen thank you so much for being on the show. I appreciate you. Thank you. So, and as a friend as a colleague and then of course your insights for being on here. Thank you for everybody for listening. My name is Rick Richie. This is the NSM CPT podcast.

=== FILE: The International Personal Training Market [MprD1WQiZIQ].txt ===

You'll see the NASM CT podcast with Rick Richie, the official podcast of the New York Times Medicine. GLYMF bodies somebody that works at the National Academy of Sports Medicine with me. And I'm excited to have a month because we did some traveling together and it's one of the things I want to talk about is the expansion that NASM is going through and what some of that international expansion looks like. So welcome into the show, Nathan, Highland, Nate, what's up, brother, how you doing today? Thanks so much for having me. I'm doing great. And yeah, what the difference the year makes, huh? We were last summer we were in Shanghai doing a podcast and things were quite different than current landscape. They definitely are quite a bit different. And I got to tell you, we had a good podcast when we were together in Shanghai. We had a lot of people on the podcast including Ken Miller who was on the show just recently. And so I'm looking forward to having you on because one of the things that was interesting to me is the kind of expansion that's been going on through that NASM has been going through. And it's something that wasn't really a strong push initially. And then suddenly we're there. I'm wondering if you're going to be joining me after we leave China to go to another location. And I think there was Thailand or Korea. And then you were like, now I've got to go to Turkey or Germany or something. I mean, you're all over the place. So tell us a little bit about your job. What it is that you do for NASM. And then let's talk about the, a couple of things. The expansion that NASM is going through and what are some of these other countries and these within the industry. What did they like about NASM that's drawing a bit? And then secondly, we'll get into discussing what, what they're doing and how they're handling the COVID crisis. Yeah, absolutely. All, all really dynamic stuff going on right now. Things are happening, you know, minutes and minute that are ever changing within the organization as it relates to international expansion. Dance your first question. You know, I, I've been with NASM for the past over eight years now. I think getting close to nine years. Of course, our organization, NASM has been around since 1987. You're, you're after I was born. So, you know, I've just been a small, small window of the overall enterprise that is NASM. But to your point, we, we really didn't have an official international department until by 2014. So we're really operating off of about six years of meaningful expansion beyond the United States and, and Canada. So it's, it's still all very, very new. Even though I NASM's well established organization where the biggest in the space, obviously we have the biggest market share, it's still, it's fun. It feels like a start up within a big organization. Yeah. Of course, our challenges, things, things shift. But you, you kind of hit the nail in the head. The demand for what we're doing here within our organization, kind of taking the best practices from the US and plugging that into the other 45 countries that were in. It's, it's never, it's never been more in demand than it is now. So that's the exciting part. Certainly tons of challenges. You know, I think I've added maybe six, seven, eight gray hairs to my hand, you know, I said, not that very this year. But it's, you know, we're, we're, we're making the best of it. We have super resilient partnerships with some sure we'll talk more about you've met a lot of our partners and a band of T-Sof training their trainers. So it's, you know, hey, look, it's, I know it's tough, especially, you know, especially in certain areas, but there's some exciting things happening too. So talking me through what it is that you think's going on, I mean, there's the expansion is real, the expansion is taking place certainly slowed down as of this moment. Yeah. Why do the international markets, why, why are they starting to gravitate so much to NASM? Because there are other brands that were here in the States that have expanded far before we did into, into these countries. So what is it about NASM that's allowing that, that market share to be taken place? Do 45 countries I had no idea. Was that many? So how is that working? What do they like about it? So even, you know, let's talk pre-COVID. So pre-COVID NASM would still in a meaningful way in more countries, certify more personal trainers globally than any other organization. That's pre-COVID. Post-COVID because now there's so much reliance on digital education, virtual training. And you know, hey, we do live education, you know, better than anybody I believe, you know, yourself included. We have the best. Thank you. After team bar none in the industry. But when you're talking about scalability and reaching more people to receive our education, you got to do it digitally. You got to do it virtually. And then, of course, when you can head to Optima, when you can do a live event through one of our partners, we can do one of our over 200 workshops here in the US that we typically have when live events are happening. You know, you do the blended. You want to have the live with the, with, of course, you know, the digital education. So to answer a question, the latter half of, of, kind of post post-COVID, the demand is there because we can give them all the tools that they need to plug it into what they're doing. In other words, they can take our exam, they can take our content and they can have their people study at home while they're in isolation, not able to go out. So that's really been a, been a big source of the Optic. So kind of following this, this quarantine time, if you will. Sure. It's worked for me. I've signed up for several NASM courses since the COVID data. I'm, what else do you do, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's been wonderful to, to be able to have some, first of all, it's been kind of cool to have a little sabbatical, but that got all after a week or two. And then after that, it's like, hey, man, I've, I've got to do something. And I, I need to stay on top of things. I can get some additional credentials behind my name. I can update my education. I can, I can, I can live it. I can walk that walk that I tell people, I'm a lifelong learner. I'm not, I'm not here just to get a certification. Show you the paper, get a pay rate increase and then flush everything that went into my studies. That's not me. That's not how I do it. So it's been, it's been good in that aspect where I can start taking in some stuff and I'm a zorbitant. I know you're doing the same thing too. And on a personal level, you are, you're, you're taking digital classes from people, you're hired digital trainers, talk us through what that's been like for you. Yeah, I mean, like you said, there's, there's a ton of new content that any of my students putting out, you know, just recently finished the CNC, which was awesome. Yeah. It was a nutrition coach, amazing course. Simply, simply beautifully done, start the financial update. We came off the virtual coaching, which our friend, Keardon, you know, it may help together which has been very well received in this time when, hey, people, people still interact with their trainer, if they can't do that, you can use a virtual medium. So that's been fun to go through. We just launched that. But outside of any SM education, you know, there's some really cool stuff. Our friend Nathan Helberg, who's been a part of our, an SM master instructor, training, he's been, yeah, as you, he's been putting out some fire, you know, some really, really good stuff. So, been training with him, doing some of his education, it's been a blast. And then mutual front of ours, Sarah, I call it the Kelnbell Queen, you know, training that's the right, that's the right number for her, that's the correct one. Yeah, she's been kicking my butt in the morning, just given me blisters all over my hands. I don't know. So it's, you really, you really have to, you're going to take one or two mindset store in this time, right? You're either going to feel bad for yourself, which I would be lying if I said I haven't done several times, especially in the beginning, being stuck at home away from my teammates, away from my colleagues at work. So here's stay there where you can make the best of it. And I think plugging in, doing education, finding things you're passionate about, you meaning to do, it's kind of doing it. And there's really no excuse, right? We have all the time in the world. So that's, that's been something I've been trying to do. Just check some education, off the list of them being to go through reinvest in them myself, both through any SM education and in other good content that's out there. Yeah. I love this because honestly, when we start working together to learn more, to study more, any SM has not stopped producing content. And that's one of the things where people can kind of fall back is instead of saying, hey, we're in a place where everybody is off. Any SM didn't take the day off. Any SM did not take COVID off. They've been producing content. I love that they came out with a virtual trainer course and our friend, Carrot and it has done an incredible job helping to put that together and be a subject matter expert. So are these things reaching into multiple locations? So I know that here in the US, we've launched those things. Are they, are any of these things going into some of these other locations internationally? Yeah, you're absolutely right, Rick. I do want to, when I give a shout out to the people on the back end, Greg Espazito and his team, you know, the, the market, the social media, it's been brilliant. I mean, like, I can't believe like the, not only the quality but the quality that we're turning out right now, it's really cool to see, you know, even trying to be as objective as possible, because I obviously wear the, I think I have some clubs, yeah, and I have some colors of probably we're doing some cool cool stuff between leveraging our master instructor team, our product team, and then of course our marketing geniuses go into work. So it's, it's been really good. And yes, we have been taking a lot of that content, that besting class content that we're creating and giving it more partners. Oftentimes, it hits them a little bit later, and they need to do some adjustments for their either because of translation, possible share, act as, you know, different, different funnels and needs to go through before it reaches their audience, but they are getting it, and, and it's being very well received. So especially stuff like the virtual coaching, you know, the, the US market, Canada, Australia, you know, there's certain markets that have embraced virtual training and have been doing it for a while, other markets, it was not existing. So of course, there's going to be a lag, there's going to be, you know, the lag, like if you're, you know, traveling south America and you're, you know, you're hearing, you know, backstreet boys on the radio, you know, you know, yeah, they did it. You know, it's one of your own songs, maybe, you know, I don't know, I can't do the math on my head that fast, but it's sometimes there's a, you know, there's a delay. And, but our partners, I mean, out of those 45 countries, we have around 20 partners that make up those 45 countries, they're just, I'm so proud of them. They're doing everything they can to embrace the challenges, make adjustments where there was no virtual medium, where there was no, where there wasn't anything outside of line that's all they were doing and how they're making adjustments and I'm very, very proud of those people. Well, you should be and I had the chance to go and meet several of the people, bringing that content live. We went to, uh, first place we stopped together was Hong Kong and then we went into Shanghai and we worked with some partners there to basically take the coaches that we're going to be producing the content and delivering it live like a live workshop. And it had them go through a course, let them learn a little bit about it, how we do it, what it is that we do. I'm going to, I'm going to shout those guys out. They are stickers. They are stickers. You say something and they're like, wait, wait, can you tell me because in the book on page 147, it is in this graph on this chart and it's just, and they will tell you exactly where it is. So you have to be careful. If you say an opinion, then you need to cover up that NASM sign and be like, oh, this is Rick talking right now and just try to explain it because if you don't, they will search the text. I mean, they are into it. They love it. They live it. They breathe it. They want to know more. And so what we did is we took that stuff from the text and say, okay, how do we make that practical application? How do we teach it? How do we turn it live? And then we have them teach it back to us. And at one point we were having them do it in their own language and what's interesting is that when you teach communication skills, what you do is you lay out things to follow. And people would follow those things as best as they could, but as soon as they start talking, many of the things in communication skills that you talk about go away and you're just going to autopilot. Yeah. It doesn't matter what language you're speaking. There is an iteration of um, let me see hold on. So like, and there are all these kind of filler words and you can catch. You can catch it. You don't have to know the language and feeding that back and having those conversations and allowing the peers to have that conversation back. I think we sharpen the sort of a lot of people who are there ready to go into teaching and saying it's not just about do you know the information, but how well can you deliver that information? And that speaks a ton to what you said earlier, which I think we have the best instructor team on the planet. And the reason we do is we spend so much time not just on the content, but on the delivery of the content. Solid work, man. Yep. And you're absolutely right. The level of fitness nerd that I think even you and I are, those guys, you know, in our, in our partnership communities, even more so. And they, think so. You really do want to wow you guys because you guys are, you are their role models. They see you in the videos. They hear stories about you. They read your bios. And you guys showing up, I mean, it's like the heroes welcome. You know, so they, they come prepared. They want to represent the name. They want to show you that they're ready. And it is really cool to see. The, the teach back methodology that, you know, Dr. Press Rhodes and, you know, an awesome product team came up with. I really like that as well. Because it's, it's one thing to observe. It's another thing to teach. It's another thing to teach. And then have those people teach it back to you. I think it's solidifies in the certain way. I think it makes it fun. I think trainers by nature are very competitive. So it's very, very high yielding in terms of results when we fall that format. And what we do get back to doing those live trainings again with the, with the partners. I think we're going to, you know, with tiny tweaks. We're going to continue to fall that methodology. It's brilliant. That's brilliant. Well, we did it. We did it with our instructor team here in the States too. So yeah. And, you know, like any programs, one of the things I appreciate about N.A.S. I'm so much is that even in our CPT text or our CES, we are always looking to update, refine and, you know, let's use best practices and let's incorporate some of the research and then provide a better course next time. Yeah. So that's what I think we'll, we'll continue to do. And I'm looking forward to, to doing that. Let me ask a question about training. I know that you are quite a proficient, just too practitioner. So how long are you away from, from being able to start rolling with people and, and, you know, are they going to, is it going to be face mask rolling at first? How does that work? I think they're going to design some type of apparatus, like almost like a lot of that. You know, I don't know, man. It's, it's one of those things. We, you know, Arizona, and I know every state's different. You know, your, your beloved state of New York, I know, is, is going through some hard times. Arizona, I mean, talk about two months ago, even, yeah, you have about two months ago. We thought like, man, for whenever reason we're impervious, we should like, you know, like, oh, it doesn't come here. And, you know, people are doing things, like, night clubs are open, they're showing on like national news, like seeing from scratch, though, Arizona last night. Like, I guess, Tom, total total face fun. And I think, you know, it was a little bit cavalier. I did do some training when the gym opened back up. We took a lot of precautions. People were very anxious to get back to training. And I think we kind of kind of beat each other up a little bit, kind of took the, you know, the two months that we were off and just smashed each other and grabbed. So, but, but Dan, you know, that with the governor's order, just a few days ago, gym's half the shot. And obviously, you can't, you can't socially distance responsibly and you just do unfortunately. So it's one of those things. It's been something I've, you know, I've still trained. I've been doing functional training with kettlebells. And then, obviously, following an SM OPPT protocol at home in my own personal workouts. You do what you can with what you have. But, you know, been reading a lot of books, jiu-jitsu books, self-help books, history books and anthropology, like just whatever, you know, because it's like nights where I'd normally go to practice. I'm just reading now. So I think as long as you're feeling that, you know, that healthy routine that you had before or something else, that's healthy, you know, not just, hey, go to the liquor store and tell you, well, what does what it's just drink? Like doing something it's still, you're still able to keep that routine because now when when jiu-jitsu does come back, of course, start going training again. I'm still going to read, you know, like I might read like six books a year normally. I think I'm at like 26 books now because like, wow. So it's, you know, you're going to, you're going to have to replace a, you know, replace it with your true love at some point. And I'm, I am excited to go back to jiu-jitsu. One of those things up, big time. Yeah, I think I'm like you, but with Netflix, I may be watch six episodes of something a year. And now I'm sure I'm at 600. So you finish next, next, it's complete. Yeah, right. So I'm, I'm trying, I've, I've actually my, the first two months was a wonderful, like, streaming, let me just watch stuff. And now I'm actually bored being entertained to buy watching things. I'm watching a series right now that I really enjoy. And I'm like, I just don't want to watch it. I just don't want to watch it. Now, I'll foam roll and I'll listen to a podcast and I'll stretch. And you still, I'd put the, it's a, it was my daily routine, my morning routine. I wake up in the morning and I'd foam roll and I'd stretch. And then I would start putting up like a streaming show or something. And I just watch something while I was doing it. Now it's like, I hardly ever do that. I'm just, I'm listening to a podcast. I'm trying to learn something. I'm trying to, to see if I can refine anything that that I say is I'm talking, you know, I'm like, man, that's a good idea. Let me see if I can bring that up at some point on on this show. It's been fun, but not. It's been scary. It's been challenging. There are a lot of things that are facing fitness industry. I mean, people in general, their, their tragedies that have happened and I want to acknowledge that. And what I don't want to do is limit how important it is that that people do the best they can at not pretending like it's not real, that it's not happening. It is real. It is happening. I lost a beloved friend to COVID. So I don't want to downplay any of it. Sure. What I do want to do is, it's talk about the challenges that we're all facing right now. And as we're looking at, you know, maybe we can get back to work. And we're opening a New York city. We're opening phase three on July 6. So phase three, gyms will open on phase four. And then the last week we found out that gyms will now open on phase five. There was never a phase five. There was always phase four, but they just pushed gyms back another two weeks. And that's going to be a struggle. I mean, think about it. It's not just gyms. I think about the martial arts studios, the studios, the fitness facilities, the group fitness locations, you know, big companies that are owned by large corporate entities, they're going to be okay. They can take that, they can take the loss, and then they can dust their knees off and get right back up and start running again. I'm really worried about what the future of fitness and all of these wonderful boutique fitness facilities that have opened the franchise facilities that are out there where people have spent their entire, their entire egg onto putting something together that they hope they can build and then retire with. And that's a concern right now. That's a real thing. You know, when we try to to make the best of everything and people are out there trying to becoming entrepreneurs and building businesses, NASM benefits from it too. Yeah. So NASM wants that for everybody. This market is valuable, but it is taken a absolute beating. I mentioned on my social and early on this phone call. I got my little plaque and my little addiction notice on one of my gym facilities. So I'm immediately reaching out. Let me talk to some attorney. Let's talk to the landlord. Let's see if we can work some things out. But these challenges are real, man. And the reason that they're real is because there is a real thing going on that we we still need to find a balance, right? There's a virus that's very dangerous and highly contagious and we still need to make a living and make money. So where is that balance come from? I don't know. Yeah, that's a big question. I mean, the tragedy and loss of life, obviously, that's, you know, there's nothing that you can compare to that. But, you know, there's tragedies and people losing everything they've worked for and the businesses that they're passionate about and give them meeting and help them support their families. Those are tragedies too. It's really interesting. I don't know if you saw, but a couple of gyms here in Arizona sued the governor for shutting down gyms as one of the three types of businesses that were, you know, that were to close. And I really do try to look at both sides of the argument. And I think this just comes from like working in a national kind, you know, being diplomatic, you know, there's of course always going to be friction here or, you know, maybe something happens, you know, different cultures, different considerations. So I always try to have my diplomat hand on and it's, if you stay at home and let the virus die people suffer. If you go out and to soon society starts again to soon people suffer, it's, it's really kind of a pick your poison. So it's, it's not like somebody's wrong. The answer as it usually is, is likely somewhere in the middle. I think we're learning more about this virus. I've learned more about viruses and more about, you know, COVID than than I would have expected, you know, at the beginning of one of your 360 books that you read. And, and you know, like I tried to, I, because there, this thing's become politicized that really has. And I do my best to take an information that is as unbiased as possible, because we're making really important business decisions, even within an SM, our own core business, international expansion, sure. You can only use the data that's available to you. But you know this, and I know this, and studying science, exercise science, if this study is tainted, if the information is disrupted or is not useful, you don't have a lot to go off with. You can only really go off of, you know, that data, you know, that empirical data that's in front of you. So, you know, it's tough, man. I get it. People are suffering at home. They want to be out. They're losing their businesses. Jim's, should be a place where not just physically, but mentally you're going to clear your head to get the, you know, the important, you know, the important neurotransmitters going and different, different hormones. It's critical, like like we're built for that. So I get that argument, but also people touching stuff, being around each other in the gym. So we're, we ought to learn more about this thing. I think we, we as leaders in the community, we need to kind of continue to be kind of the voice of reason and and bringing people together. Once things are polarized and communication stops, I think that's, that's what, you know, the extremist really kind of control it and we're not going to be solutions oriented. So I think we have solutions it's important, you know. Well said, the fact that you said you listened to both sides, that sounds crazy. That's that man. Wow. Nobody seems to be doing that. That's incredible. And when it ends up doing, when you, when you're left with listening to both sides, what oftentimes happens is you say, I don't know what the right answer is, which is why polarization happens, they, somebody wants to take action one way or the other, right? When, when you're left with listening to both sides, you are kind of stuck in the middle saying, I don't know because we don't know. There's no evidence. We don't understand enough. There's not enough data to make a, a conclusive decision. So we make any decision. And it's usually the one that we want to make. You know, that's, that's the gut decision. I, well, I want this to be the answer. So that must be the right decision. We don't know what the right decision is. We don't right, right, seek, seek first to understand. One of my mentors always says that. And I, and I really like we, if we can make decisions, even if it's not the right decision with the best of intent having laid out, you know, the best information in front of us, we can honestly pivot and say, hey, we, we tried that. We did everything we could. It's okay. And it is a lot of, you know, it's a lot of, uh, conjecturing. It's a lot of assumptions. I think of people who just looked through the lens of good intent. Like that person that you're so angry at for doing this, they're probably not an evil person that's new, fairytale trying to destroy the world. They, they most likely have good and that person also flips the lens and looks back at their neighbor who, who thinks this way, it, at least starts with common ground that, hey, look, none of us have the right solution yet, obviously. Let's start there. Let's know that, you know, we all, we're all in this together. We want to get through it. We want to find the right thing. And, um, you know, I, I've been seeing a little bit of that, you know, especially the fitness community. I think I think you do have a lot of people that are passionate and meanwhile. And there's been some really meaningful conversations coming out of the fitness community. So I'm proud of that. Yeah. Really, you should be. I am, too. Yeah. I'm, I'm very pleased to see what's going on. And, and I want to do this just as an example, I know for a fact, NASM, when it came to education, used to just put out content. And they would say, this is what people we believe you should know. And then NASM kind of take, took on this, what you're talking about, try first to understand. And they said, why don't we find out what people want to know? Yeah. And then we can deliver content around what they want to know with the science, put it together and say, hey, you said that this is something you're interested in. Let's deliver this. You know, trying first to understand what happened is that NASM made a really strong turn towards profitability when they started asking questions and providing answers based off of what people want into know. So trying to understand as a business was very helpful as a society. I think will be very helpful as individuals. It's going to be very helpful. It's the right move. Right. Yeah. And we could, we could do anything. You know, we really can, but we can't do everything. So if we're going to fill the funnel with stuff that we want to do to your point, let's do it the right way. Let's get the community involved with people that really matter, you know, and, and hats off the Mike Franagrassie in his team for, for enabling that exercise, and just creating killer products. I mean, they have been bringing in such good subject matter experts, you know, trainers that are in the trenches, then actually understand what the client, what their needs and once are different demands of the industry. So it's been so cool to see that process. And you're absolutely right. It's, we really do, you know, for the trainers that are that are listening, we truly do everything we can to give you guys something that you can use meaningful with your clients. And you know, that's fun and rewarding in the process. So we're seeing that a lot. That's awesome. Well, all right. So as we start to wind down our conversation, I want to ask a couple more questions. The first one is as this kind of growth and expansion is taking place and you've been spearheading this internationally. You know, where we are, where are we going to be? Let's say, without COVID being something that is complicating, what are the plans, what are the expectations? Or if you can answer with COVID, then let's do that too. But let's have a conversation on where we are and what the expectation is going forward for the next few years. It goes back to a point that you break. We have, we have some very good ideas about what we want to do. I think we're doing a great job of listening to our partners who are actually in the trenches and these developing territories listening to what they have to say. But we have a couple of different plans, right? Because we don't have all the information yet. We don't know exactly what's going to happen with COVID. How soon can we go back to live trading? So there's a lot of comfort and there's a lot of confidence that comes and saying, I don't know. We have some really good options. Yes, I feel very, very confident in that. Do I know exactly what are those going to be exercised based on all the little dependencies that happen? Man, if I can get out of just a ball of you to tell you that, I'd probably play in the lottery or play in sports bets or something like that. So it's, it's, it's really important to know that we have a plan we're talking to our partners. Obviously, Europe and Asia have just been growing exponentially even despite COVID. So there's a lot of interest. We don't have a very strong meaningful penetration into Central and South America just yet. I would like to see that start to change. Of course, there's a lot of developing countries there. There's some great trainers. I have some friends in Central and South America that are doing really, really big things. So, you know, specifically in Brazil, Brazil is going to be a massive mass of market. We're not there in a meaningful way yet. I'd love to be there. So there's some, there's some cool things that I think that I think are in the works and they're going to be coming. It's just, it's being informed. It's staying patient and it's being sure that we are we are unapologetically vetting every single option to make sure it's of the best interest of our organization and the people that we're going there to serve. Because, you know, it goes back to the point. We can do anything but we can't do everything. Even at ASM, it's a big organization with lots of resources and the great people. You know, resources are still finite to some point. We need to, we need to be really, really smart and calculated with what we're doing. That's awesome. Well, I'll shout out a few people on my international travels that I was able to meet. So Kevin Rushton, James Hosong, I just see there's some of the best people on the planet. It just salt to be Earth. I loved my opportunity meeting some of our international partners. And I hope someday, Nathan, wink to be back out there once, once we're not worried so much about COVID and see them again and meet some more of our international partners and get out there and start spreading a word again and start helping to develop some of these really incredible quality individuals that are out there, you know, doing the spreading of NASM and our content in those areas. Yep. And I'll see you there, Siddle. It's not an official, it's a win. For sure, we're going to, it's so important. I mean, you see the value I see the value, would it does for our organization to put boots on the ground and actually have the top of looking at these, be in the meetings, be a part of the seminars, which, you know, one of my favorite ever was when you and Andy Henley came along to South Korea. What a, I mean, I mean, I mean, you guys killed it. Like the way we set it up, we did, you know, like a little international ophthalma, that was, that was so fun and it was, it was really rewarding. Kevin has always such an incredible host, you know, does such a great job developing, you know, a lot of Southeast Asian countries. We're, we're going to be, we're going to be in a really nice spot if we continue down this trend. I think it's supporting those in time, you know, that are, that are really hurting just kind of taking care of the base level, making sure that, you know, our partners that, some of them are just hanging on, you know, and because different areas are different, you know, differently affected, different trainers have, have different needs, but setting ourselves up for a future success. And we're, we're certainly doing that. And I'm really proud of the efforts that we've been, um, we've been making here at NESM, it's been great. Well, there's been some expansion in certain ways. I had the opportunity to do a virtual conference in Indonesia, uh, for representing NESM. These, these things are, you talk about evolution, right? You talk about this changing concept, that, you know, just recently a camppladiator, uh, which is not international, but having the opportunity to do that virtually, uh, is, is that, is that expanding? Are you seeing this more and more internationally? Absolutely. Yeah, there's going to be, there's going to be just about every conference that would be going on in a meaningful way, live, has had to pivot to virtual. Well, I should say one or two things. The reader cancelling, endubbling down in 2021, or they're making a room. So a lot of them are doing more of that ladder where they still want to be able to bring people together. I mean, hey, look, nothing would be more fun to be sharing a beer with you, slapping you on the back. But if we can't have that, we at least have this, you know, digital, something that's not in real time, you're still learning, you're seeing a face, but actually being able to laugh together to connect, to still have, you know, this and that's something that, um, you know, comes out a lot of these virtual events. It's important. So I do hope that a lot of those industry leaders that are on the front lines doing live events, they continue to do those virtual events, like the one, you know, that you, they're going to be reassured. Yeah, thank you. That was awesome. And, and let's just do this, Greg, you got a really nice shout out earlier from Nate. So, you know, you give you the opportunity as we're starting to close up and see if you have any questions or comments for Nate for we wrap. No, I'm just going to hire you as my agent, Nate, after, after hearing that. I'm going to need that. So, if you're looking for a second career in representing people, at least with our management, I will be turning to you for that. But what do you, what I actually am interested in, and we have been at a whole lot of opportunity to talk about this, Nate. But what has been the most eye-opening thing for you being part of the international team and traveling overseas in terms of fitness, think that you may not see here in the US, but that you're seeing in the international market. Yeah. Well, first off, it brings me joy to be your head guy, Greg. I met everywhere. Absolutely, absolutely killing it. You know, I get so many messages from friends that I'm linked to an Instagram and Facebook that are that are just constantly throwing, throwing praise our way for the stuff we're putting out. So, great, great job on that. And I am very, very fortunate. I have I do unique perspective within the organization because I have been to, I've been to a couple dozen different countries now when I've gotten to see how they operate, what they're doing, taking our content, taking our blueprint of success in implementing it. And I think that there's one resounding, one resounding theme that I continue to go back to, probably, I feel like this late ball turned on probably sometime in 2019. People are different everywhere, the different customs, different ways of looking at things, different, different diets, so many different things. But when you put your hands up like this and you squat down and do the over-and-squat assessment, the normal, the normal discussions that happen are still pretty much the same everywhere. And that's the piece of humanity that I think I really wish every fitness professional got to see. People wear this, you know, this NSM logo and a lot of different places. There's a lot of people out there that are in this industry for the right reason to help their clients and it doesn't change with your time zone. It doesn't change with your company's border politics, policies, religion, way of life. And for that reason, it, like I've always been proud of this organization, I've always been proud to be a part of it, but that very thing was probably the biggest, biggest, biggest, mynne period time shift that I've ever had and done a thankful for. Wow, man, now I was awesome. Then I answered your question, Greg. It did. So, so fitness is our common language. I like that and appreciate the perspective of my friend. Here's the PR guy. Look at that, look at that tagline. That's awesome. Then it's common language and currency. So, first, look at common currency. This stuff just comes from me. I can't, I can't help it, Nate. That's awesome. That's awesome. Gentlemen, well, I appreciate that, that was incredible. It was deep. I appreciate those final comments as we're starting to wrap up. And as we do that, if people have any questions, they want to reach out to you directly. What's the best way for them to do it? How can they follow you on social? That stuff. Yeah. It, you know, for you should be a message. I'm connected to a lot of you guys on Instagram. My hand was kind of long. It's my full name, Nathan James Highland, H. Y. And Yankee, L. A. N. D. Nathan James Highland, feel free to show me a message. I do post pictures of my travels and new stuff that's developing with N. A. S. M. I, I stay in touch with a lot of people that way. So, yeah. Excellent. All right, man. Well, I'll be rich and out to you for thank you so much. I appreciate you being on the show and kind of going through an overview of what the International Approach for N. A. S. M. Hasbin and what it looks like. This has been great for me to learn from you on this. Big shout out to you. And just so you know going forward, we will not be doing an episode on Monday, July 6th. It's an extended weekend for us. So, that episode will not be there. I look forward to seeing you on, well, look forward to seeing you on the following Friday. If you can make it next Friday, we will be back at it. Thank you so much. This has been the N. A. S. M. C. P. T. Podcast.

=== FILE: The Science and Application of Percussive Therapy [NF_QIbh10Lk].txt ===

Hey, everyone. Another local live presentation here about the National University of Medicine, the National Historical Stalk, and I'm here with friend Robert, and today we're going to be talking about Perth of the University of the Science and App Engine. So thank you for being on the call with today. Take a few minutes here and tell everybody out to you who you want what you do, and a little bit about where you from, because you have an excellent background. And really appreciate the opportunity to discuss this topic with you today. My name is Tim Roberts, I'm the director of Science for Therabody, I'm a sports spy by Doug. I've fortunately spent 10 years with both from a research bowl, and then I think one need to treat that implication. I was with eight of us with the Gatorade Sports Science Institute, with everything from what's all the way through to the elite athlete. And it's kind of January time. I've joined everybody full time, director of sports science. And really the goal for us is how does science really impact every part of the business and kind of strategically executing that. And most importantly is what is how we impact both our education and innovation as well. Excellent. And this may be a little bit, I don't know what to show the right word. You're coming from Gatorade Sports Science Institute. I'm a member of you have a strong background in hydration. And I'm wondering if you're brilliant that to the purpose of therapy into the therapy and to the theory going to reach for you interested in that type of stuff that's things fluid dynamics and local tissue high injury. The component of it, I think as we go through it, I think when we think of because of therapy, there's probably a lot of different mechanisms happening. And those mechanisms lead to a variety of effects and benefits. And hydration is a key component of it. And so we're actively calling it. All right. So looking here at the slide that we have here's our little legend. So we're going to talk off with the tough stuff by defining percussive therapy. So there are such therapists myself. You know, I think I've taught I was taught in a different definition. But we'll talk about that when we're there. And then we'll look at scientific rationale of this, the application of percussive therapy. And then we'll look at the ongoing emerging research. And it will spend a good bit of time today, also looking at how that translates to application. I think this is going to be a big thing for the listeners or the viewers today is really starting to learn how to how to use these tools. I know there are, there are out of a mouth there, some people are getting some education on it. But I think it would be great to look at your perspective on that application. And then we'll also look at the landscape of this. So we'll talk about some of the different devices there and things that that make them different. So let's go ahead and come to the next slide. And we'll let you take it away with the. No, I think we want to include a couple of slides. When we get when we define what purpose of therapy is I think it's born to provide a little bit of background a little bit of cost and kind of be to it. So the first thing I wanted to discuss is kind of the concept of pressure. And that ultimately humans of under pressure has benefits and on the body for literally thousands of years. Whether that's kind of when a record massage might have been induced in in civilisation. More recently, two centuries, what we massage became more formalised to the Swedish influence. And I'm recognized as having legitimate therapeutic effects and the massage therapy association was kind of was was formed as well as kind of physical therapist using manual therapy, et cetera. And then when we think about the last 30 years and we think about the application of pressure, you've got all these types of devices and services, whether it's active release technique. It's I asked them and grasping and kind of instrument assisted things or whether it's even from rollers and those types of my of fashion interventions and obviously, call you've had a significant role in the research in the model fashion intervention as well. The effort some some part perhaps, but one of the interesting things I have about what role there's of use of different tools and tools. Whenever I was writing my book, one of the research I started digging into US patents and they were able to find the data all the way back to the 1800s or type of a role-wise. And back to the day, they were all used by a physician or a doctor or some sort of a therapist. But I think 1890, maybe 1891, their US patent filed, they called it an electric magnet or magnetic measure. So really back all the time, whenever people started to come up with a device. Not to, I know we only have an hour here and I knew I would do this and get us off track in my little patent search. One of the most interesting type of a study found was a who, you're familiar with who whooping, that had spikes, had spikes both on the inside of it. And these spikes were designed to massage the abdominal region and it probably was something of getting rid of the fat on the love hand or something too. But this was made to massage abdominal region. And that was early 1900s of patent was filed for that. So there's a very interesting history behind all of these tools and processes. Let's go ahead and click on to the next slide. Yeah, and the other history, which I think is really fundamental to kind of understanding what we're going to talk about today is that of local. And again, if you look back at vibration in general, it's incredible how long it's been you brought to your point with pressure in the terms of therapeutic effects, specifically kind of the medical side of things, and then more recently outside of that scope. Whether it's kind of, again, it's increased. Whether it's then being again, Sweden and kind of there, but they're kind of transition of taking these mechanical concepts and different settings and the introduction of vibration in the society. And then in the 1960s, obviously, another topic is whole body vibration. And we're talking really more about local vibration of low issues. In the 1960s, that's when they really started to do the research in terms of both animal models. And then also in humans looking at the effects of vibration on the muscle, on tenderness, and a connected tissue as well. And then you think about it today from kind of the last 20, 30 years, whether it's in physical therapy, whether it's in practice, whether it might be in spars in terms of massage, the use of mechanical vibration, and especially local vibration is quite common. Yes. And in massage, we were taught a vibratten technique or a vibration movement. I'm an L&T, I don't practice, but I teach my sons-op, everything. But we were taught at a local vibration. It was simply just shaking of the tissue, the muscle. I thought a couple different ways you could do it, but it was basically just shaking it. And that's one of those that, again, it's been used for more than likely, a hundred years of just shaking. We see it, I know it's a little bit, it talks about it a little bit more in the presentation, but whenever we look at it, it's analgesic effect or that, the pain reduction. We can, if we had some sort of a, if Bumpur elbow on the dough, if you just shake it, that local vibration, have a pain modulation effect. So it's really been used. I think it's intuitive. So it has local vibration on painful spots. So, you know, great history. We're too emotional, but we just do intuitively. All right, so let's go ahead. Go ahead. So you're absolutely smart on it. It's that natural action to apply pressure and to rub it, to cause vibration. It's interesting how humans we've evolved to do that. And now, as a research continues, we start to sound like why we do that. So kind of understanding that history, kind of guides us to kind of where we are in terms of, in terms of to therapy. And I think it's helpful to see this on the screen and talk about kind of, as because it is a relatively brand new modality, where did it come from? And so in terms of its kind of invent and with in Theragon and kind of the because of therapy modality itself, our founder who's a chiropractor, Dr. Jason Werson, it came over here, obviously, understood the concept of pressure and the concept of vibration in his clinic and the application to patients. But then when he suffered an injuries, he wasn't getting the relief or kind of, or as much relief as he wanted from those stimuli at loan from pressure and vibration. So he'd set about kind of saying, well, is there another way? If I have his vibration tool, could I also simultaneously apply more pressure and kind of through that? And then as most innovation does occur through the synthesis of different ideas, coming together, he started experimenting with other mechanical engineering. Hardware tools. So instead of what's been designed for the clinic setting, was there things that he could find in his tool, which might actually be able to apply to the body. And so as you can see from 2008, which is now 12 years ago, because it therapy really isn't associated with being around that long ago, he was tinkering and playing to find a solution that wasn't really meant to be a product, but it was meant to kind of help. And it's evolved to the point now where we have the modality of because of therapy and we have these kind of very advanced because of therapy devices. And I think, that's kind of the origin story. And I think that goes to the next slide. And kind of completes the story. We think about what is because of therapy in it. For us, we define it as the rapid of evaporation of pressure, specifically perpendicularly, and we can get into this a little bit more as well. But and that because of stimulus, actually causes the tissues that you apply to actually experience both your own pockets. So that's really for us, the key definition and the origin story through the history that we just discussed. And whenever in my testimony, we were taught a purpose of stroke and there we called it to Potomac. And it was one of the five key strokes and the five key elements sounds creepy to me. Five key components in sweet just massage, but we would oftentimes are we were taught, you could do it in my ways, but if you use the older and the aspect of the hand, and it's just a string motion, and you could use different hands just striking and we were taught that, I believe they called it hacking, I think hacking. If you have your fingers loose, whenever you do the striking motion, each finger will come to hit the finger below it and that creates the same evibration as well. So by having fingers loose and striking this way, in massage anyway, they said it was a combination of percussive and vibration. And I think it worked quite well, but the obviously the advancement of technology and being able to develop devices to do this, I think you can really amplify so much. And so much so, I think it can also get us different effects. So we can take it to a level tour or actually stating to tissue much differently than a therapist could with their hands and go and back to those older devices. I remember stories of the Clark Club, the founder of NASM's OPT model. They said that he also, I wanna say this is maybe mid to late 90s, but don't quote me on the date, would take a jigsaw just from home depot or whatever, and put a rubber stop around the ends so basically just like you were talking about there, taking from something from the tool shed and trying to use it. Yeah, your application. No, and I think I'm very fortunate that my wife is also an LMT and the department which you discussed, it's interesting that you described the way that you hold your hands in different positions. And we'll actually talk about a little bit later in terms of application. It has carry over to how you change kind of this area or that there's impact with the body and kind of how we think about attachment in the application thing a little bit later. Excellent point, excellent point. Let's move on to the point. Yeah, so with this slide, in terms of the definition of because of therapy, I think it's important to call out three key components that separate it from either being an indivrecious stimulus or an individual kind of vibrations stimulus. The first component to call out is the amplitude. And when we think of amplitude, a lot of people most about this is just the distance the head of your intervals, that I think the amplitude is. But I think it's very important that it is that, it's also important to just the direction that it travels as well. Because when we think of vibration, vibration is simply kind of the oscillation of movement from an equilibrium point in the direction. An amplitude for us is because of the therapies is perpendicular to the body and it's of the large amplitude as well. So when we think about local vibration research, it's typically being done in very small amplitudes because of therapy because of the mechanical engineering has become more advanced to be able to allow us to have these larger amplitudes. And freeze in your amplitude effects, not only the pressure being to the body, because it is perpendicular to it. But also kind of eyes about vibrations stimulus. We think about that the next component is going to be, see, obviously this is how fast is it moving. So how many times per second is that? Because the stimulus of being applied to the body. And obviously that is relative to causing the tissues of the vibration and then lastly is the torque. In dividing kind of mode past, you have a torque which you might be able to override and the torque is really how strong the motor is. And if you want to be able to simultaneously cause pressure and vibration to the body, you need to have the high enough torque to be able to apply it with that noise. So I think that compliments that definition and kind of describe some of the kinds of these devices. On the amplitude specifically for the the therapy, and do you know if different amplitudes were tested? Or do you know why it was settled on the half inch amplitude? Yeah, it was kind of over the years. Several different amplitudes were tied and it, and when you have the tune it also has kind of repercussions to finding the right that can actually create that amplitude at the frequency as well. And we're doing it with enough torque. So when you put that at these components, they actually kind of synergistic together. And so the amplitude for us, it was about and for Dr. Jason, as he went through that progression, was about what is it to get as much amplitude as possible, while still being able to create a frequent stimulus as the torque. And then what amplitudes are we seeing have therapeutic effects as well? Kind of as we looked to kind of advance what the product is. Okay. Do you, would you say that greater amplitude is better? Is this a greater is better? So I personally have a greater to the point that it can still fit into a usable device. So we, we actually have some research. It was what we compared a device with the amplitude it is to a competitive device with a small amplitude. It was, this was a, a post-apresentation and an abstract question for ACSM's meeting in 2019. And in that we sure that the effects that we're being measured were blood flowed and fluid distribution changes. And we did see the add device with the amplitude as well as the high torque was actually able to elicit kind of live effects a little bit longer lasting. So it came to the blood flow. And it seemed to be able to alter fluid distribution where the other device didn't personally. We need, we need to do more research. But to me that's very encouraging and it kind of leads to the kind of conclusion and the hypothesis that the larger the issue, it's going to elicit greater effects. And we need to now test this in some of the other, we'll discuss shortly in terms of muscle tired, neuromuscular function, the protective effects against soreness et cetera. We voted that in blood flow, but it's very encouraging and it says to me that amplitude polyplasia is a significant role in that. OK. Do you think, well, let me, let me preface this by saying in our formula research. I've taught foam rolling for a lot of years and it's, it's very challenging. You have to teach somebody how to put the role on the ground. But they're laying on top of it. And roll. You may not understand right now but once you practice a little bit, you'll get it. Put anyway. So for years, we always as harder was better. You take a harder roller to go on a travel. It's going to use more layers of tissue and it's going to be more advantageous. However, as we're getting into our research, depending on the population, we started learning that that's not necessarily the case. Sometimes the roller is just her two bat. So whenever it comes to amplitude, you also think there is an aspect of personal preference. OK. Yeah. You'll start the question there. Yeah. Absolutely. I think what you have to recognize is that while the amplitude of the device is constant, you also are in control of the device and how much force that you are. So in terms of the actual, let's call it, the pressure and the tissue experiences, it's a product of both the amplitude and the force. So I think for us, and we'll talk about this a little bit more. When we talk about the way that pressure and vibration kind of elicit and stimulate mechanoreceptors and the location, those mechanoreceptors are some of our cutaneous, some are a little bit deeper in the muscle. I think we can talk about only personal preference in how we use it, how hard we push, and how much pressure they experience. But we can also talk about how we might change that on purpose to potentially elicit different effects. OK. And I guess the on the birth from birth from birth from side two, the different attachments can have a big influence in that. Yeah, and we'll talk about the attachment a little bit later in that application side. But I think it really comes down to, again, personal preference. But very purposeful design in terms of the surface area, the density of them. And we know that obviously changing serve is a change in the density of the attachments. Then also, altars that that tissue will experience. OK. Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. I think I have too much. OK. Yeah. So this is kind of an intro slide for us, as we dive deeper into the science. And it really to set the second thing. When we think of the researchers being done in pressure and vibration and the history of that and to your point, the patterns that have been over a period ago, and the research has just been done over the last 100 years. And we think of the casserole being, in that case, a relatively new and research has not yet called a and spruce. When we think about it, the scientific rationale that we build that helps us not understand how we explain the effects of because of therapy, how we apply them, but also how we ride our own research strategy is really built around pressure and vibration. That's a scientific rationale and how we approach it. And very good. We kind of accept that, while that rationale is going to help us educate and it helps us kind of really channel where we go and we innovation, et cetera, and education. It's not good enough. So we're proud to say that we actually have come 20 on-guring studies across a lot of academic partners and that we also have many more that we're in the planning stages off because we believe that while we've been rationale now, we want to go back and prove it in terms of progressive therapy. And it's exciting that some of the emerging research that we do see the same effects as pressure and vibration, but we also start to see that with the because of therapy, they might be a little bit greater as well. And you go back to some of my award-winning massage therapy training. So we were taught differences between pressure and our progressive therapy in fiber. And two key things. One, percussive therapy was to be more direct. So it was like a more direct type of a movement. And kind of like you were saying, too, that would be a more perpendicular to the fibers. And vibration was taught to be more of a, I don't want to use the term global, but it's still local to the muscle more than just that direct, because it would be kind of the shaking and stuff like that. Another part of it, too, was that we were taught that vibration was more consistent. But a vibration type of a therapy is something where the tissue is being continuously moved as with percussion. There would be a strike and then a momentos. And then another strike and a momentary pause. The however to your point as well, we see that the effects are going to be very similar. Now we could take with the progressive device and be more direct and more specific than the end of vibration. But so a little bit different in the application, however, the effect of the therapy, like you said, very close to the same. No, absolutely. And what's really interesting, in terms of the LNT, we kind of, I guess so ahead of the technology side of things is the LNT is limited by them being a human. And so now when we add a device to that, in terms of the recursive nature of the force or the vibration, one thing that we can transitive stimulus and actually the frequency of some of the vibration who whilst the direction of the force and kind of the application, however, is in the same direction as the recursive in LNT worlds, you're now can do that at four times per second whereas your hands move up fast. So this is kind of where we have this real integration of these effects. Yeah, excellent. Let's go on to the next slide. So as you already aware, the in terms of when we look at the effects of from as an example with pressure or the vibration, it can be any complex. Can you can go into some new, neuromuscular physiology and when we kind of edge this topic, our goal is to kind of tell a story which is digestible that trans-easily application. So as we discuss it, just come to the overview, is we're going to put the physiological and neurological responses that we see from pressure and vibration and our research and because of therapy as well, then we'll discuss some of the benefits and effects of those and then kind of we'll take it to the conclusion. It's like how does this all, why does the science matter and how actually apply it? So that's kind of how the narrative of what we'll discuss if you want to. To the next slide. So in terms of theological and neurological responses, what we believe is very important. When you look at the literature and we discuss because of therapy and we're observing that most of these defects are sorry, these differences in the body of logical and neurological, and they're actually in the local tissues themselves, but there's also global global risks that are occurring as well. And I think obviously, you're very familiar with your research. We can kind of run through, we can kind of discuss that, the idea of local and global effects, but then we can through these as well whatever you want to do. Yeah, so whenever we look at some of the effects and I'll move my formerly research stuff, we looked at quite a few things in relation to it. I know it was much about percussion, so I'll just relate this a lot to the vibration and we can kind of take it from there. And I'll just put a couple of different things. So with formerly industry, that mechanical effect and that physiological molecules going to be the rect tissue change of compression, and then the neurophysiological is going to get influence on the nervous system. And whenever we started to add in vibration, we started to see a greater neurophysiological spots than the mechanical response. And I was also, you know, as well with the percussion. And I know we have a couple of the studies on the next few slides there, but what do you guys look at as far as that, that goes on that neurophysiological versus the mechanical. Yeah, I think we've kind of followed the same track as you discussed, because we had to build a rationale for what research we're going to look at. And I think the way to think about it is that Chiro probably has some pathways and mechanisms and so does vibration. And so when we think of kind of these stimulus and we think of the mechanical receptors, and we think of effects of those, then we can kind of start to explain some of the things we're seeing in terms of reduced muscle tone, not only from it, and when we think of it in that neurophysiological thing, perspective reduced muscle tone in the limb that's being treated, and then also in the control actual limb. And whether we're seeing things that changes that we might relate to autonomic nervous system, kind of your personality, nervous system, and kind of that overall global relaxation compared to being actually that kind of local tissue and having that change as well. So that's been our approach. And really it's the set on the screen of the different responses that we believe, whether it's through our own research, or whether it's through looking at pressure and vibration, we believe are responsible for the effects of with the custody therapy. A quick question, so whenever it comes to percussion for custom therapy, I believe it is often, maybe it is actually true, that it is more of a simulatory type type of a therapy, like we would use that a percussion to stimulate or upregulate a muscle. What are your thoughts on that? Does it realize the same amplitude of the progressive therapy? Yeah, so my personal belief in the kind of hypothesis looking at all the science and the available information we have is that it really is down to the application. So if we focus on it and kind of from those effects, if we focus on the stimulation of the macanarceptors, we know there's some macanarceptors that kind of reside in the cutaneous tissues, some of them are a little deeper in the muscle tissues, some of them are found more towards the origin insertion and tenderness tissue. And these different receptors, some of them will respond very well to vibration, some of them were some of them were respond very well to pressure, some of them. And so when you kind of look at it, you can say, well, if I target this area of the tissue, I know that vibration is most likely to have, like Francis's if we, if we target insertion, we might target prosinute corpusules in terms of vibration, the GTO in terms of applying pressure and then see some sort of elicitedness. And when you look at the very complex local vibration literature, by applying local vibration, you can see both inhibitory effects where we look at reducing the total tone, relaxation, increasing range of both, but also you can see very stimulator effects as well as you described, where you actually look at French and Potentiating the Stratory Flex, which is obviously involved in kind of sports performances, capture it. And also you start to see some increases in cortical spinal excitability as well. So motor evoked potentials and the ability to elicit force is actually also affected. And so it's kind of an agole now for our research is kind of digesting all of that research, being our own research to support it and comparing to your point. If you apply the because of therapy here, what's the effect you will elicit if you apply it in a different area, can you do it? And can you create it? And what we believe is that because of the nature, because of therapy, because of the understanding of the responses of the body, we can actually use the same tool, both from a recovery and relaxation perspective, but also from a stimulation generation from physical activity as well. Yeah. And I'm going to add to that. I think a lot of it has to do with treatment time. So if we look at some of the research on neurological disorders and post-surgical research, we see vibrations use quite often, but it's usually a very short treatment. So we'll just do real quick vibration and then relax. Real quick vibration and relax. And that is thought to sort of upgrade your latest issue. However, we could, and I'm going to, I pathological highlight this a little bit here, we could take the exact same settings. We wouldn't have to change anything, things in our tool, but apply that same treatment for longer. And I believe that we would use the same reflex mechanisms, but whenever you hold it over time, it actually fatigues them. Instead of regulating that, that stimulating them, again, or receptor or reflect, we can hold that to where we fatigue it. And then we get that opposite effect. So I think treatment time plays a play a big role in that. Yeah, 100% agreed. And it's really what's, everything you've discussed and kind of discussed before is really guided how we talk about the application. Because you're in control of some in the, with the because of therapy tool with the theragon, you're in control of different variables, duration of treatment, location of treatment, and most of it later. And just a couple of them, which we kind of change, based on what the effects that we're trying to create, and based on the needs of digital, the demands of their training or their needs from our recovery standpoint. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And one thing I wanted to add to this slide here, where we look at talking about the bullet point on the cano transduction and Davis's in my experience. So we have used these types of tools, massage and foam rolling. We would focus on some of those other things, such as the stimulation or the relaxation of the cano receptors, pain modulation. So we would combine those with something like movement. So whenever we start to apply, any of the sends corrective model, whenever we apply it's like staching or muscular stretching and movement, that's where we can start to take advantage of Davis's law, which is the re-aligning of soft tissues along lines of stress. So what I would say here, where I guess it's a question too, do you believe or have you all found that this in itself can re-align scar tissue or re-align reformage direction, or apply this with other modalities or to achieve that effect? Yeah, no, no, no. I think for us, it's actively pursuing how we, if the cake can be a passive tool for it, but at the same time we believe that it creates a window of opportunity to create an environmental exercise intervention, which allows you to do that. And I think when we think of the cano-transduction, anytime you apply these mechanical forces, obviously stress, tension, stretch, and for us, and vibration to the tissue, you see mechanical, transduction in terms of, you start having these biochemical signals, which are they can be related to inflammatory responses, or they can be related to kind of your protein synthesis, kind of your structural adaptation path as well. So for us, we think, because you now have a tool, which you can apply substantial mechanical forces, so we're researching, does this end up have enough of it itself to create this imposed demand for Davis's law? And if so, then you have kind of that double approach. You have the ability to passively do it, create a window for that active system in the box. And I think it's an excellent way to put it, a window of opportunity, so if somebody, not that we work with people in paying our fitness professional, shouldn't somebody in paying our science scope or practice, but let's say somebody has a sort of something there. We could use the tool such as this or a professor of therapy to provide a window of opportunity, wonderful way to put it. And then we can reestablish better movement patterns within that window. In all of the kind of transduction ways I like to describe this is it's the body, the body has a cellular response to mechanical force. So for those of you who don't know what mechanical introduction is, it's that the body will have a cellular response to mechanical force that's applied to it. So that is mechanical transduction, if you're going to sit and take the sim test. Let's go ahead and move on to the next slide. Yeah, so those are the, of some of the physical neurological responses that are occurring and kind of talking more from a mechanistic standpoint. But when typically when people think of, because the therapy devices, they're good, you're actually thinking more about those observed effects that you see. So whether it's reducing, you pain and so on us, whether it's protective effects, which I just discussed a little bit more decreased muscle tone, improving passive and active range of motion, neuromusic performance, and so on. These are the, once we understand the mechanisms, the effects that they are listening, if it's of these, it's really this group of slide which then drives, okay, well, how are we going to use because of the, with our client, with our athlete, and to make sure we get the most out of the tour. Colour quick, just to talk about the protective effects, what's really interesting is that, if you look at the research on vibration itself, if you've made vibration pre-exercise, there's actually a decent amount of research showing that it can actually attenuate the soreness and the reduction in range of the, you typically get post-exercise with an eccentric stress. And they've not only done the reason looking at kind of those more applied functions, such as pain and range of motion, but they've actually looked in terms of the biochemical markers as well. So if we know that therapy elicits, that it causes the tissue to vibrate at a frequent, you can start to think, this is another one of those ways where you talked about stimulation and relaxation in terms of using the tour, you actually could potentially not only reduce the pain once you, or the switch you have it, but actually maybe kind of reduce the sleep experience by actually using it as part of your warm as well. So for us, that's another kind of, from the rationale that we've built for the sting mixture to it, and that we are now pursuing on our own research as well. Excellent, that's very interesting. Sort of related, I remember our old foam rolling study, and I don't remember exactly the areas they, I say really old, you know, 2005 or something. I don't remember the exact areas, they wrote that they found that rolling or exercise is delayed fatigue. So the, in their control, or the comparison was holding a same position, as you would with the roller, but that roller is same to delay fatigue, which kind of seemed interesting to me. I don't know if that study was ever repeated. It's interesting to me. Between that study and kind of the studies that we look at kind of like vibration and having these protective effects, I think really you can hypothesize that if you can't turn neuromuscular function, prior to exercise, maybe increase blood flow, the delivery of oxygen, which we know are occurring as well. Then it's those mechanisms, which then potentially, whatever the absolute load of that training or exercises, it may actually reduce the relative load, and potentially that's why you see fatigue kind of reduced, and maybe that soanness as well. So that's as a scientist, that's kind of what I hypothesize is really happening. Excellent, excellent. All right, let's move to the next and talk about what these are. Yeah, so obviously we talked a lot about the bit rationale, the ongoing research that we have, the, the, the, the, the, we're both some pressure and vibration. And kind of really wanting to highlight some of the things that we've done and that we can share. Obviously, research is not a very quick process. It's a slow process, and we've got some fantastic, fantastic partners that we've worked with. And really our astralid years, we obviously want to confirm the mechanisms, confirm those observed effects that we know with pressure and vibration, and that we see anecdotally with the therapy. We want to, we obviously want to optimize education and our education. And then obviously we want to identify key use cases. There's a lot of research in partners with vibration to reduce tremor. There's post-surgical intervals that could potentially benefit from because of therapy. And so that's got what drives us. And to highlight a couple of these on here, we have a gracious shift with Professor Eddie Joe at Cal Poly. These are two student posters on the slide that he just presented and he's actually currently writing up the manuscripts, but he was able to show that because of therapy using the third one was actually able to increase active range. We knew we had research previously that showed it, it reached passive range of motion, but now we can increase in active range of motion as well. And then also he did another study to confirm first that we have these increases in blood flow of to 10 minutes post-men. And also this alter the hemodynamic so the oxygen saturation of the muscle as well in terms of, and obviously that is a really interesting thing in terms of preparation for activity. Obviously, flow of muscle oxygen is part of why we're pop and trying increased blood flow, but also it has probably implications for the recovery zone and delivery of nutrients, et cetera, and increase of venuous return post-exercise as well. So real quick on these whenever I was looking through through them and thank you for sending the student to me. A couple of the studies you did, you two minute treatment time in the other two used a five minute treatment time. Do you know the reason for the difference? So first, as you know, when research is incredibly difficult to approach an area that has almost no research for and to do it in a strategic manner, we want to look at, let's say, what effects and what mechanisms are we doing, but also we want to be able to kind of systematically change variables as well, does it have a different effect to earlier compared to treatment location? Does the direction of a patient compare in kind of the movement that you actually applied onto the actual body of the results well? So currently a snapshot and because so much ongoing research, our goal is to try and create that systematic approach so that we can start to loosen. So you know, two minutes and five minutes, they're exactly the same, but 30 seconds and two minutes you might have kind of a different effect. And so, and then the similar thing is to do that research when you're in both pressure and vibration, you have to account that they might be having different effects as well. So it's a fun challenge to have and it's something that you'll see over time that as the body of literature on because of therapy and crannus, there are body leads that. We'll start to be able to kind of call out very definitively why we approach certain things certain ways. Now that's great to hear because that's been a huge, I would say it's a huge problem in foam rolling. You know, after a decade of research with a cup of consensus on methods, the end result is a whole one formation that people don't know how to use. So you have people out there rolling and it looks like they're trying to stir in between the roller or their later whatever and you have other people that spend 45 minutes rolling and not saying that either way is right or wrong, but I think it's really important, especially as you're growing in, you know this, I'm just kind of repeating it. But it's really important to establish those solid methods with something like percussive therapy. Like you said, there's so many different variables. I imagine it will take a while to really try to to roll it down, but ideally we need, we need a perspective application. People in the same for rolling too. So it's all these types of treatment styles. Fitness professionals need to know when and how to use the pre-ectors. They need to know, they am not there with a mythist, they also need to be exactly what setting. They want to know what setting to put how long to do whether they want to need to hold a position or just kind of massage. So they need to know during the break, they need to know exactly what setting, how long it's three to time and wish they need to know those exact things. So I know you're running on that, but that is one of those that have been very fortunate to work with Dr. Scott Cheetham, because he is an excellent researcher, but that's very important to him. Can you really grow a body of research if you don't know if you don't have consistent. So I'm good here. I don't know. And the fun challenge is that I think it's always a balance of taking the literature as it is and what's that is a design and really trying to pull the principle point. I think what we're trying to do with our research, but also it's also using the researcher on preparation, it's start to pull out these prints in the way that we use the device, build our research around those principles as well and confirm them, kind of really kind of feed that synergy between research approach, but the education that we can, as we research time, I'll point, methodology issues in the way we approach research. We didn't approach it, way we could wait 15 years and still not exactly exactly what is the optimal. Yeah. We're in this way to do it on rolling, we want to know why it will end up beyond us. We don't know why. We won't know until we have those consistent methods in sort of being repeated. A couple of little things about a few of these and I know we're, we have 14 minutes left here, but on one of the studies here, the blood flow response, and the leaders of fluid distribution, the findings were that the G2 Pro had a larger and longer lasting effect than the other one. And you were talking a little bit earlier, is that because of the amplitude that created effect? So that's what would be what I hypothesize. I kind of, we saw those significant effects and those significant differences between the G2 Pro and the competitive product. And when you look at products and you compare them, the differences in the amplitude and the torque. So it kind of between those things, if you, when you lower the amplitude and you lower the, or obviously we describe what we believe because of therapy and what we define because of therapy is, is that repetitive application. And when you reduce the torque and you reduce the amplitude, you start back to more of that vibration stimulus. So it, to me, when it's effects, when we see one device, and the theragon, altars fluid distribution and the other doesn't as a trend to that, when we see the significant difference in the increases in blood flow and the duration of that increase, to me, I would conclude that is due to the amplitude, but research would have to confirm that. Okay, okay, great. All right, let's go to the next slide. Yeah, and so we can skip this slide quite quickly and jump to the next one, but just to create a few things. When we, obviously talk to a lot about mechanisms and the physiological neural responses, we've talked about those benefits and effects. And I think this is the key. I think when you think of all of them, you put it together, as fitness professionals, you understand the individual needs of your athlete or your client. You understand the demands of their training and their actually guide some of the application and if you skip to the next slide. And this is kind of, so when we think of those individual needs, they could be a limited range of how it could be, they have some sawness from their last work. It could be that they've got some movement that you want to correct. So we know the effects you can increase from ocean, you might improve neural dysfunction, we can increase blood flow, we can reduce that sawness. It could be that that guides you that this is how your client, your athlete, uses it pre-exercise. And when we talk about exercise, it could be your training, it could be a rehab perspective, it could be an improvement mobility session, but that kind of really drives it. When you think about during, and the effects, whether it's to mitigate fatigue, it's during a workout, you might still want to prepare for whatever exercises are next in the program. And then post, walk about kind of individual needs, meaning where have the muscles of just being you at workout in that training session, what can I kind of try and maximize that local recovery in terms of reducing the tension there, promoting relaxation, increase in blood flow, et cetera. And obviously from an SM standpoint in their corrective exercise, when you think about it from a pre standpoint, it really is a myofascial intervention in its kind of essence, and can be used in that inhibit kind of process before you kind of go through that continuum. So a couple of things on there. What is, what is there about these stance on the, we know there's gonna be a slide on the, the edge, the edge, the edge, the edge, but, is yours for on themselves, or do you guys approach it by teaching fitness professional how to use it on the client or the athlete? Okay, so you kind of broke up a little bit, but I think I have offended the question. So, for obviously we have third-minute university, we have our professional education courses, which we'll briefly touch out at the end. Conor, for us, we believe that Pococopy is really within the scope of practice. So an LMT course where they should be using Pococic therapy on the client, because that's within the scope of work, whether if you're an athlete trainer, we have a medical practitioner course and physical therapists could use that, but it's gonna come out later in the year, but from a personal training fitness professionals, Australian commission coach, kind of our education course built around, teach the client and the athlete how to use it on themselves. But use it on themselves in the appropriate time, in the appropriate areas, in the appropriate way, to make sure they're interested in the effects that they want. Okay, good to hear, good to hear. On this, this pre-during and post right now, where they're specific, is there a specific protocol for each, on the, because on this particular, this particular unit, there's a, you can set the frequency to several different points of view, recommend right, you know, higher before lower after or anything specific. So, I'll answer that question, but if we actually flick on in the conscious of time, if we flick onto the next two slides, and quickly talk through that, then come back on and answer that question. Oh, sorry, it'll be on the slides up, so I can answer that before we go on and I'll repeat myself a little bit later, but when you think about all the research that we discussed in terms of pressure and vibration, and because it therapy and that overall body of literature, it certainly does guide us in the terms of pre-exercise. You should probably use shorter durations, because you're not gonna fatigue that neuromuscular stimulus, you're not gonna create kind of that fatigue and that re-exaciute more stimulatory to improve your restriction. So, we'll use shorter protocols. We might use an increased amount of pressure, which are on the newest, therogen devices, you can actually have that pressure gauge. So, we know that if you're applying greater pressure, you're probably activating your muscle spindles, and that sort of things versus the very cutaneous mechanics accepted. And we'll probably treat muscle belly, but also the origin in zersh and because we know different mechanics sectors that are there. So, that's kind of the purpose standpoint, whereas from a recovery standpoint, when we look at that body of literature and try and pull out those principles again, it's, well, we might wanna kind of move slower. We might wanna apply less pressure because we know those cutaneous mechanics that are related to your prosthetic response and causing relaxation, as well as increasing blood flow to the area. So, very much that those effects and the understanding of the science, which drives the way that we apply it in that pre-juring or post-windle. Okay, okay, excellent. And on the post to, I found the treating using it, but I can't think of the entire muscle and kind of a rhythmic motion seems to have a, a little bit better effect on that recovery because it can kind of help flush or move around a little bit more, go ahead if we use that term. Yeah, no, 100% and if you again, then you tie in some of the new expertise from an LNT background and we talk about particular techniques that might be used in fact at drainage. We know that we know we're through vibration and pressure, we increase the local blood flow, the full increase local blood flow, we know that then you just return our strength increase. But then if we actually act to the movement and the direction of the pressure in a certain, potentially, and this is again, we have such a wide bucket of research that we want to do potentially, you ought to increase that with the fatigue drainage, just start to have those positive effects as well. It's very, very versatile. This slide, I think people who probably being kind of really, as we discover, other things, when we talk about the post and pre-juring and post, these are just some of the, the whites, like some of the examples, we're about protective effects on us, we talk about returning from injury, maximizing recovery, improving a warmup, and just some of the reasons and when we know we see this in effect, you might want to use because it therapy in different, in different time points to try and help the client help the athlete. Excellent, and I won't slow us down here, we can go to the next slide if you're ready. Yeah. A lot of the throughout today, we've discussed the variables that we control. And we've discussed that, yes, you've got amplitude frequency and torque, but you also can change how much you actually applying with the device. You can then change, we discussed earlier, the attachments. So the attachments all come very specifically when it comes to shape and density. And obviously when you change the shape and density, you change surface contact, like the surface area in contact with the skin and you change that precious stimulus. So whether it's personal preference, whether it's targeting certain areas of the body, or whether it's trying to elicit certain responses from touching more of the muscle, more of the tissue at the same time versus a very thin point, you can change that. Specifically, with the antivisacy, you can change the grip, purposefully designed that, obviously, when we think of rolling, we think of my official interventions, it can be challenging to reach it in most parts of your body with a foam roller, or across ball, et cetera. But the idea is that with because of the therapy, you have a versatile tool that you can actually use by yourself because of the ergonomic design to allow you to reach pretty much all of your body in a very comfortable way, without stressing you, stressing you joints to reach it. And if we skip on to the next slide. And then again, other variables we've already covered is the speed in which we move. So how quickly you're moving across the body, you talk to people and foam rollers trying to kind of light a fire because they move so fast. But we can, when we apply because of therapy, we can actually change fast, removing might thinking terms of inches per second. Action in the location of it, and then also the duration. So, and when we take kind of that, obviously today's introduction to the science, and we expand the product more in our courses, but what are the kind of our understanding of pressure of vibration and now our emerging understanding of the process of therapy, you can start to pull that science out and really use these six principles, six variables, in which we can control to drive that application and change it for whatever the needs are that the athlete has. Excellent. Real quick question on the attachments. Do you, in your education, do you recommend that somebody people start with, like the same attachment or a specific attachment to get used to it? Yeah, so, I kind of second, in our second, our second terms of softness is called our dampness. So it's not the very softness, the super soft, but the dampness got a less dense than some of them, and it's got a kind of a moderate surface area. So, again, because of the therapy, this is very new modality. Some people have never experienced it. It can look quite intimidating to some people. So, by starting with that attachment, it allows people to kind of experience it. And we also kind of simply say, it's to kind of quit it on the body to start with. So, if you can, if you, as you hold it, if you simply float it and kind of experience, what is this device doing? How does it, then you can kind of play and learn yourself in terms of how do you change that force? Okay, change an attachment to something with the smallest of the area, what are the effects as well? So, you can change the dynamics too. That's an excellent exercise, and in a very popular instrument assisted soft tissue, manipulation course, one of the first things they do before and in this occasion, they're teaching the therapist how to use the tool on the client. But the client or the patient hold the tool and do what they call just like a feathering technique, just to experience it and get used to it and learn that it's not really gonna hurt them. So, that's a great approach, I think. And then another question on some of this, I know we're kind of short on time, but we can go over a few minutes. When would you suggest somebody change it? The head there? Yeah, the arm angle. So, as we discussed kind of right at the beginning, when we compare, when we define what because of therapy is, it's this application of pressure and rapidly perpendicular to the body. So, again, the goal of the arm and being able to rotate it really kind of from the versatility standpoint to be able to treat yourself. It's for people at education. What it was, it started with live education, personal trainers and LNT terms of professional courses. There are four hours in the, you'll get continued education units for, from a number of different fitness associations. And what we're doing currently is we're also building out a medical practitioner course. And these, you look on our website, Therabbody.com and then Forks Us, Therabon University, over the coming few months, you're gonna see this launched. And not only will there be digital courses available, but virtual distance learning, as obviously in the current situation, live courses, again, at some point in the near future as well. So, our goal is not only to, when it comes to a professor therapy device, what is this modality? How do we understand it? And how can people really truly get the best from it? And then also how can we help people in the fitness community by offering them extradication and the opportunity for those continuing education credits? Excellent, that's wonderful. And whenever I worked in products or live on a product side, the people would often buy something because it looks cool or they heard great things about it. But if they don't know how to use it, then they're not ever going to really understand they're not going to get that full benefit. So that education piece is huge to help people learn all the different things about it. Like the way this moves and the different grips, I never, and everyone across the mind of all these big different grips to go along with that. So, that is excellent. Greg, see that you're back, do we have, I'm hoping we're still on, I don't know if we all got cut off and we've just been chatting here the past couple minutes, which would have been fine. I haven't been any questions or anything that come through or do we just need to wrap up and give the offer, the promotional offer? We did have a question come in from the group. And they wanted to know a lot. I got there. Are there any areas that you should avoid using for cross-ex therapy? Yeah, no, absolutely. I can start calling and you can jump in. And I think, there's a, the author's name escapes me. I want to say it's a cavernar. I don't know, but they published kind of best practices in terms of my fashion interventions, in terms of precautions and contraindications. When it comes to things like foam rollers, things like any other of those myofashual into kind of myofashual intervention tools. And for us, we believe kind of very similarly. So example, like if you have an open wound, you shouldn't do that. If you shouldn't kind of use it on kind of then for the neck or genitalia, you shouldn't kind of use it on any previous injury for a certain stage of healing and several other precautions and contraindications. They're listed in that paper and that we actually teach in the third university courses. Yeah, I grew in the author's names were Chitum and Stahl and it was published in. It was published in the International Journal of Sports Physical Therapy. Are we did a recent one? It was a clinical commentary part, one of a clinical commentary where we tried to take the information from us and some other things in. Yeah. Directed specifically to foam rolling. I'm sure there's some other, not the area where we did have one school. Yeah, that's great, not it. I completely agree. You know, anytime there's some similarities in the body and I guess I wouldn't say if you think it's a bad idea and it probably is a bad idea to jam this somewhere. So I would go with that. I also use the client if a client's not comfortable doing something because whatever the knee hurts and so we want to do it by the knee then don't do it until that's great. Anything else to come through? Yeah, when do you want to know are there any long-term effects on the body if I do in Professor Therod? Anyone? Long-term effects. Yeah. So that's a very interesting question because again, when we look at how we approach research and astrategy for a new modality, oftentimes you focus on the acute effects, what happens immediately rather than what's happening? Kind of long-term from regular use. The way I would describe it is that there's some indication that kind of long-term vibration as a stimulus in certain people with certain conditions, et cetera, might improve neuromuscular function, as it almost looks as training effect over time. We don't know if that's the same because of therapy maybe it is. And but also, it repeatedly using because of therapy in the ways that we describe today has the potential to improve the training stimulus. So if you think about long-term as this because of therapies at all to help preparation for exercise, and help recovery for exercise, overall then you have this training stimulus which is potentially over time going to be improved, and you potentially will see greater benefits adaptations. So that's kind of the current perspective I would have on long-term effects of because of therapy, but again, it's certainly an area of research that we need to pursue as well. Yeah, that's wonderful. And I think it's important to recognize that this is a very important tool, but it's only one tool in an overall training program. So as long as we're using it intelligently, we're going to see long-term effects. We know if we're just using that by itself. Maybe, maybe not. But yeah, great answer. Yeah. I know we're going to move on now. We, for all the people who've been listening today, we have a couple of things. The first thing is that if you want to, we have the new Thuragon Pro and Thuragon Mini. So we have a package of both of them to give away. So if you've been listening and you want to add a comment, we'll randomly select one of those, and kind of will then reach out to you and get your details. So we can kind of ship you. Ship you the product as a thank you for kind of participating and kind of listening today. And then you the thing is, I can't see the slides anymore. But we do have a slide that we will put up on where for everyone listening, kind of for the NSM audience. If you want to use the code, NASM20, you'll actually be able to get 20% off kind of any because of Thuragon products from Thuragon.com for the next 72 hours. Yeah, it emphasises the next 72 hours. And I am a terrible host to not have mentioned today, giveaway and for people to listen to the end and put in their name. So terrible, I kind of excited. But to read it, it erases their NASM20, that's NASM20 at Thurabody.com. 20% off for the next 72 hours. And Greg as far as the new week goes, are we, will somebody be able to, there it is, will somebody be able to comment after we end this, knowing that we're 10 minutes over and then we can contact them later. That way. I guess. Excellent. All right, so we're going to go ahead and wrap up here again, make a comment there and we'll put you into a drawing for the giveaway. Tim, I want to thank you very much for your time. It's a wonderful idea. I've learned a ton. Is there anything you'd like to add before we sign off? No, just thank you very much to you, yourself. I call and then obviously Greg, which no one else can see in the background, has been a technology guy helping this kind of run smoothly. So thank you very much for the opportunity to talk with you today. And then the last thing really is if people have any questions or further follow up, please feel free to reach out to me, my emails, Tim.robotsatthurabody.com. So if anyone's interested in kind of learning more about our courses or this got questions about the science, please feel free to reach out. Excellent. Thank you very much. And yes, thank you to Greg for all your work on the back end. And if everybody that's stuck it out to the end of this, thank you for your time. I hope you guys much of it as much ad. But as I did and I hope you all have a wonderful day.

=== FILE: The Science of Stretching Boost Performance & Prevent Injury with Smarter Techniques [f4eKRv5eTaA].txt ===

On today's episode of NASM, CPT podcast with me, Rick Richie. I explore how to understand different types of stretching. Now first of all, we go through and we talk about the difference between mobility and flexibility because that's pretty big right now and there are a lot of people that asked those questions, so I addressed that. Then we talk about different types of flexibility and the techniques that go along with it. The professional techniques, static stretching, active stretching, dynamic stretching as a form of functional flexibility. So we review all of those, what they mean, what they might look like and how you can apply them to yourself and your clients. So make sure that you like, that you follow, subscribe and leave the five-star review. Now, here's the episode, understanding different types of stretching. We're listening to the NASM CPT podcast with Rick Richie. Winner of the Share Care Emiel Ward for Social Storytelling and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey y'all and welcome to the NASM CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie and I'm going to answer a question as I was looking through the questions I get asked and I was like, oh, okay, I think I hit that one and think it that one. And so I get all the way down to a question that was asked in February of 2021 by Jason Aluus and I thought, well, let's let to answer this question. It says, hey, I'm struggling big time on stretching. Well, this will be a little too late if you were trying to study for your exam, but I realized that I missed it. So swing it back around trying to address it. I'm struggling big time on stretching flexibility. What is dynamic? What is static? What's the difference between these? Well, you'd be doing a podcast on that anytime soon? No, I will wait years. It will be years before I discuss this, Jason. But here we are. So it's not going to help you out probably, but it may come in really handy for a lot of other people that are listening. So let's get into what we're going to talk about stretching flexibility, what is dynamic, what is static, one not address there, a couple that are not addressed there. I'm going to actually address. But first, let's talk about flexibility and mobility. And I think that's important because you hear a lot of people talk about flexibility and mobility and oftentimes they're used interchangeably. And oftentimes that's okay. When somebody doesn't have range of motion somewhere and they say that I don't have the flexibility to do it, that may be right. They may not have the mobility to do something because they don't have the flexibility to do something. So let's talk a little bit about those two things and then we'll start breaking down some of the other component parts that exist. Now, flexibility is the ability of the soft tissues and that's muscles primarily. But ligaments and tendons are going to be included in that. It's their ability to passively elongate or stretch. Now, sometimes I'll take it passively out because there's also flexibility includes there's different types of flexibility. There's passive flexibility and there's active passive and active both. Well, a lot of times mobility will be seen as something that is a hindrance when it's done actively. But mobility tends to be more focused on the joint's ability to actively move through its range of motion. So I've got flexibility which is oftentimes passive flexibility or active flexibility. Now there tends to be a shift towards looking at mobility as being active flexibility. But our active flexibility to move through its full range of motion is something that we want to do and this can be challenged. Without while you're looking at things like flexibility, we're going to look at stability, we're going to look at strength. So do you have the strength to move through a range of motion? And any of the symptoms of uncovering this content for years really focusing on the active and passive range of motion at a joint. And there are different types of flexibility techniques in the way that we instill those things. And Alabama is in that came out. I've been in New York for 20 years. I tried to say instill and I said instill and instill is something. Those are I L L E L L E A L words. Those get me every time. All right. Let's talk about something kind of interesting. So when I was a, when I was a lad, I was able to do the split center splits. I would do the front splits and on both legs, I'd have my brother, my older brother. We'd take the school books and stack them up and then I'd put my front foot on the school books and my brother would push me down. So it's like an inverted split. Can I do that anymore? No, no, the answer is no. I cannot come close to that anymore. You don't use it, you lose it and it's been lost for a long time. Also, Jean Claude Bandam was big at the time. So I was definitely doing the center splits between chairs. That was a, that was a big deal. I had to work towards doing the Bandam splits between chairs. But here's what's interesting. Um, in the presidential fitness test, there was a sit and reach test. Where you take both of your feet, you put them in front of you. There's usually a box that they would measure this and test this. So you put your fingers on the box and the lean forward and you would slide this, this dial forward and it would tell you how far past your feet that you were able to go or how close to your feet without touching your able to go. So you got to kind of like a positive or negative number. Or if you could get to your toes, the bottom of your toes, that would be a neutral number. Well, I failed that miserably still being able to do the center splits. Still being able to do an inverted a hyper flexibility. Deep split front legs on both sides. But as soon as my legs came together and my feet were dorsy flexed, I had some real issues with my neural flexibility. Now that's not something we're going to spend time on really. But I will say this when it comes to stretching your clients. I see a lot of people, they might stretch their clients and they put their leg on the shoulder and they lean forward and they pull on the knee to squeeze the knee so it's locking their leg against their body extending the knee fully. And then they reach up with this power clamp and grab the toes or the ball of the foot and just pull into dorsy flexion, I would scream my face off as somebody done that. And here's the thing, that's a nerve being stretched. And if you stretch a nerve, the first, first thing that's going to happen is that every single muscle surrounding the nerve, their job is to protect the nervous system. So they are going to increase tenacity to try to keep that from happening. So my question that I propose to you is, do you think that that will help flexibility or hinder flexibility? Because here's the thing, nerves don't like to be stretched. And so when people lock out someone's knee and then they pull into dorsy flexion and some people can do it, have several clients that are very flexible and they, it's still a nerve stretch for them. But it doesn't affect them. It's not a stretch like it is for me where I will absolutely help. Now the reason is when a nerve gets stretched, muscles lock down, nerves don't like to be stretched. But they can do something, you can do something called neuro dynamic stretching. Now this is not something that is within the scope of practice for trainers to do, but I think it's important that we know it's real, we know it exists and that we can also cue people to do a couple of things that does affect the nerves because and every movement affects the nerves, every movement involves it. It's just putting pressure on nerves is a big, big, big, big, no no and you got to be careful. You hurt somebody that way. Definitely outside the scope of practice, you want to be real careful what you're doing and also holding a static position, nerve stretch. Nah, that's not going to fly. So just stay away from that. What I tend to have people do is if I do that, I'll get them in a nerve stretch and then I'll just actively have a Dorsey Flex implant or flex. So they're going to pull their shoelaces, their toes towards their face, and then they're going to pull back and point their foot away. And I have them actively go through that. We're going to get into what some active flexibility techniques look like, but this particular active movement is a neuro dynamic stretch that I have people do actively. Now we also have something, we used to call it SMR, which is self-myofascial release. And then we kept SMR and we changed it to self-myofascial rolling because it does seem that there's not potentially not a technical release of a muscle that happens. And now we tend to label it SMT, so self-myofascial techniques and there are different types of techniques. Generally, we will go into the technique, which is a static. Myofascial technique, where you're just on a foam roller, you find a spot that's achy, you find a spot that's a bit tender. As long as it doesn't pulse, numb, tingler, shoot, you're probably at a decent place. You can stay on that spot and let that muscle relax. You hold it for about 30 seconds, allow auto-genic inhibition to take place. And then that muscle should relax. Almost feels like it's melting on top of the roller. So that's a good technique. There are active versions of self-myofascial techniques that you can do as well. It's like a pin and stretch, which is a very good technique that I use as a massage therapist too, where I'll pin a muscle and stretch it with my hands. This you're able to do it on a roller. It's a great technique, something that can be implemented with you as a trainer, coaching your clients on how to do it. This episode of the NSM CPT podcast is brought to you by NSM1, the membership for trainers and coaches. Members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the edge app to schedule and program clients. Enjoy half off all certifications, specializations, and free CEUs and more. All of this for just $35 a month. Go to NSM.org slash membership to learn more about NSM1. So that first technique that we really talked about was self-myofascial techniques, foam rolling, and using things like a foam roller, using balls and different techniques that are different tools that are designed for foam rollers. Now what I would avoid is anything with a client that isn't designed for self-myofascial rolling and self-myofascial for instance. This is kind of more of a legal thing than anything else. Immediately, let's say you're using a softball. I used to really love using softballs that are practice softballs, training softballs because it got a little bit of squish to them. But if anything happens, that doesn't go well and things can happen sometimes. And if that were to legally go to to court or whatever it is. And the first question to ask is the tool that you use design for doing what it is that you're trying to do. And you say, you say the other side argues, no, it's a softball to design to hit with a bat, not roll on your leg with. And then immediately, most likely, side it for the other side. So I would definitely say if it's not designed for it, be real careful what you're using, they have plenty of, of course it's going to mark it up. It's going to go up really high. But you can take their companies that have taken the crossballs just labeled it as a self-myofascial technique tool. And then you can say, okay, yes, that's what the design of this is for. Just, I would say, just pay the extra and get something just for your safety. That is marketed and designed with my facial rolling in mind. Great. So now let's move on to static stretching. Static stretching is also going to use something called auto-genic inhibition. It is where the receptors within a muscle within the same muscle are also, they're causing them to tense up and they're causing to relax. So what we do is we see this as a 30-second hold is generally what we get. So you've got the muscle spindle, the muscle gets stretched and the muscle then tensions, because it doesn't like speed of stretch, but it certainly doesn't like, oh, a certain amount of stretch and your nervous system will gauge that in different ways and that will change over time if you practice over time. So you pull into a stretch and not cognitively, but your muscle is just going to say, I don't go any further than that. Don't like it. I'm going to hold still. I'm going to lock it down. I'm going to contract. If you hold for 30 seconds, that generally allows the Golgi tendon organ to measure the amount of tension and give it time to compute as to whether not that is dangerous for you. And after about 30 seconds, usually the GTO goes, I, we're good. We go. You can relax and then the muscle relaxes and then what do you do? Jerk, you go right deeper into a stretch. That's exactly right. You're going to go deeper into the stretch. The muscle spindle is going to be like, and then it's going to contract again and you're going to wait 30 seconds and hopefully the GTO is going to be like, all right, I think we're good. We're safe now and then it's going to relax and as soon as it does, you, yeah, can, yeah, I can't believe you did it again. Yep, you're going to go deeper into that stretch and that my friends is how you focus on increasing range of motion at a joint. My friends, this is what static stretching is designed to do. It is designed to increase range of motion at a joint. It is to increase that passive range of motion, your passive flexibility. Flexibility is an all-in-composing term that includes stretching because self-malfacial techniques don't necessarily include stretching. You use rolling on the roller. Rollin, rollin, rollin on the roller. See, you're going to roll on that roller and the muscle is going to go through autogenic inhibition and it can help to increase range of motion. You've now become more flexible without stretching. Flexibility isn't always a stretch, but it does include stretching. It can include stretching and specifically if you want to increase range of motion, static stretching is the option that will be very beneficial. The purpose of it is to increase range of motion. I did not increase range of motion, able to do the splits. I didn't do it by thinking about it. I didn't think myself into the splits. Wish, wish that were an option. Because you can be like, I wish you could do the splits and build up what there it is. No, I stretched a lot. I did a lot of static stretching and there are a lot of different organizations out there that say you can increase range of motion without static stretching. I'm like, yes, you can, but you won't be able to do the splits without static stretching. I don't know a single dancer or martial artist that has increased their range of motion by actively going into it. This is something that you really work on increasing range of motion at. Now, I will say this too. This is important to point out. Unless you're a martial artist or a dancer all that stuff, you don't really need to increase your range of motion outside of what are considered the norms. I'm not going to go through the norms chart and tell you what the range of motion are. I'm just going to say this. If a muscle doesn't need to be stretched, then you don't really have to stretch it. The muscle doesn't need to be stretched. Then that's not something that you need to focus static stretching on. If you don't need more range of motion, static stretching might be off the table from what it is that you're looking to do. However, active stretching going into the next one, active stretching is something that's very important. I do active stretching series with the clients and include some static stretching with clients almost every day. One of those would be like, all right, what we're going to focus on hip flexor active stretches or active flexibility. What we do is the first of all it uses the concept of reciprocal inhibition. That's the muscle on one side is contracting to try to get the muscle on the other side to relax. I might go into a kneeling hip flexor stretch and do a posterior pelvic tilt and squeeze my glute. My glute activation is leading to decreased LEO so as activation. That reciprocal inhibition, something on one side and inhibiting the thing on the other side. Usually you can hold from one to two seconds some research focuses on even longer times that you can do as well and just do for 5, 8, 10 repetitions and just tuck hold that position back up. Go right back into it. Tuck, squeeze the glute, hold for one, miss the B2, miss the B. And I know that a lot of times the missippies get thrown out and also this goes for the static stretching as well. We look at 30 seconds and LEO used the one to skip a few method to get to 30. You'll go into a stretch and like I won 2, 3, 4, just say I'm going to say 30. Good. And I know because my clients do it to watch my clients they tend to be awful judges of how long 30 seconds is 30 seconds flies by when it comes to their rest and 30 seconds seems like absolute eternity when it comes to e-moms and when it comes to stretching. So with that being said, you all hit a timer. Get your clients real used to hitting a timer. Most people a lot of people have smart watches, a lot of people, if they don't have smart watches, got watches that show second hands on it and just have them do the full 30 seconds for the static even if you feel like that muscle has relaxed, allow for the full 30 seconds to take place. And then you can move into the active flexibility. Now what I like about active stretching as a flexibility technique is that it focuses on giving strength to your new found range of motion. So let's say I've been doing that hamstring stretch. We talked about static stretching. Well great, but if you don't use it especially, you don't use it actively, then you tend to lose it. So how do you use it actively? Well what I might be doing is a kneeling hamstring stretch where I put a leg out in front of me, my left legs in front of me, I'm on the knee of my right leg and I'm stretching and I'm doing that passively, 30 seconds. Well how do I actively stretch that? Well you can lie back on your back and you can pull your knee towards your chest, hold the hip at a 90 degree angle and then just actively extend your knee as far as you can extend it. That is an active stretch for your hamstring. That's an active stretch for your hamstring. You can do it while standing. You can do a straight leg raise which is active stretch for your hamstrings. Where you can go to a 90 degree bend at the hip and then work on trying to build up to a full extension at your knee. And these are all excellent ways that we can try to build active flexibility. And there are all sorts of active stretching techniques that are listed in your textbook. So if you want to explore what those are, then go back to the book and you can check out more when it comes to active stretching. Now the last thing I'm at list is functional flexibility. Now functional flexibility is just really your ability to be functional in your movement because the range of motion is there. Well that includes mobility. So one great example of functional flexibility, squats. Well do you have the mobility to go into that range of motion? Do you have the flexibility to go into it? So functional flexibility, can I do squats? Can I do lunges? Can I do pushups? Can I do it overhead press? All of these things? Where if you get somebody and it's hard for them straight. I had trained one of my guys today. Very, very tight in his shoulders. A big mobility issue. But some flexibility issues as well. Can't take his arm straight up over his head. So we work on what's going on with the tissues surrounding. Now mobility is more what's going at the joint. Does it roll? Does it spin? Does it glide? And I don't see what's happening with him as a mobility issue. It's really a lot about whether or not he can go through that. Now I'll test it actively. I test it test it passively. They are both equally atrocious. So let's focus on building range of motion, allowing the arm to go overhead by self-minefacial techniques to the lats and to the pecs, to the Terry's major. And then stretching. And then we practice actively trying to get it overhead. That's why we look at this as a continuum, the flexibility continuum. Now there is a type of stretching specifically under functional flexibility. And that is called dynamic stretching. And dynamic stretching are the stretches that you might see a lot of people doing. Let's say before they go for a run, right? They're doing straight leg swings. They're swinging their leg. One leg at a time, swinging it in front of them, doing real dynamic hamstring flexibility. It is active range of motion along with momentum. So we're using momentum to swing an appendage through its range of motion. So the appendicular skeleton. And then we can see that with arms swings. We got arms swings. We go across the body. We go up and down. We see people doing circles. We see people doing straight leg swings. We see them in the frontal plane doing swings across the midline of the body and then out to the side. We're the toes tend to point up. That's all different types of dynamic stretching. And with these types of stretching, we are able to get our body used to more sports like activities. Now does that mean that you can't do static stretching before a sporting activity? I would say if you have any clinically type muscles, you should be doing static stretching leading up to it. But if you're going into a high velocity exercise like sprinting, then I'm always including dynamic stretching with that. A lot of times you'll see the corrective flexibility, static stretching, and SMR-SMT, listed as a corrective version. So if you're working on the corrective strategies with people, then you're going to do the corrective version of flexibility SMR-SMT. So self-minofactual techniques and static stretching. As you go into your strength training, you're going to do the flexibility that includes strength training. That's the active type of stretching because it does two things. If I'm doing let's say that hip flexor stretch, I'm increasing range of motion for my hip flexor, but I'm also getting the glute active ready to go do some squats or some lunges. And then the functional flexibility specifically type of technique we're looking at dynamic stretching where I might be doing leg swings, I might be doing knee hugs, I might be doing butt kicks. All of those are dynamic stretches that are active flexibility using momentum as well. All right y'all, thanks for listening and thanks to our producer Eric Sornson. I'd like to ask if it please like, subscribe, share with your fitness friends and family and leave a five star review. If you want to reach out to me like this guy did three years ago, four years ago, hit me up! You can do so on Instagram, dr.ric-richy or email me, rick.ricy at nasn.org, y'all keep inspiring people to fitness. Thanks for listening. This has been the nasncpt podcast.

=== FILE: The Science-Backed Guide to Periodizing Your Exercise for Lifelong Results [vfFup8UjEcc].txt ===

Hello on this episode of Random Fit both Wendy Bats and I can Miller are going to talk about periodization for like not just for support. Now as a former strength and conditioning coach, I want you to know that periodization was all my job was about getting somebody ready to compete for the season but I want you to know it's not just for athletes, it's for you. Yes and if we're going to go into detail about the NSM, optimum performance training model where we'll look at different phases in the way that you can change up your workout and think of it being something that's going to be scientifically fact. It's going to be safe, effective, and it's going to get you to those goals. So listen to the episode like follow subscribe down there. Give us a five out of five and enjoy the show. You're listening to Random Fit with hosts Wendy Bats and Ken Miller, winner of a gold Markham Award for Digital Media. Welcome to this episode of Random Fit with both Wendy Bats and I Ken Miller. Wendy, how are you? I'm great. How are you? I am doing awesome. No complaints on my side, especially because we are talking about periodization and when I say periodization, we're talking about periodization for life and not just for sport. So when it comes to the word periodization, if you are on the exercise science, strength and conditioning side of fitness, periodization, we know what that means and it's just about changing things up. But what we want to talk about today, Wendy, I hope you're up for this as well. But we're going to talk about how do you period desires, if that's a word, for life? We're not, we're not, we're not in football season, we're not in baseball, we're not in basketball, we're not in golf, we're not in soccer, we're not just training to achieve a certain amount of strength, stability and power for the year. But we are talking about periodization for your lifetime. Well, and I think that's one of the unique things about the National Academy of Sports Medicine is we actually have a model to follow, to help people continuously progress or to a certain goal or as they go through the model over and over again and go through different phases of training, we're providing them a way of doing this safely effectively and efficiently. And that's one of the reasons I absolutely love this company and what it represents is because as a trainer, even if you're brand new or if you're fitness enthusiast and want to look into what NESM offers, there's this model that we have and it's called the Optimal Performance Training Model. And it is one of those stair step type of models that has, I mean, technically, if you include corrective exercise and performance, it has seven different phases, however, on the fitness size, we just say basically there's five. And what we're trying to do is we do assessments, again, I say that all the time, but we try to build a very solid foundation. And what we have found is if we have a really strong foundation that when we reassess those compensations, maybe that we saw on the assessment should no longer be there. And then what happens at that point, then we can change up the exercises that we're doing because we know that we're in a good spot, right? And then we can actually add more weight. We can get bigger if that's our ultimate goal, we can get stronger. This is where a lot of the strength really happens. And then of course, if we want to really build fast, you know, be powerful, then that's when we would go up the model. The one thing that ends up happening, though, is people walk in and maybe they haven't been in and this is when we say not for just sport. So somebody that's like for life, if someone hasn't really been in the gym, they kind of fell off the wagon if you will. And they've taken some time off. And then especially, you may not always know what happens when the new year comes around like this is my year. I'm going to get stronger. I want to look better. I want to feel better. They go to the gym and they go in for a couple, a couple different weeks. And they start to see some changes. They feel better. And then they just do the same thing over and over and over again. And once you start doing that, same thing over and over again, your body starts to adapt to it. So there's zero changes that are going to happen. They just basically becomes like, it's just one of those things where they work out, they go to the gym. I do the electrical for 30 minutes on the same level and I try to go faster. I'm lifting this amount of weight for this bisepro and this exercise and this exercise and this exercise. And as a trainer, the first thing I say can I know you do as well? Well, what are you doing differently in the answers usually nothing? Because I saw all these gains in the very beginning, why would I change what I'm doing? Because I know that it works because it did allow me to have some changes. So how do you answer that? I don't think I've answered that the same way. Because it depends on context. So when we're talking about periodization and depends on if I'm talking to like you bring up the new year's resolution that person that's been, let's say absent from the gym. But you also have those people that kind of start and stop and stop. See, you know, the people that come in spring break is around the corner. Some are around the corner or my kids are back in school. So now I have time. So they have built enter and exit fitness at different times. So from that standpoint, it's just talking to, knowing who's in front of you. But in the beginning, it is just about starting off, got to get your foundation, right? As you mentioned, Wendy, from the five phases, from stability strengthened to power, it is a stair step model, meaning that you're only as powerful as you are strong, again, as far as the width and the breadth of the foundation of the, I guess, the capacity is so I can only move as fast as I am strong. I can only move as much resistance as I can stabilize. And that's how I tell people, like, okay, if you're, if you're coming off of the holiday season and now you're trying to make changes because you know there are better things that you need to pull with your body, just get, get body control first and then we can go on to the progressive side. But you know, this episode is not so much about program, you know, programming, per se, how many sets reps rests, exercises or anything like that. But what we are talking about is, okay, getting started off on the right foot to lay the foundation for other things that you want to accomplish and how do we oscillate between the phases as we go on. But you know, everybody, it kind of like what we're saying right now is that, you know, everybody enters and exits fitness, different times for different reasons. And when it comes to your life, you know, there's, there's different time stamps in our lives when, you know, fitness and movement and exercise means something different. I think what we're really trying to do here, Wendy, is just really figure out okay, well, how do I oscillate responsibly, move up and down the OPPT model as you so eloquently explained about the seven phases? How do we do that responsibly? But actually, be more educated about what each phase means to each person depending on where they are in their life. And I think one of the first things again, periodization is a technical term that has come about in the strength condition we feel. I think it started off in the strength condition we feel. And it's leaked into what I mean, fitness is fitness and program design is program design. But when we talk about, you know, and the calendar, I think is the easiest way to look at it. But if we're looking at micro, micro, mezzo and micro cycles, what we are talking about is trying to look at the 12 month and then breaking that down into 46 weeks or even if you want to think poorly for your business minded people. And then we're looking at the micro cycle of one week. So you're basically taking an immediate, a short and a longer term view of how you want to change your programs as you brought up Wendy. Like you get those people that come in, they do the same thing in and they out. Or like, you know, that New Year's resolution person that comes in January, maybe even February, I think February has been kind of like the new start of the year for a fitness platform. You know, try to find a treadmill or in the liticle in January and February, right? Oh, no. And then first time no February. Go down after Valentine's Day. Or even, yeah, try to find one in June. You can throw a frisbee in the gym and not hit anybody. But that just shows you where, okay, people lose incentive to work out because they don't know what to do because they've been doing the same thing. But if you are oscillating, changing your programming on a weekly quarterly and a yearly basis, so it's taking a long view and intermediate view versus like you walk into the gym and then you just decide there on what you're going to do. And I think that's what we're really trying to figure out as far as we're trying to share our insights on how somebody can say, okay, well, maybe I do need to sit down with the calendar, piece of paper, do people still sit down with a piece of paper one day and just kind of whether you get on their spreadsheet and this say. I think it's more on the computer the days. But you know, I think to your point, Ken, you know, when we talk about to your decision, Ken just said it's changing your program. And it's one of those things that if you are looking at the different cycles that you mentioned such, you know, as the macrosycle and then the meso cycle and the micro. So whether we're looking at it at 12, 12 weeks, whether we're looking at four to six weeks or whether we're looking at just one week at a time, you have to build that foundation first. And so it takes the body about four to six weeks to adapt to the demands that you're placing on it. And so when we talk about building that foundation, it's just like the foundation of your happens. Right? We want it to be strong. We want it to be stable. We want it to make sure that all our muscles are firing at the right time. And we've got all cylinders to go. Meaning our posture is good. We don't have rounded shoulders or a forward head, our feet are straight ahead. We're actually optimally lined up. So after four to six weeks, we ideally want to do a reassessment. We want to see does our body move and look better. And then we can literally go on to building the strength. Well, think if we have a good foundation and you have a strong house thinking the house is the strength, then there are three different phases that we look at within that strength component. We start to do kind of combo between stabilization and strength. And that's kind of our phase two because it's kind of what we call the superset. And then we go into strength, like true strength, looking at building size and building more muscle gain, if you will. And then max strength, if needed. And then we get into the power, which I always on a house would say are the bells and whistles. It's the door, frames. It's the couch. It's the inside fun stuff that everybody wants to start out doing. The biggest thing is if you're going in and you don't have a strong foundation and you start to like work on power, then break down can occur. And so I think that the purpose of what we were hoping to get out of this episode was really trying to say, okay, if you're looking at your work out, do you have a plan or to your point, can you? You're just throwing a bunch of things together. And if you're putting a lot of strain and stress on your body over time and you're not doing something called de-loading, meaning you're not giving yourself some time to recover and rest, then you're going to eventually have overtraining a breakdown, which is what we're trying to avoid. So you've got to make sure that you have a plan and that the plan makes sense to whatever your ultimate goal is. Yeah, and I think it's like, and I know we've mentioned this book many times, the seven habits of highly effective people. And the first step is begin with the end in mine. So when you know what you're trying to accomplish, start off with that and then work backwards. And just to get some perspective and kind of give some insight of things that usually come up but not to later in the conversation is when people's when when you do your intake, your client intake session, when either first session is, well, what is it you want to accomplish, right? But then as the conversation goes, they might say, I want to be stronger, I want to do this, I want to be able to run, be the marathon, half marathon, whatever it is. But correct me if I'm wrong windy, but a lot of times the nine times out of ten, the situation is like, I also don't want to get hurt, right? I also, I want to be safe. I want to make sure I'm using good form all for the sake of, okay, I don't want to get hurt. I want to be safe when I incorporate my exercise program. So when you talk about going through your calendar and that big topic, I mean, it's in it's bigger now than it's been in the past when you talk about D loading, right? So with exercise, it's really easy to put stress into the body. So when you brought up those three phases of strength training, right? So you have a little bit of strength endurance, a little bit of hypertrophy, putting on some muscle and then how much can you pinch? How much can you squat? That kind of max strength, those three different phases of training. Now what we are looking at is, okay, well, how do we work and operate at that high level in when you brought up four, about four weeks within a phase or training? How do I operate at that high level without putting my body at risk for injury? And it's from that standpoint that we need to incorporate these D loading. And in the case of the training model that you and I both use when we practice with our clients and our athletes is the fact that basically what we're talking about is stabilization training. How do we restore efficiency and stabilization when we've been using all those big muscles, right? The chest, the back, your glutes, your quads because what you don't use, you lose, right? So if I don't use my rotator cuff or I don't put emphasis on my rotator cuff or my deep hip stabilizers or my spinal, my deeper spinal muscles, I'm going to lose their ability to control and stabilize my shoulders, my spine and my hips. And if I lose that, then I am ultimately putting myself in a higher risk category for injury potential. So we can never say you're going to get hurt if you do this. But the body only has so much tolerance for operating at high levels of intensity when it comes to volume and weight and even as you mentioned when the when it comes to power training, the bells and whistles, your body can only operate at that high level for so long before the stresses can compound and now we start putting our joints at risk for injury. So that D loading, if we're going to talk about periodization for our life, we don't put enough emphasis on taking stress out of the body. We're really really really really good at putting stress into the body. But how often we pay attention to taking stress out of the body? And that's one of the first things that needs to be added or strongly considered when it comes to, okay, what am I going to do this month, next month or next quarter, or at what points in the year, can I implement D loading strategies to help me maintain the stability I need to move safely and efficiently? I think he makes some great points and I'm actually going to piggyback off of that. But before I do want to say that this episode of Random Fit is brought to you by NASM1, the membership for trainers and coaches, members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources, get the edge app to schedule and program clients, enjoy half-up all certification for specializations, access free to use and more of this for just $35 a month. Go to nasm.org for slash membership to learn more about NASM1. Can I think it's important to when you were talking about that to realize that when you are looking and making your plan, yes, it's extremely important to think about D loading and everything. But then also periodization, like doing periodization within the phases that you've kind of advanced into. So for example, if you've spent a lot of time, your four to six weeks or so in stabilization, of course, always do a different exercise as that are focusing on tempo and repetition and proper posture and alignment, then you go into strength. Then maybe when you're looking at it from week to week, you might do, if you're working out three times a week, you'll do two in strength and one in stabilization just to make sure everything is back into alignment. Then as you progress, you always just kind of go down and revisit some of the lower levels within your week. But you don't want to really go above and be gone that. So you don't want to be in power and then just one day because you're having a bad day and you want to throw heavy stuff and lift really heavy because that's when you said it's really unsafe. So I think that's one of the main key components that we want to keep in mind and it's I think it's extremely important. Totally. And the other side, I think I want to, I want to, I want to, think about backtracking. But I am going to backtrack a little bit. I don't want to scare anybody. And it's sometimes sounds like it when I say, you got to watch when you're in, you know, hypertrophy phase when you're trying to put on muscle, you go to watch when you're getting under five rapper one rep max. I don't want to scare people to not go into these phases because we want to, right? Especially as we get older again, we were talking about today on this episode as a periodization for life, not just for sport, on random fit with both Wendy bats and I can't Miller. But what we're talking about is, okay, we want to be at those intensities. We need to be at those intensities because as we get older, we want muscle density. We want bone density. And the way you get bone density is by applying stress to the skeletal structure, right? So it's not just about, you know, elliptical or there's no impact or swimming great cardio, but no impact, right? So these aspects of our lifespan that we want to make sure that we, we have enough reservoir of muscle density bone density strength and power because as we age those components as much as we try, they're going to start to fade. It'll, it'll decrease faster and those that don't work out, but it'll decrease slower in those that do. So I don't want to, so when I talk about watch out for injury, injury potential to this injury potential that, but what I want to say is that we need to be up there. We need to go up into those higher levels of the optimum performance training model. We need to have that intensity. We need to have that volume. But we also need to be able to unload and take the stress out of the body. So I think that's the bigger point that I wanted to make when it came to, okay, let's look at this week, this month, the next quarter, and let's look at here and see where we can plot these sessions appropriately throughout the year. Because like we said in the beginning, as we age, there's different time samples, there's different life events and we have to plan for them when we can. Because face it windy, I mean, I met that middle age. I'm in my 50s and now it's like, you know what, six, I'm knocking on the, I'm knocking on 60s door, 70s right around the corner from that and then you know, it kind of future think myself into, okay, where am I going to be when I'm meeting 90, what I want to be able to do? Yeah, I want to be able to lift a jug of milk or walk up the stairs and that requires me to be as strong as I can be today and as powerful as I can be so that what's really easy now is somewhat easy, if not at least less challenging, 30, 40 years down the line. So, can let me ask you, if I had, you know, a mom that comes in, she's a busy parent, what do you say to that client who was like, I just feel like I can't fit it all in. So, you provide like a practical example because I think sometimes it's easier if you have an example based on like your clients. So, how do you answer it? Because I try to shorten it, but also make it more multi-joint and total body. Yeah, yeah, let me ask you, is this busy parent in the workforce or are they working from home, they go in an office, give me give me that scenario. Let's say that they're working from home. Okay, work from home, not that much easier because you still, you know, like right now, we're on, you know, we're recording this behind the computer. I'm still sitting down. So, busy parent, working from home. So, here's the scenario. Again, Wendy, you might relate. You drop off your kid at school, right? So, there's, there's a hard stop in the morning and a hard stop in the afternoon because if the chance start if you drop off, there's going to be a pick-up or at some point where you have to address your child or children. But then, like right now, we have set a time for us to be behind the computer, behind the screen, behind the camera, right? And for a lot of people, that's what their day is. I have a couple clients like that, you know, they have to be behind the computer at the specific time. So, their time precious, they may have small pockets of time. Now again, looking at what inventory they have at home regarding exercise equipment. I might say, okay, well, if you have basic bands, which you can get on, you know, go to the store or order online, light, medium, heavy resistance, dumbbells, you don't need a whole lot of weight, especially if you have bands. But as you talked, as you just mentioned really quickly, they're Wendy, we are talking about, okay, let's do some compound multi-joint movements. This might be modified burpees, right? And I don't expect anybody, you know, get with the stipulation that they've earned their weight to these exercises, I'm about to mention. Mountain climbers compound movements, right? So, every part of your body is doing something. So, in the mountain climber, you're in the push-up position, you're driving your knees up and down towards the shoulder and back into that plank position. So, they might start off with modified mountain climbers, if not the full traditional kind of jogging pace mountain climbers. You might do, as I mentioned, modified burpees. So, it may not be the jump your feet to your hands and then stand up and then jump to the ceiling. It might be just straddle step-right, straddle step-left, stand up, reach up towards the sky, reach down towards your toes, walk your feet back. That's a great compound movement. I love that exercise actually, Wendy, because you're changing elevation, right? Because there's energy that you need to get from the floor to reaching up as high as you can. Different thing, bare crawls, bare crawls aren't great. And all you need is, basically the ability to crawl two steps forward and two steps back. So, you take those three exercises. It can be as high or as low intensity as you want. And you do around of 10 reps each, right? And you're between meetings. It gets a heart rate up. You're not too sweaty. So, if you have to be in front of the camera, you're still going to be presentable as my client has told me. It's like, you know, I just do one round of 10. It gets my blood flowing. It gets my hips out of this fixed position. Get my heart rate a little bit. And we've done an episode on exercise snacks, right? Movement snacks. Something where it's just short about one to two minutes. You sit right back down. And there you go. So, again, you're you're working parent. Start and stop with the kids. Intermittent meetings throughout the day. You don't have, and the scenario really is, you don't have the traditional 45 to 60 minute block of time to dedicate to exercise. So, all we're really talking about right now is just parsing out and peace mealing these movement sessions throughout the day. So, one session may be dedicated to mobility. Another one may be, you know, a quick, you know, walk around three blocks in your neighborhood. And then another one more mobility base and another one just more about what I just brought up with the bare crawl mountain climber. Birpy, and then do that three, four times during the out-the-day without one solid section of 45 minute exercise about. You might have three, four sessions of five to ten minutes, which on the grand scheme of things is better than nothing. Better than nothing. That is better. You know, I always try to put things looking at an in-appractical standpoint because I do get some people that walk in and say, listen, I can't make it to the gym every day. I'm a state-of-home mom, but I also work my kids at home. And there's just a lot going on. And as a mom who was working from home with one like infant, it was hard for me to find balance in juggle and figure things out. Until we learn that you could actually use your, in my case, my son as weight. And then it actually worked out pretty well for me. And he had the time doing it. So, so there's just the main part of the, the reason I ask you that question is, I think sometimes we don't feel that people are scared of change, right? No one likes change. Change is scary. But you want to think when you're looking at fitness and you're looking at the prepping your body in the gym the right way that you want to make sure that you're progressing your workout at a level that your body is ready to do. And Ken and you and I have done different podcasts on the importance of the central nervous system in our brain and the way that it affects our body and our muscles and our joints and recruiting, the right muscles at the right time. Well, this is one of those things that if we are focusing on proper movement patterns, we actually build that foundation, look at the five phases. We reassess every four to six weeks. We change it up. If you utilize something that's scientifically based in back, which the OBT model is, so the NASM model that we're talking about is, you know that you're going to be able to do things on a safe standpoint. But the beauty of it is is looking at the rep range and the tempo. So when you're looking to start 12 to 20 repetitions at what we would call like a 4 to 1 count, meaning that if I was doing that, if I said, Carl, it's talked about you'd come up for one second, hope for two and go down for four. And you would do that anywhere between 12 and 20 reps. 20 if you're only going to do one set 12 if you're going to do two or three sets. And you can blend that in. So very up your exercises. We can unify, I've done exercise selection and doing what we call a vertical load. If you want to do fat loss, you want to burn more calories and you're really looking to do that. After you've done your warm up and stretches and foam rolling and all of that, then do an exercise for your chest, your back, your biceps, your triceps, your legs, you know, whether it's the quads or the hamstrings or even your calves, take minimal rest in between those and then repeat it. And then again, very slow controlled movement patterns. And if you do that anywhere from, you know, four to six weeks, I usually say four weeks, fill out see how you feel, see how you're moving, then progress into something different. Then progress into something different. Just bury it up. So if you're looking at your weekly workout, is it something that's repetitive? It's something that it's different? Is it something that's going to challenge the body and doesn't make sense? And as long as you answer like, all of this is going to be good, then you know you're on a really good path. And I think, you know, the big takeaway that I have isn't that pureization has to be complicated. It doesn't have to take away exercises that you like, but just know that if you like to do the same things every time you go into the gym, you will, your workout will become very stagnant. You're not going to see a lot of changes. So think about those exercises that you love and then think how can you vary it up? And it could be just instead of utilizing dumbbells or utilizing cables. And that if always doing stuff with no weights, maybe you're adding smaller weights, maybe you're doing things like you said your base of support. That's super important. So just change it up, have fun with it, but don't do the same thing over and over again. You're going to start to overtrain if you do power all the time. If you do a hit workout all the time, see yourself, the T, you're going to see yourself start to kind of break down. You don't want that. So if you do a hit workout, maybe the next day is the stabilization workout. You just have to change it up. Yeah, and I think people want to see progress. But I think we need to keep the mindset that progress isn't about doing more. You're not lifting more, doing more sets, more reps, more intensity, whatever the situation is. It is about doing the right amount at the right time. So if you've done some strength stability and then now it's time to progress. And then we can get into, like I said, muscular development, max strength, getting to power. But we also have to keep the door open to that, you know, maybe in that example of that busy parent, when do I have my client? And I have to check in with them because physically sometimes he has a good day and then sometimes, you know, those are the days that we stick to the plan. And then there are those days where he's just not feeling it, right? His hip has a little song, shoulder has a little something. And then that's when we do that, stabilization training. So from that standpoint, you know, we just had to need to, you know, keep the idea that when it comes to pure disation, the idea of keeping different levels of intensity for the purpose of achieving different adaptations, meaning you're stable, you're strong, and you're powerful. But sometimes you may have to change things up. And that's as a strength coach, I found myself doing that more often than not when it came to okay. Well, the team had a tough three days. So I'm not going to go with our max strength session today. And we need to take the same approach with ourselves and our clientele as a personal trainer or you as an exercise enthusiast, if you're listening to Randolph-Fet here for your own personal gain and improvement. But sometimes you don't, you don't have to stick with the plan if your body is telling you otherwise. Right? So if you didn't sleep well, you had a longer meeting than anticipated. You sat down a little bit longer than you wanted. You didn't get your movements next to in the other day as you had planned. So maybe today is that day for the movement sex. But hopefully we even lighten you the listener of Randolph-Fet on some ideas on how we can periodize change your workout plan throughout the year or conceptually plan out. How you're going to change your workout plan throughout the year. But also keep in mind that between stability strength and power, you need to go through all the phases to get all the adaptations. Once you got it, try and keep it. But do what you can to, you know, make the changes that the body wants to need. So Wendy, thank you very much for your insights as always. Of course, thank you. Yeah, you're welcome. So for those of you listening to both Wendy bats and I can Miller here on the end of it, thank you. Thank you so much for your time and attention on this episode where we're talking about periodization for life. Not just for support. So like follow, subscribe, download, give us a five out of five stars if you can, when you can. But let us know what you want to talk about on future episodes of Randolph-Fet and we will get that on a future episode for you. So until next time, everybody, thank you. Take care and be well.

=== FILE: Unlock True Metabolism Cunningham Equation Explained for Bodybuilders [XwONvB44A30].txt ===

Hey guys, it's your boy Andre Adams, NASM Master Trainer and IFBV Physica Olympian. You think your fitness tracker knows your metabolism? Think again. On this exciting episode of the Peak Physica podcast, I'm going to break down why the cutting-ham equation is king in bodybuilding. It's the most accurate way to calculate true TDE for lean muscular athletes. If you coach athletes and you're still using age-based or guessing macros, this one's for you. Let's talk about lean mass, real metabolism, and smarter prep math. We'll see you guys in this episode. New York Listening to the Peak Physica podcast with Andre Adams on the NASM podcast network. Hey guys, welcome back to another exciting video. In the next episode of the NASM Peak Physica podcast, I'm your host, Andre Adams, NASM Master Trainer and IFBV Physica Olympian. Today I've got an exciting episode. I've been wanting to drop this one for quite some time on why the cutting-ham equation reign supreme in bodybuilding. If you guys are familiar with calculating nutrition and RMR and total daily energy expenditure, we're going to break down the differences of why age doesn't determine your caloric needs, but your lean body mass does. So we're going to get away from those empirical values, focus on lean body mass and direct measures. Let's kick it off by defining what is the cutting-ham equation and how does it stack up compared to more common? I'll say it's more common when we're talking just basic nutrition for general population. Equations like the Michelin St. Geore or Harris Benedict. These are really those age-based equations and lay those out for you in just the moment here, but again, those do not factor in the amount of lean body mass or skeleton muscle. So I'm going to define the cutting-ham equation first. If we look at that, the math behind it is RMR or resting metabolic rate, which is really the foundation when we're calculating your nutritional or caloric intake needs. So it's RMR equals 500 plus 22 times lean body mass in kilograms and that lean body mass just to give you guys a little bit more context there. It's basically everything in your body that's not fat, right? So we're talking skeletal muscle, we're talking bone mass, we're talking water, et cetera. Now if we look at the Michelin St. Geore, we're going to take the female version because there's a difference between the male and the female. Again, we have empirical values that are used in each of those equations. So the female, myflin St. Geore equation would be RMR equals 10 times your weight and kilograms plus 6.25 times your height and centimeters minus 5 times your age minus 161. That is a really long equation and if you look back through the equation, no we're in there just at a count for lean body mass, right? You'd have similar results if you look at the hair spenidic or the male version of cutting-ham. Now when we look at those age-based formulas, the problem with these is they can really tend to under or overestimate the caloric needs and we're going to get into a very specific case example in just a moment here, but just kind of high level if you think about it, the logic behind it is very easy to follow, right? If we've got 120 pound female physique athlete, let's say it's a bikini competitor and we've got two of them. One is 10% body fat at 120 pounds and one is 25% body fat at 120 pounds. So if we use those age-based formulas, if these girls are the same age, it's going to say that their caloric needs are going to be the exact same if they're cutting into a show or maybe they're reversing out and they're trying to build muscle, right? So we need the mat of surplus. As opposed to taking something that factors in that amount of lean body mass, like the cutting hem equation, this is going to make a very big difference in how much we feed this particular athlete based on their muscle mass and the fact that metabolism is functioning in a much higher rate, right? That's that metabolic building phase that we talk about so often in bodybuilding. So with that, I'd love to break down an example comparison. We're going to use that same athlete, let's take a five foot five inch, so that we're high right, 120 pound female bikini athlete being 10 to 12% body fat. So pretty average, right, four, five foot five athlete, you could be extremely competitive with those metrics. Now if we took that as an example, we have to convert everything back into centimeters for end kilograms for this equation. So let's start out by defining that, the height would convert to 165 centimeters, weight would be 54.4 kilogram and then skeletal muscle mass, if you're using an in body or a dexus scan for instance, you know, they have that percentage, right? When we look at the percentile of skeletal muscle relative to an average person, the age and height, this individual would be roughly 115% on an in body, for example, which tells me that their lean body mass would be approximately 49 kilograms or 108 pounds. Now when we plug all these numbers in, we're going to use both scenarios. Let's start with the cutting hem equation first. So we're calculating RMR and we're using that formula we mentioned earlier. And this example, it would be 500 plus 22 times 49 and that's going to equal 500 plus 1,078 that equals 1,578 kcal per day, right? That's what the cutting hem equation, factoring and muscle would equate to. So, you know, 15 to 1600 calorie a day is her resting metabolic rate. Now if we plug the same variables into the microphone's St. G. R, age-based equation, and I'm not going to read the full equation out because again, it's a very long equation. But you guys are more than welcome to follow along, plug those numbers in and it's going to net out 1264 kcal per day, right? Now to get to TDE, I'll just throw a footnote in there for you guys that may be our unfamiliar, so we're calculating the foundation number which is RMR, resting metabolic rate. To get to her actual color of needs, we then have to estimate the total daily energy expenditure. And to get there, we normally take RMR times an activity factor. And then activity factor is estimated based on their lifestyle, you know, are they a construction worker? Are they a nurse? Are they sedentary sitting at a desk for nine hours a day? And also, in addition to this, how much needs, so non-exercise activity thermogenesis, how much cardio, how much, you know, daily step count, things like this, all factor in. So, you know, you have to make reasonable estimate and the range is typically 1.2 to 2.0 for those multipliers. That brings you to TDE. And that's really the benchmark of what we would call like maintenance calories based on their lifestyle. And we would start to talk about, you know, surplus or deficit in calories from there. Now if you think back, these two versions of the calculation, the cunning ham coming up with 1578 cows versus 1264 cows in an age-based equation, that's about 314 calorie difference per day. Now think about that, right? This could severely impact performance or muscle retention. So over the course of a week, for example, that 314 cows adds up to around 2,200 calorie difference, which can impact your weight loss or weight gain anywhere from 0.75 to 1 pound per week. Right? So there's a significant difference in the two approaches here. And we want to make sure that for physique athletes, we have the most precise nutrition possible. Here's the one caveat that I'll throw into all of this because it almost sounds too good to be true, right? When we think about it, you gotta ask yourself, well, who in the world would use anything other than the cunning ham equation when calculating a physique athletes' color needs? And the reality is we don't always have access, at least not initially, to, you know, some of these tools that we're talking about for direct measure, like a dexus can or an inbody scan. So when you're first working with somebody, and maybe they're not an athlete, when they start, right? Maybe they're just a general weight loss client. Maybe they're someone who is actually starting from very skinny and trying to build muscle. So they have less than 100% of the skeletal muscle mass. In the beginning, if you don't have access to these tools, it's okay, use the age-based ones, it's going to give you a good benchmark. The more experienced you get as a coach, you'll start to be able to predict where people are at, right? You can look at an athlete that's maybe starting prep for the first time and kind of get a good estimate of how much muscle they carry and based on experience, you know, even without direct measure, you'll be able to make a more appropriate assumption on their color it needs. But whenever we can measure it and we have access, this could be a caliber pinch test, to measure body fat, it could be a inbody, a dexus can, a body pod, underwater weighing. Many of these solutions that get you to a number on lean body mass will work great, something you can plug in and feel a little bit more confident when you're first calculating their nutritional needs. Now, again, why this matters? Let's go a little bit deeper, right? Specifically for bodybuilders, lean body mass is a better prediction of metabolic needs. And the reason for that is because your muscle mass is much higher activity when it comes to burning calories than body fat, right? It's a lot more dense tissue, obviously it weighs more than body fat and the coloric need definitely shifts. One of the most commonly asked questions that we get is how much protein should I eat. And you'll hear those numbers all over the place from 0.82 grams per kilogram of body weight, you know, one gram per pound of body weight, you'll hear numbers all over the board for this. However, when you think about it, we should really be basing it off of how much lean body mass we actually carry. We want to make sure that we support muscle protein synthesis and growth, but not over do it to the point where we're straining our kidneys or just storing excess body fat because we have too much protein, right? So this is a better way to predict it and then you can start to get down into a more refined plan on your macro split and protein breakout. Again, the reason that it matters is, once we have this data, we can make a lot more intelligent and form decisions about the nutrition. And this is going to help us optimize muscle gain, fat loss phases, recovery phases, right? If we're under nutrition and we're lacking the ability to recover, that can prevent us from getting back in the gym as frequently as we want, or we might be approaching overreach or burnout, we might have chronic soreness or be too inflamed because we're just not getting the nutrition. In the beginning, if you have to start with an age-based equation and then adjust right over those first few weeks, you might have to just monitor baselines. Let's say you calculate using the might-in-saint georg and you've got them maybe a couple hundred calories more than they should be, right? Maybe the calculator spit out more than what they actually have and they don't have a lot of muscle. You might be overfeeding them and what you would see if they're in a weight loss phase, you would see the weight either staying stagnant and flat or it might be trending up when it's supposed to be trending down. So you can still use those as a benchmark, observe the performance and trends over time, and then start to adjust the calories from there. So if that's the case in that scenario, I would either bump cardio a little bit. You might have to look at more thermogenesis, maybe adding some L-harneteen, CLA, B-complex, some of the uppers that will help stimulate converting fat and energy, or you might have to just adjust the diet down and pull some calories out. So that's one way that you could establish baseline without using cutting hem equation. But again, ultimate goal is get to a point where you get that direct measure and this is a continuum. You don't get it once, right? You gotta remember, throughout a prep. Let's say we're going into a bulk phase and we start with a hundred pounds of lean body mass, but our goal for the next three to six months is to build muscle. If that athlete puts on 10 pounds of muscle, then that means we need to continuously update and refine our approach, right? So that cutting hem equation is going to factor in that now higher amount of muscle and tell you how much nutrition that individual needs. So you have to make sure that you continuously update and refine it. It's not something that you'll set once and then continue to use the entire prep. But that's really what it comes down to. When we think about advanced coaching, every required ability to predict, physique, outcome, with precision and nutrition, right? And energy balance, all these things have to be predictable. We definitely don't want to kind of just guess the made. It's almost like playing darts with your eyes closed, right? We want to make sure that we're precise with our nutrition and we can predict the outcome, especially when we're peeking out for competition. And again, take away there. Just remembering a metabolism and muscle is very active, especially compared to body fat. But that let's talk about some practical implementation, right? How do we actually use this in practice? We kind of scratched the surface there talking about maybe starting with my from St. J. R. Harris Benedict, age-based formulas. But when possible, I encourage you guys to push your clients to get a deck set, if you're fortunate enough, maybe you've gotten an invite at your gym. If not, you can actually go to inbodyus.com slash, I want to say it's testing locator. If you just Google it, you'll find it. And you can actually type in your zip code and find an inbody scanner in your area. So that's one thing I highly encourage. And if all else fails, you don't have access to either of these technologies, go old school, bust out the calipers, preferably the steal ones if you got them. And let's work backwards into a lean body mass number from there. Now from there, again, as a coach, we're going to adjust the intake. It's frequently as weekly, sometimes daily, right? But definitely weekly, or by weekly, based on biofeedback, based on measurements, based on progress photos, based on energy and how and athletes feeling. When we do our check-ins, not only are they accountability check-ins, but these are check-ins where we're looking at all of this data collectively. And then we're trying to figure out what do we need to do with our calories and our nutrition to make sure we move the needle and execute on the plan, right? And we might see great progress for the first few weeks, but as they're amount of lean body mass and their total body mass changes, they might plateau or, you know, we start moving the needle the wrong way. This is the importance of updating and adjusting weekly based on that biofeedback. And another good indicator would be performance to, right? If, again, their training is starting to suffer. They're having trouble with their recovery, maybe they're chronically sore for two, three, four days of Dom's after a hard training session. Or they're noticing muscle weakness, you know, they hit legs really hard early in the week, but by end of week, they're very sore and their lifts are starting to decline. Right? These can be indicators that maybe their nutrition is inadequate, maybe their training is too hard, maybe the timing of the type of workout needs to be spaced more appropriately to allow for more recovery. And it could be micro nutrition and supplementation to support recovery, right? So just taking into consideration performance, again, body composition and aesthetics, all of these things are going to be far more valuable when you're prepping athletes than just looking at scale weight alone or when we're calculating dietary needs. All of those are far more valuable than looking at age alone. Side-doubt there too is to always monitor bio markers for signs of overreach and burnout. Can't stress this enough. You guys have heard me talk about mineral balancing and HTML protocols. When we look at a lot of the bio markers, we're looking at things that give us good representation and feedback on things like adrenal health, central nervous system or CNS health, you know, left in and insulin signaling. And some of the easy things to monitor are going to be overnight, resting heart rate and HRV. And not just one snapshot in time, but we're really looking at zooming out a little bit and looking at the trends over time. So if let's say we start on Monday, right? We've got a really aggressive prep. We're doing high amounts of input. So high intense training, high intense cardio, maybe you're at the lower end of the spectrum on your caloric intake and your nutrition. And we want to look at those biomarkers, right? If we see HRV starting to trend down, which is not good. And we start to see resting heart rate trending up, right? And then by day three, day four, we're really starting to approach overreach. Those could be good signs that, you know, regardless of where the caloric calculate out using either equation, it might just be time for a calorie bump or a refeed, right? I like to structure high-card refeeds every third or fourth day in that scenario. Again, that's completely separate from where we calculate the total calories. That's just based on biomarkers to keep an athlete progressing and avoid approaching overreach. So just some extra thoughts I wanted to, you know, kind of weave into there because all of this stuff matters, right? It's not just calories in calories out. You guys will hear that a lot when you're first starting out. And that, you know, the macros don't necessarily matter. Timing doesn't matter as much. It's mostly calories in calories out. That might be true for general weight loss or general weight management, we'll say. But when we're talking specific physique outcomes, that is certainly not the case, right? We want to get as precise as we can. And again, really focus on using the right tools to measure the amount of lean body mass and then the right equations to predict our actual nutritional needs. Just some final thoughts there because I want to recap this and make sure that you guys have some good takeaways and you can go out there and put this in a practice is again, lean body mass or LBM is more effective than using agent loan for physique athletes. Use the cunning hem equation and lean body mass based tools like our in body our decks are our caliper or pinch test, right? To help dial in precision nutrition as you're peaking out your athletes. And then another thing that I'd like to make sure we remind our followers is that don't forget, we've got a lot of these tools online. If you go to nsm.org for example, we've got a lot of nutrition and energy balance calculators and tools that you guys can use. And for all of you physique athletes, prep coaches, fitness enthusiasts, don't forget go to npc news online. We've got our physique prep and pro bundle there. I want to say it's still 50% off. But when you get in there, you actually get a lot of these programming templates and tools that will help you guys get more familiar with a lot of these equations and formulas. And really make your lives a lot easier, right? If you can download a tool, you don't have to do all this stuff by hand. My background was in engineering, so I don't mind doing it by hand sometimes. But it's all about productivity and efficiency. And if you can have access to these things, make your lives a little easier and make sure that you make smarter decisions when calculating nutrition for your athletes. Guys, that's all I've got today. If you have additional questions or you just want to give us a follow, be sure to catch me online. You can email me questions directly at trainingbydray at gmail.com. You can also find me on Instagram and YouTube at Andre Adams underscore official or team Adams underscore prep. And you can reach me online for more info at Andreabbsfficial.com or teamatmsprep.com. Guys, thank you so much for tuning in. I hope you learned something new. I encourage you if you learned anything from this episode, please share it with at least one friend. And we look forward to seeing you on the next exciting episode of the Peak Physic Podcast.

=== FILE: Unlocking Better Movement The Secrets of Relative Flexibility & Joint Health [LCnG2X1GSXk].txt ===

Hi everyone, coming up on this episode of Random Fit, myself Wendy Bats and co-host Ken Miller. We are going to talk about mobility matters. It's not just a buzzword. It is more than just flexibility. Ken, what are we going to discuss? We're going to talk about, like, so any, what is it? And more importantly, how do you get it and how do you keep it? So on this episode, like follow, subscribe, download. Give us a five out of five or five stars, if you will. And, you know, hope you guys enjoy the show. You're listening to Random Fit with hosts Wendy Bats and Ken Miller, winner of a gold mark on award for digital media. Hi everyone, I am Wendy Bats here with my friend and co-host Ken Miller and today on Random Fit, we are going to talk a little bit about mobility. So today on mobility matters, we're going to talk about what it really means. We're going to talk about this buzzword that we hear all the time. So Ken, I know you and I have talked a lot about this topic on our own, especially when it comes to our clients saying, hey, I want to move better, feel better. We're like, okay, we're going to work on your mobility and they're like exactly. So when you have a client, walks into the door and they say, okay, mobility, I want some, I need some. What do you say? I say, well, let's get some. You know, Wendy, and you have a good idea of my client, a big book of my client, teller, or business professionals, executives who are sitting behind a computer, they are on a plane, they're on a cross-country flight, they're jet setting, but they're in that fixed posture position. And one of the first things that comes up before we talk about mobility and being mobile is I feel stiff, right? So they tell you their condition, their state, and they're like, yeah, I feel stiff in the low back, my head, neck and shoulders, all of that is stiff. And then we talk about their goals and so what do you want to accomplish? Well, I want to feel more mobile. I need flexibility and I'll say to them, I go, well, let's, you know, let's talk about it. Let's talk about, well, what do we need to do to get you to feel less stiff and more mobile? So, and then we talk about, okay, well, what does it take and what are the steps and what are the stages to get unstiff and more mobile? So again, that's, that's usually how our conversation starts, but one of the first words that coincides with the word mobile is stiffness and feeling just rigid, word that comes up a lot of times too. So I just say, hey, you know what, you had mobility when you were younger, you did things to yourself and you do things every day right now that takes that away from you. So let's, let's get to work and this is what we're going to talk about today. Well, and it's interesting because I think it's important to define the difference between flexibility and mobility because they're really different, even though sometimes we use them in a way where it kind of makes them sound the same. So if you want to think about flexibility, we're talking about the passive range of motion and muscle can actually lengthen too, right? So we're thinking about flexibility. It's basically taking your leg and moving it into a stretch. We're trying to see how flexible that leg is, right? It only goes to a certain range of motion. We look at mobility itself. It's the usable range of motion that you can control. So you're passively doing it. Meaning that if I'm stretching your leg, can that's letting me see how much flexibility you have. But I just move my leg back on my own and I want to see what that joint allows me, you know, what, how far can I move that leg just on my own without help of, let's say, you or some practitioner or somebody else doing that. So it's really important because it lets me see on one end kind of what their limitations are. But under my own power, so myself moving it, I want to be able to see how much strain the coordination my leg can move and that lets me know more about their mobility. So there's a difference between someone pushing you and you being able to go to a certain point. And I think a lot of times when people are talking about being mobile, they're really just talking about being flexible. But one of my favorite things that I hear all the time is, oh, I'm super flexible or I'm hyper mobile. And I can do this that and the other. So what do you do about hyper mobility? And it's not necessarily hyper mobility that we're talking about. It's a term that we use or we hear that no one really talks about, which is relative flexibility. So Ken, you know, that I used to, in the day when I was younger, you know, I was doing this, right? So I could sit, I used to sit in the splits and do my homework. And people were like, oh, you're so flexible. And the thing is, it's just, I think if I'm sitting at the splits, right? My legs are out to the side and I'm just sitting there and I'm doing my homework. Think about what's happening at the opposite side of that joint. And at the time, I didn't care because it didn't matter, right? I really wanted to be super mobile or flexible. And I was only at a certain range of motion doing a certain thing. But if you watch the Olympics and you watch some of these gymnasts and you look at their posture and you look at that big arch in their back, if you had to, you know, if I said, define relative flexibility other than that, Ken, what is the definition of it? Well, I think the part of that is your body, you know, when you're going through a certain range of, like, if you're doing a task, right? So let's say it's me standing up in doing a toe touch. Well, let's say I can, I can reach down, touch my toes, but the question is, where am I getting that range of motion from? So a lot of people would think that, oh, yeah, well, you got good hamstring, extensibility, or your flexible through the hips. Well, what if my hamstrings and my glutes are a little tight and they're a little constricted? And I'm getting all that range of motion through my low back, right? That's, that's what we might call relative flexibility as that. You're actually taking range of motion where it's available because there's some place else that's not giving you that length or that extensibility. So you have to basically steal range of motion from another joint relative to a certain task. It's kind of like, or, you know, another one is where you do a peck stretch, right? You, you, you, you, you, you've got your, for our modern door jam, right? And you, you lean into it. But what, what, what people wind up doing and you can't see it if you're watching this. If my shoulder joint starts to pop forward, right? I'm not getting a stretch through the, the, the peck or the anterior shoulder. I've actually compensated my way by basically tilting and internally rotating through the shoulder for me to get my, my chest or my torso to rotate. So that basically we were based stealing from internal rotation for the sake of that lack of abduction. So I think it's really funny that you talk about wind be gymnasts because when I was the strength of the couch at Cal, one of the teams that I have was women's gymnastics. And I remember the first day that I told them, all right, the next stretch we're going to do, which I, I shouldn't have said it that I, when I think about, I should have phrased it a different way. We're going to do a kneeling hip flexor stretch and that's one of the things that, oh coach, I could do that. And what did they do Wendy? And again, great, great example of relative flexibility. They got on one knee, they were lunching forward and what did they do? There are backs where arched like a big reverse sea. So the intention of a hip flexor stretch for those of you that don't know is to get a little bit of length through the front of the hip, right? Well, what they were doing, they were a lot of them were tied enough through the front of the hip that they couldn't extend. So they had to steal a range of motion from that lower spine, that lumbar spine where they were now taking that lower spine and going into extension through the lower lumbar, right? So they weren't getting it through the front of the hip, they were stealing it from the back. So the first thing I did was I had to back them off, correct them by bringing their hips back. Let's work on a posterior tilt, squeeze the glutes, pull the belly button in towards the spine, and I'll tell you what, Wendy, 90% of them, just by repositioning their hip and making sure we got the range of motion from the front of the hip and we stopped stealing from the low back, right? A lot of them, they were done right there. They felt it. We didn't have to go any further. There was no lunging, just that little poster tilt, activation of the glutes and the lower core muscles and they were done. They felt it right there, just by addressing the component of relative flexibility because the low back was stealing the range of motion that the front hip didn't have. So that's my contribution to the sport of gymnastics. Well, and it's interesting because if you guys have ever taken gymnastics or seen a gymnast, that low back arch, unfortunately, is something that you're going to see often because the finishing you're finishing pose, if you will, you're trying to stick a landing, put your hands up and hold that position without moving because if you do move, you get points deducted, you want to stick the landing and hold that motion. And so they teach you if you feel like you're going to fall, if you kind of arch your back and hold yourself, sometimes that will actually help you keep your footing and help you control your balance, especially if you're coming off something such as the horse or whatever it is that you're doing with an excessive amount of force into a solid stop. And so because of that, the hip flexors do get shortened. So again, just kind of reiterate what Ken said when we're talking about relative flexibility, your joint or the muscles that surround the joint can only go to a certain extent because you're kind of borrowing then you're borrowing from another muscle if you will. He says, steel, I don't like to steal a lot of it because I return things. And so what we're trying to do when we're talking about mobility is get ideal range of motion throughout all of the proper joint. So therefore we're not borrowing motion from another joint because unfortunately that's when we start to see the compensation patterns. So Ken, you myself, I do this with Dr. Miller or Marty Miller on our other podcast one, talk a lot about, you know, on the Master Shark Around Table, talk a lot about assessments. The most important thing that we tried to determine when somebody walks through the door is how is the body moving? And if it's not moving with ideal range of motion at a joint compensation patterns are going to occur. And so if we see when somebody is squatting which is one of our major assessments that we do, we have some alif there hands over their head, they spread their feet shoulder to hip of the part, toes are forward and we have them squat down to chair height. Not how low can you go but just to chair height. If we see the feet going out or the knees moving in or different movement patterns in the low back meaning that they're arched or they're in like they have a rounded back, we note all of that because what's happening is there's a mobility issue or a strength issue. And so if we start to see that the feet start turning out as they go down, we know that but then if we do some ability testing meaning we have them, you know, kind of lunge forward with their toes two inches away from a wall and we see if they're knee can touch and their knee cannot touch then we know it's a mobility issue. There's an issue at the joint that's not allowing approximately 20 degrees of motion or not allowing the motion though. We want to the ankle so it's having to borrow from something else and that's what's bringing those feet out. However, on the other side of that if somebody did have their feet go out in that overhead squat when they were in motion but we had them do a mobility test and their knee could touch the wall without compensation. We know it's a strength issue on the other side and that's what we end up seeing. So when we're talking about these gymnasts that we're talking about, basically, just anyone in life that isn't moving ideally, we know that we know as a trainer what we need to work on is it flexibility, you know, getting better range of motion in a muscle because there's not an ideal length or is it a strength issue? So we know we need to do some some specific muscle activation on the opposite side so therefore it actually does its job and stops being lazy. So that's basically why mobility does matter which is what we're talking about and why it's super important that we kind of distinguish between the two because we just assume if somebody can't touch their toes, it's their hamstrings but can like you said it may not be their hamstrings at all. It could just be, there's a joint issue at the hip and they're using their back because they can't move. Right, right and when just to just back up a little bit borrow versus steel, borrowing, you know when you think big borrowing steel, borrow has the intention and I'm listening to you but when you talk about borrowing, that's with the intention of giving it back, right when you're borrowing so I'm only going to borrow it for a little bit of time but when it comes to stealing, you're taking it without permission and I think that's where I like to use a word steel or I'm using it. But I want to return it. That's our goal. That is our goal. I'm a delicate flowerhead. Right, so for you I would give it back but when it comes to relative flexibility, you're taking without permission. So talk about stealing. I'm going to steal a couple moments when they were going to talk about random fit and this episode of mobility matters but this episode of random fit is brought to you by NASM1. The membership for trainers and coaches members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the adjap to schedule and program clients enjoy half off all certifications and specializations access free CEUs and more. All this for just $35 a month. Go to nasm.org, forward slash membership to learn more about NASM1. So Wendy, I think you're talking about the assessment process, you're talking about observing compensations and seeing where mobility lacks and this is where when I talk again, going back to my clientele who's sitting stiff and rigid and lack them, feeling mobile, to talk about the difference between flexibility and mobility. One of the things that I tell them, especially when the phrase and I know you've heard this million times when he is like, what's one stretch? What one thing can I do to be more flexible? And then that's when I interject and I say it's not one thing. It's multiple things that you need to do to be able to control that range of motion that you're going to work towards. So we can foam roll, we can static stretch but the control comes from doing the strengthening. So again, we can't talk flexibility without talking about stabilization and control or as we like to go. Just strength. So from that vantage point, I also do the question I like to ask them. It's like, well, if you play chess or if you play checkers, if you play any game, what's one best move you can do for chess? And what do you think they're going to say one B? Chess Brass. No, no, no, no, I'm sorry, chess. The game of chess, so I don't play chess. I play checkers. I don't mean it. Okay, all right, so that's why I give a choice. Okay, if you play chess or check it, not chess. I've been saying chess, I was like, let me let me and then let me just press and put everybody says that. It's funny. So I might say, I might say, okay, well, what's the best move for checkers? You need to jump over multiple times. What's the best one? And when they have a prime need to say, it depends. What's the situation? Yeah, is there another piece in front of me that I can? I always have a move again. I am 20 moves ahead of you, buddy. Yeah, so my point. My point is when it comes to flexibility and mobility into kind of carry on with what you were talking about with assessments and observing compensations and looking at where are you lacking range of motion or your lack of, yeah, where you have too much range of motion. Most people are lacking range of motion is okay. Well, not only are we going to work to get it, but we have to work to get you to control that range of motion. So now we're committing to the word mobility and not just flexibility because you have to strengthen what you gain. Otherwise, you're going to get what we call naive flexibility and naive flexibility. You don't keep for long. You can do all the stretching you want. And yeah, you might be able to get 15, 20 degrees depending on where you're trying to get that flexibility from. But if the brain says, okay, I see you've got all that range of motion now, but you know what, I don't feel comfortable with that arm being that far back. So I'm just going to go ahead and tighten things back up a little bit because I don't feel safe with that arm being in that position for long. And that that phrase naive flexibility is something that we also have to understand because some people, one day as you know, you work with a lot of athletes and they, you know, they say, if I feel tight in the hamstrings and I stretch my hamstrings every day, but I'm still not flexible through my hamstrings. So this is where the brain says, okay, well, you're feeling it. You're going to do something that actually makes it worse. So guess what, I'm going to have to tighten it back up again because we are even more unstable, unless we figure out okay, how can we get stability through that joint? And that's again, flexibility is only as it's only going to last as long as you can control it. Otherwise, the brain is going to take it away. We don't want to take it away, but I mean, I think that that brings us to the conversation. So when you're thinking about mobility, we're looking at tissue capacity. So the muscles, the tendon, the fascia, and then we're looking at more control, right? So our nervous system, able to tell our body how to control that movement. Like you said, when it just stops, and then doing health, cartilage, capsules, and over your fluid. So when you keep saying that it's not just stretching, it's really not. It is strength and control. We have to have control of our body, because if not, to your point, there are different types of tendons that run through our body that says, if you're going to stretch all of a sudden, it stops. It's because it's like nervous like you said, to go past a certain range of motion. That's a protective mechanism. We want that to happen. However, if we just work on flexibility alone, especially if it's an area that doesn't really need it, so you keep talking about the hamstrings, most of our population unfortunately sits for a long period of time during the day. And when that happens, the front of our hips get tight, right? They're getting their stuck in a shortened position because we're sitting down all day. Our body now says, okay, this is actually comfortable, and then when I go to stand up, we're still going to stand up. Even though our hip flexors are in a shortened position and they're still tight, then when it's up happening, that's how we get that low back art. So when we were talking about it in gymnast, that happens most the time because of their sport. But just in daily life, that low back art, with the hips being pulled in a forward position, are we're getting that range of motion through our lower back. That's why people have compression issues with their bulging discs or they're starting to have issues with their vertebrae, or their lumbar spine. I mean, can I don't know how many L4L5 issues I hear about on a constant? And it's because of that compression, due to that low back art, which was the cause usually, not always, from the front of the hips being tight. But if my hips are forward, our hamstrings are lengthened. And so if I feel the back of my hamstrings, they feel really tight. But if I'm pulling a string from end to end, can an iron plant tug of war and you can pluck it, that's actually what's happening with our hamstrings. And so that's what we say. Don't necessarily think, well, because it feels tight, we should stretch it because in that instance, the hamstrings are already in a lengthened position. And now I'm really pulling them even further. And that's when we start to get sprains and strains and all the things that we hear about, especially in athletes, if they go in touch first base and they're already in a lengthened position and they go to stretch a little bit more, there's just no more to get. So that's why the assessment process is important. But just because it feels tight doesn't mean it is tight. And that's why really understanding anatomy and physiology in the way the body moves, it's always going to take the path of at least resistance. We're going to get movement no matter what. It's just, are we using the right things, are we borrowing, borrowing my friend from another joint or another muscle. And over time, if we keep borrowing and borrowing borrowing, then we're going to end up having injuries or we're going to have pain or discomfort in areas that we that could easily be avoided. If we were saying, oh wait, my hip support, it's not my hammies, it's my hips. So I stretch the right thing to re-align the pelvis. So at the end of the day, mobility matters because we're trying to get range of motion back into the joint. By ensuring we've got good motion or length into the right tissues in the front or on one side of the joint and the other and they're playing nicely so if you're just stretching a muscle and you're not strengthening any other side, that's a and then if you're stretching the wrong muscle and not doing anything on the other side, that's a double arm. And then yeah, if you're just working out for the sake of working out and not stretching it all, that's also a problem. That's right. I like how you have two different stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah, one of those things. I should be like a game show host, what do you think? I'll just be the button. No, you got it. But I think that I think when you talk about, the static posture is the sitting on thing, sitting on your hips, sitting on your hamstrings, that is a part of the issue. So I think one of the things that I like to go to when it comes to, okay, well, so what do we do about it? What's the practical application towards addressing the flexibility and the lack of mobility or that's stiff feeling? And I think we can start to talk about, okay, well, part of having good flexibility is stopping, right? You know, if you're, if you find yourself in a hole with the first thing you do when the stop digging, right? So if sitting down, prolonged sitting is one of the things that your body does or you have to for your job, you know, I'm not going to tell you to quit your job so you can just move all day. But I will say, okay, can you, can you take two or three minutes and, you know, after a long meeting or do you have a sitting stand workplace or do you have something to wear like if you're doing what we're doing right now, saying in front of our computers in front of the camera, could we do this from a standing posture position? And this is where I tell my clients, okay, to find five opportunities throughout your day where you can just get, can you get 10 minutes? Are we going to steal 10 minutes out of your day? And basically, you do five, two minute bouts of movement. So here's what we're talking about, just micro-movements or when do you and I've had that episode on movement snacks, exercise snacks? Right? We're not telling you to sprint down the block and back get the heart rate up or doing 50s squat jumps. But we are talking about take a, take a moment to do a standing hip lecture stretch. If you have the opportunity to lay down on the floor, doing, you know, thoracic, T-spine rotations. If you do a floor brit, something that just gets a little bit of blood flow to an area that tends to get tight or restricted. And that way, it's not that you end the day at five o'clock or six o'clock. Whenever you, whenever you turn off your computer and go on about your the rest of your life. But, you know, is there, what do you do after five o'clock? Right? So, you know, can you, can you clock out and say, okay, well, I don't feel as trashed because I stood up for five times throughout the day and I got it walking, right? And I was able to get some blood flow oxygen to an area because a lot of people don't realize too that when you're a epoxic, right? When you have lack of blood flow, which also means lack of oxygen, your sensitivity, your, your, your pain receptors actually are even more receptive to pain. Right? So, if you've got low back issues, guess what? You're going to be more sensitive to low back issues. If you don't do anything to get blood flow and oxygen to that area, which is, you know, pretty much why, you know, if we're talking about low back pain, hip pain, hand strength stiffness, because you didn't get any blood flow, you didn't get any oxygen to the area. So, of course, they're going to be sensitive and they're going to not feel as good as they possibly could as if you had stood up, did some split squats, did some toe touches, hip flexor stretches, and then sat down again. So, that's, that's one of the first things that I'll discuss with my clients okay, well, you feel tight, you want more flexibility? Well, what do we do about it? Well, first of all, stop doing what it is that causes you to be as stiff as you feel right now, right? Which is number one. Just, let's start moving. Well, he, that's, I mean, that kind of leads into one of my and which was progressive overload, meaning we want to challenge the body but gradually when your body is able to do time and attention, you can control yourself and the proper range of, you know, the ideal movement having good range of motion at the joint and really focusing on specific muscles that may have been weak based on what we're seeing. Like I said, if you see a compensation, we know obviously one side's tight, one side's weak, and we just want to try to loosen up the tight side, strengthen the weak side, so therefore the joint is in better alignment, better movement, but I think another one too is really that we don't talk that much about is hydration. I mean hydration, think about what our bodies made up of, right, mainly of water, and our cartilage and salovial fluid, they love water. And the thing is, if you're not drinking a lot of water, you're not hydrating yourself throughout the day, that is a big, I mean, that's a big health indicator as well. If you're drinking a ton of water, I mean within limits, right? So there's a certain amount of water you should be drinking every day. If you're not even hitting the minimum then you really want to just add that into. So like you said, add two or three minutes in a movement, grab a glass of water if that's not something that you're normally doing. The little bit of easy movements in the start and then gradually either add weight or add time, get your body under stress in a good way. So therefore you're starting to strengthen areas because if you just stretch and you don't do anything else and you're feeling a lot of discomfort, stretching is only going to help a little bit. It really is looking at it and it's an entirety, sleep well, drink water and then foam roll stretch and just do a little bit of strengthening. Doesn't even have to be a lot. A little bit goes a long way, can somebody tell me that one? A little bit does go a long way. And I think what, Wendy, I go back to the assessment and move efficiency and relative flexibility, I think also the point of basically doing stretches correctly is very important. You know, technique does matter. So one thing that I, you know, when you and I teach workshops, Wendy, when we talk about the way you do an exercising instrument, whether or not it was a good exercise to begin with. So if you had a good exercise done incorrectly, meaning you did have a good exercise but it's done with compensations and done improperly, you're going to use all the bad muscles, not bad muscles, but not the muscles that you're intending to use and the same thing goes for stretching. So if you go through a stretch and you a hip flexus stretch and you archer back, you're not addressing the hip flexus, right? You're not addressing what you know to be an issue. So having a personal trainer, as of course, as we would endorse the National Academy of Sports Medicine for information and personal trainer who is skilled at watching observation and movement patterns or if you just want to go on to YouTube and look at the NSM account for flex, look up NSM flexibility on YouTube and you'll see a bunch of stretches on there and you know, look at how they perform it and how you can do something with proper form and technique and go from there. So I think you know, move, move and move often, say hydrated, of course get your rest, graduate into a higher level of intensities and then of course just make sure you're doing the right things right, right? You don't want to do the right things wrong. Yes, that would not be ideal, okay. Yeah, we don't want to do that. So I think when it comes to mobility, Wendy, it's one of those that you think it's all straight and forward, but until you and I complicate things and add a little bit more depth and complexity because it is, it is a multi-modal approach to increasing flexibility and range motion. These are the things that we have to do to, you know, make sure that if you want to be less stiff and more mobile, it's not just, okay, what's the one thing I need to do? It's not one thing. It's multiple things, but if you do it, you do it right, you do in the sequence that you need to do it. You know, you're going to feel better, you're going to move better. So always the angle. Yeah, always the angle, look good, feel good. But look good first. Now, just go to feel good first, just kidding. So Wendy, thank you. Yeah, thank you for your insights and I'm sure you're not going to be, you know, doing homework any time soon in the split position. Right, not for, not for a while. If you try to, or saw me try to do the splits now in my old age, oh my gosh, it's painful. It's painful. It's painful. It's not how this has happened, but I'm telling you, if you also don't do it a lot, you will lose it. So that isn't a bad one to lose because it just means I finally strengthen my outer hip a little bit. However, yes, some of the other flexibility that should be there is not. No, you don't need it anymore. No one's throwing you in the air and catching you and yeah, so cheerleading days are done. For both sides of that, that's a good one. All right, Wendy, thank you so much. And for those of you watching both Wendy and I here on random fit. Thank you so much for your time and attention and like follow subscribe down load and let us know what you want to talk about in future episodes. So until next time, everybody, take care and be well.

=== FILE: Upper Body Exercises Risks vs. Rewards [pRTVKCZzaG4].txt ===

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and live. I am Prentice and I'm here with Wendy Bats and Marty Miller. How are you all doing this afternoon? Excellent. Excellent. Thank you. And behind the scenes we have we have Greg always keeping it together. He's the tie that binds us. He penetrates us. He gives us our superpowers over the internet. So what we're going to talk about today, talk about upper body exercises, risk versus reward. And oftentimes when I talk about exercises, I tell people that there's really no such thing as a bad exercise. But there's something like there's there's poor technique poorly applied and applied exercises applied unsafely without a plan. So I'm going to play your give you a little historical reference. I'm going to play your Jane Curtin to you. You guys can be Dan Accroyd and we're going to do a little point counterpoint. Okay? So let's talk about. So let's go ahead and dive in and talk about these upper body exercises. What some of the common ones are that we feel their better options and let's let's dispel some of those myths today. Wendy, take us away. Perfect. Well, this is to be we're going to do upper body today and then our neck webinar we're going to go over the lower body and then we do one on core. So so we decided because there are a lot of exercises out there that oftentimes people are not sure if they should do or they constantly do, but they start to feel pain and they don't understand why these pain keeps reoccurring. We wanted to take some time and actually go through some of the common exercises that we see or we hear about or people ask us questions about when they're working out. And so when we talk about risk versus reward, what we want to think about is, you know, we've talked and we've very we emphasize the importance of the five-connected chain checkpoints. And so again, when we're talking about those, it's the feet being pointed straight ahead. The knees in line with the second, third toes, the hips in a neutral position, shoulders in a neutral position, and your ears lined up basically in a straight line in neutral as well. So we're looking at the head. And so anytime that you're going to choose and exercise, you want to think, are you in the proper alignment and can you execute it safely? And I say this all the time, but safely, effectively and efficiently, to get the results that you're trying to achieve. And oftentimes what we see with some of the exercises that we're going to discuss is that you may be targeting that one particular muscle, but you also may be destroying the stabilizers or some of this surrounding joints. And so that's why we want to kind of open up your eyes a little bit to think about, hey, this isn't a bad exercise, as you said, but is there something that is safer? And so when we say, is there a safer alternative? We want to discuss some possible exercises that you could do instead of, whatever it is that we discuss just for the safety of it, even though you're going to get the same outcome, which is targeting the muscle or prime mover that you want to focus on. And then again, the question that we always are going to ask if someone says, is this a good exercise? The big question that we get with that is, well, I don't know, is it what's the assessment results? And what is the end goal for that exercise as well as for your clients? Because again, you know, there are many times that people come in with shoulder problems and then we do some of these exercises that are going to create more impenetment or more pain in the shoulder, so then why would we do it? And so we just kind of want to open up your mind, we don't, we're not saying, and I want to emphasize this from the very beginning that you cannot do these exercises. We're not saying that. We're just saying these are more of a high-risk exercise based on positioning and there could be some safer alternatives to get the same muscle to fire the way that you're hoping to get it to fire with what it may be, a higher risk exercise. So let me ask a couple of questions based off of that. And I think the answer is really right here in this slide. I want you to elaborate on that a little more. So when we talk about the five kinetic change checkpoints and the muscle imbalances that are that are driving these compensations. Once we address those compensations and I think you mentioned it, but are these these particular exercises that we're going to get into off the table forever or can we bring them back in when it where it makes sense? Well the answer to that is yes and no. And again, it depends. That's always the safest answer, but I mean we're going to show you like and we have some pictures of people performing the exercises. And so oftentimes when you're doing it, you really aren't taking two steps back and really thinking about positioning. For example, the first one we're going to discuss when you see the positioning of the humoral head in the shoulder capsule, it is not safe. And so in order to try to target and pinpoint muscles, if it's an exercise that could put the joint at risk, then why would you do it? And so when you ask me that question, I would say, you know what, I would prefer you not do it, but do this instead because it's safer biomechanically because of the positioning that you have to be in order to execute that particular exercise. However, if there is something that somebody just has to do and they love it and it's in their it's in their workout, like there is one exercise that you know, people are going to be like, well, why is this a risk versus reward because you see multiple people do it and it's for cosmetic reasons of why they choose to do that exercise. It is a great exercise to do when people need to activate a particular muscle. And so, you know, that's why we wanted to take some exercises that we commonly see people do that are at a high risk and some that, you know, what just consider why you're doing it because oftentimes people are super overactive in certain regions of their body that we want to take two steps back and say, hey, in order to really gain that cosmetic look, take two steps back, activate some other muscles, get good positioning and then add that into your program. Okay, and I'm still I'm still going to to dig in Wendy. I'm like a tick in Georgia in the summer time. Fantastic. So, and no, no, but seriously, taking it away from taking it away from aesthetics and we know that people do some of the movements that you're going to show later on in the deck for aesthetic reasons, but one thing that I wanted to ask is what about if this move, if some of the movements we do that potentially are unsafe if you program them incorrectly? What if they are derivatives and I think you guys know what I'm talking about, it's coming up in the next slide. It looks like, but, or no, I'm the next couple of slides, but what if it's a derivative for another movement, if it is a part of a larger global movement pattern? Do we take that, can we consider, can we consider doing some of these movements that may be unsafe at face value? Well, I think, I mean, it's hard to answer that question because again, I would never put a client in an unsafe environment ever. And so, if there is an alternative that I could do that would get the same outcome, then I should say go down that path and that road versus, you know, let's try it out and see if later on we end up having issues. However, there are some movement patterns that, yes, when we get to one of the second to the last one that we cover, it is part of our movement and if you are going to do overhead presses and stuff like that, some of these muscles are going to be involved. So you're just targeting them in a different way. And so, and Marty, I don't know if you want to add on to that. No, I mean, when we get through each exercise, we'll give the rationale behind, you know, why we singled it out for conversation today, but also talk about, you know, how to progress it, regress it or give, say for alternatives, because some of these exercise have just been around because they've just been around and they've never really been questioned from a biomechanical standpoint. So it's one of those things where it's a standard in the industry and it's like, you know, God forbid if we threw it away. Does mean we have to, but at least to understand what the risk to reward benefits or again, some of that gym science, like, oh, I didn't even realize that that was occurring. This is so much safer and I get as much joyment or better from it. And there's less stress on the way or the pedic structure. So those are the kind of conversations that we want to have. And then again, you know, if it's necessary, how can you, you know, program it without overtraining it and maybe build up the accessory muscles or their proper range of motion, so that way you have a lesser chance if you're using a higher risk exercise. And we would also think about the weight to princess because again, some of these exercises people lift a very, very heavy load. And it's like, okay, if you want to do activation, then maybe go back and think about corrective exercise. You know, we do 12 to 20 reps at a lower, you know, lower intensity to try to get one particular muscle to fire. And then at that point, if you're going to load it heavy, you know that you're going to have as Marty said, you're going to have the entire complex to help it out. Yeah, absolutely. And I think, please don't gloss over that point. And what we're saying is that there may be better exercises depending on the goal. But if you choose to do any one of the exercises that Marty and Wendy have that they've outlined, there's a progression for that. There's a process to build up the prime movers and the stabilizer muscles so that you can support that type of training. And with that, I am not going to talk anymore. And we can move forward. So the first exercise that we're talking about, and I know so many people love the our dips. Okay, and we're not just talking about the dips like this guy is doing, but we're also talking when you get the big belts around and you put a huge weight on it even and then you're throwing that up because it looks really cool at the gym. However, you know, what are you targeting? And obviously we're focusing on the triceps. But just even looking at the picture that we have included, I mean, look at the shoulder capsule and look what's happening at the anterior portion of the shoulder. And Marty, I mean, do you want to kind of go through a little more of the anatomy biomechanics stuff? Yeah, so this is a cover that I've had countless times at some of our live workshops. And inevitably, someone's like, well, what about if I'm using doing a dip on a chair, if I'm doing the dip machine or a dip is a dip is a dip, right? Like if it, you know, what's the saying, practicing? If it quacks like a duck, walks like a duck, it's a duck. And yeah, so we're not against dips because we have no problem strengthening the triceps and, you know, obviously there is a chest involvement. But again, we're going to go back to the five kinetic chain checkpoints. And when you look primarily at the first joint that we're going to talk about is the shoulder or gleno-cumeral joint, that's a very mobile joint. So when we have joints that are mobile, inevitably, we have to give up some stability to have that mobile joint. So you have an anterior shoulder capsule, a post-tier shoulder capsule. The anterior shoulder capsule, which is sitting here in the front, which helps you prevent dislocations amongst other things. It keeps the head of the tumorous right where it needs to be to prevent impingements and all these other things. If it gets stretched out and becomes too lacks, it doesn't go back. Once you stretch it, that is, you know, what you're going to have. You're going to have a lacks or stretched anterior shoulder capsule. That's why so many people that have shoulder dislocations are highly susceptible to reoccurrences of dislocations because they've changed the structure within their shoulder. The post-tier shoulder capsule, on the other hand, is the one that's supposed to have a little more flexibility than what we tend to see in people. Shoulder tipping forward because the post-tier shoulder capsule can't receive the head of the humerus and the anterior shoulder capsule has been stretched out. So when you're seeing this gentleman in that position and again, any dip you want, you end up in this position. Under load, you're driving that head of the humerus into that shoulder capsule and basically forcefully stretching it under load. Yes, you'll work your triceps and yes, you can get some chest involvement, but we can talk about other exercises. But then also look where your head position has to go. You have to drive that head forward, which now creates more stress in the cervical spine, changes things that the SC joint, the AC joint. So there's a lot of risk there. And here's the amazing thing about the tricep. Is the tricep extends the shoulder, helps in shoulder tension. That's the only two things it can primarily do. So when people change hand grip positions and do all these variations, the tricep really doesn't care much except did you extend the elbow and did you help extend the shoulder? Those are your primary functions. So there's so many cool ways that we can do this without putting load into that anterior shoulder capsule and allowing the head to come forward. And if you really look up, if you inverted that gentleman and put his hands, you know, about chest level, it's almost a push-up position. So there again, you can do push-ups. You can do different variations of push-ups or we can get into all the different traditional tricep exercise we see with the rope and all these other fun things, stability, ball, skull, crush your skull, crush your countless, different things you can do without putting the stress on that shoulder. Now, you know, if you're in your 20s and 30s, you might be able to do these and be like, doesn't bother me. I'm 40s and I know a lot of people that are in that generation or higher. And all of the sudden, the years of training and or sports that altered their biomechanics, they start to feel it later on. So we're not saying that you have to feel it right now when you're doing it, just understand the load and stress that you're putting onto your structure. This primary, that being your cervical spine, and definitely your anterior shoulder capsule, but gain. That's just a question you have to have. And if you feel comfortable with it, then, obviously, you're going to try to get as much flexibility in the pack as much stabilization in the cervical spine, limit your range of motion, but even under those circumstances, there's more stress on that shoulder joint than other tricep exercises we could choose. And to piggyback off of that, think about too. There are a lot of the individuals that come into your gym and you do the assessments. They usually have internal rotation just based on life. And so you're also feeding into a very common compensation that by even doing this. Plus, I mean, this gentleman is doing it with his entire body weight. So that is a lot of weight. He's also putting on the stress of that shoulder capsule as well as activating the tricep. So there are, as Marty said, so many different alternatives that they could do in order to target the same muscle. Okay. So let me give you another couple of use cases because I have a feeling we've been at this for several months. I'm starting to know our audience and audience you can call me out on that if I'm wrong. The specific use case in Marty talked about this often is that we train, we train movements, we train, we don't necessarily train muscles and taking it away from the aesthetics that you can potentially get big triceps or whatever from doing the dip. What about, how would you program this knowing that takes in one of the military who's responsible for PT, PT running their own course and getting a time? And then especially with the popularity of event like Spartan race and tough muddler where one does find themselves often in this position. You think over a 13 mile right half marathon distance. So how do you program that activity when they're going to be in a compromise because then how do you work with that maintain your stability? Yeah, going back to what you talked about. You talked about two sports and then a very unique job which is the military which let's just be honest, bootcamp for more designed for biomechanical safety. It was designed, can I break you down mentally and physically and see if you'll quit under pressure? So very unique compared to just generalized fitness which if we're doing generalized fitness, I'm definitely going to proud I won't put dips into the program. If we go into someone who has to do them, I look at it one of two ways. If they're doing it all the time anyways in their normal job or the activities like let's say you're training a gymnast, I'm not going to overload that pattern more the days are with me in the gym. I'm going to unload that pattern because they're getting enough of it. If I'm dealing with somebody who's trained with me for six to eight weeks and they're ready for that tough muddler and they haven't done dips because I've kept them off it. Yeah, going towards that competition, if dips are going to be involved, I do have to allow them to be there. Remember I now walk that fine line of training them? Now moving into a sport, there's a little more of an inherent risk where you could grab an injury but I do have to introduce that to them but the whole time I was creating their plan, I was working on their overall upper body strength so they will be good at dips. I've increased the flexibility of their chest and the range of motion that is going to be required so when they get ready to start training with the dips all of a sudden now it's not like hey wait a minute I don't have the range of motion. I don't know how to control this so it's a gradual build up with other sub-exercise as I do then we'll peak for that certain amount of time they go compete and then if they're not competing again for a while I'm going to get away from that movement pattern again. So again there's not an exact way to do it you'd have to take each person into account but I don't ignore it but I also don't over-trained if it's something they're already putting in their program in an activity. Yeah, perfect. You just have to live in your need to live in your sport you can get adequately strong and I think that's the purpose of this webinar could be wrong. You can get adequately strong taking your self out of the movements of the sport and training around those movement patterns that are often overloaded. Outstanding and I hope everyone was able to get that. There was a lot of information wrap up in Marty's statement. So if you have questions please fire them to Greg the man behind the curtain and we'll get those in for you. So let's we ready to move on. All right. So the next exercise that we chose we were staying again with the triceps and we're not trying to pick on the triceps we thought because we just discussed and we could throw this in as well because we see this very often and again people call them all different things and this in this particular example we just called it behind the head single dumbbell tricep extension. Some people call them as single dumbbell you know head a skull crusher and and think about the name of that and where it got its name it's because if you were going to do this and the proper the proper five kinetic chain checkpoints you would end up knocking yourself out on the top of the head. And so you want to thank too and you know as you look at this example there are some safer alternatives and you know what is the positioning that's happening now he's going to have to move his head forward he's also putting his shoulders and a close pack position so as far back as he can get them which is supposed to be you know it's the most taught the ligaments and the shoulder capsule but it's also you know you want to think about you're just going to increase you know you're going to decrease in pinchment too if you have an anterior you know if you're intern internally related think about what's happening and then now I'm asking you to take this huge weight behind your head and think about what's happening in the struggle that's going on in the shoulder capsule just again to get the triceps to work. So you know that's that's one of the the reasons we brought this to the forefront is because you know a safer alternative is just to do it single arm you know just take one and do it one at a time you're still doing the exact same motion however you can maintain the proper alignment and you can still execute it but instead of just one gigantic heavy weight behind your head why don't you just take it a little bit lighter and do them serum and you're still going to have the same benefit doing the same thing with a slight twist. Okay Marty you have anything I have nothing. Sure when you look especially I'll speak to males the odds of the males having the range of motion in their packs their lats external rotation it's statistically very very few people will have that ability we're not even talking about that you have to move your head forward and I've seen all up in the say well look I can get my arm in that position like you have a at what cost you're arching your back your ribcages flaring all of these other things so you know again it's the risk to reward so one of the exercise that I think's under utilize especially by men in the gym is a kickback and I like it because remember how I talked about the tricep will help extend the shoulder so now what I can do is I can pitch forward a little bit get into a good shoulder retracted position neutral spine as I lean forward and then I do that kickback fighting gravity I got a really work on all those scapular muscles to keep myself in the right position yeah the weight's going to be a little bit lower but your tricep will be working unbelievably because not only getting that extension it's at the elbow you're getting that extension of the shoulder all those things that we like to call about accidental exercise with all those muscles in the scapula doing that retraction depression core exercise you get huge bang for your buck where this one it's kind of the opposite you're going to hit your triceps but you're putting a ton of stress and when you think of that downward pressure into the cervical spine and knowing your spine is not neutral long term think about what you're doing to the you know your neck and as a structural point yep and Marty one of the one of the exercises that I love that I also unfortunately see done incorrectly and I'm sure you do as well is if people are focusing on the triceps like you use the kickback as an example one of my favorites is to use if I'm not doing a single arm but I want to grab the rope you know the two rope that has the the balls on the end is if you take it you know people will go straight down so they internally rotate and then they bring it to their quads when think about what you just said that the triceps are supposed to extend the elbow as well as the shoulder so you're not getting any shoulder extension whatsoever and again that shoulder extension isn't to the extremes but you have to think about positioning and so if you were to use that one particular you know very commonly used rope for tricep extensions if you pull them apart and work your external rotators in your shoulder that's one and then you go down and go into elbow tricep extension and shoulder extension you're really maximized the the potential of what the triceps do for our prime move to you're really going to execute that exercise I think tenfold especially over something like this correct and we're going to get into upper trap in a little bit but the other thing you know whenever I'm teaching it or using the triceps like that rope is to me it's not as much of a tricep exercise is it's an anti-shoulder elevation exercise right because you see people the so much weight that their shoulders are going this way yes standing your arm but again it what cost and are you really as strong as you think you are if you can't keep yourself in that nice posture position without the head coming so against to me it's actual exercise with traditional tricep extension with like the rope or something like the old crunch with the elbow extension that's right I love it then I move away for instance and I can have that I know that triceps are responsible for the for elbow should be able to do as well from our CS tech is to have that to just to do that exercise with a little shoulder flexion to put more just to stretch that stress that elbow extension a little bit more but other than that no these were all perfect exercises and we do have a question from Carrie Jean Carrie I don't know this is a question this is both a statement and a question and Carrie says we and we are terrible about stretching is oh my god I was about to say I prefer kickbacks how about this is going back to a previous slide what about body weight bench dips I think you answered that already windy but let's go back and revisit the dip so the answer is what is the the risk versus reward and I would tell you not to do dips because again you know it's just not worth it and and again as a personal story when I worked in baseball you know I worked with professional athletes and we had a pitcher that really loved and swore by dips he felt like that was something that was actually helping his his power output and we kept telling him like it's really not good because think of all of the movement that he has to do in his shoulder and just just the the the where and the beat down he puts on that particular joint throughout his career so every single day and he was in the gym not working with me but he chose to do dips on his own and he actually you know he went down into a debt cumeral head came out at the front of his shoulder and ruined his career and he was a 40 man player which means he was one of the the top players on that team and so that's why I say just be very very careful I mean we're not telling you not to do them however I would tell you I think there's a better alternative as Marty said I love kickbacks doing tricep extensions laying on the bench or a ball so school culture if crushers but independently I'm like a weight and a chance I think there's way more there's way safer alternatives than than just doing a dip if if you can let it go and I'll add to that you can get and Marty you should go to the go to the mountain top and scream this you can get a lot of miles out of pushups I've not seen a case where you know the muscle group could not have been benefited by pushups you have a lot of variations to go through before you exhaust and I think you just need to explore that you you try not me to you're going to do what works for your your clients and yourself of course but you have a lot of lot of progressions to go before you exhaust the pushup you know so hopefully we answer that question if not feel free to type some more out and we'll we'll go through you know whatever we need to in order to hopefully help answer answer the question further if we need to but but the next one we were going to talk about and this is going to upset some people I know is the upright row and you know Marty I'm going to let you take this one yeah so I'm going to I'm going to go right back to my athletic training days that's my first part of my career and still certified athletic trainer so we are there to assess injury and to make sure that people can continue to participate or do we need to pull them out of that activity and so we do a lot with the pedic type of injuries so one of the first things we learn in shoulder assessments is impingement and there's special tests there's a bunch of special tests for the shoulder that test different things but one of the ones that we learn right away is an impingement test where we basically mirror and upright row positions so what we're doing is we're doing internal rotation more on the impingement test than you see here but we're driving across their body to take the humoral head and just smash it into all the structures inside the shoulder to see and that's on not under low that's just body weight to see if that causes a symptom and recreates the pain if that is positive among other things you can start to assess that you have a shoulder impingement so shoulder impingement is basically there's a bit more to it than this but you've got four structures that can be impinged you've got your subscapularis which isn't the most common but you've got the long head of your bicep tendon and then your superspinatus and Terry's minor and infraspinatus that sit between these major bones so your humoral head and then your acromium and as they pass through there there's just a little bit of space that needs to be maintained there at all time if that space is ever you know compromised you're taking these little tendons and a burso that's also in there and you're squeezing it between two hard structures of bone that's where the impingement comes from so what I tend to see when people do upright rows a lot or some other exercises as soon as they let the weight down they give it one of these things and they're like ah well that's you just tested yourself under load for shoulder impingement but then people keep going doing it and when you look at the position here they're also shooting their head forward so now we change the biomechanics once again of that whole complex of the neck the shoulder so when you're most people are doing upright rows for upper trap which we're going to talk about or lateral del not opposed to working lateral del by any means and we will talk about upper trap here shortly so I'll be over here but there are safe for ways to load the lateral del without maximizing that shoulder impingement sensation so again not saying never to do it because apprentice I have a feeling you're going to throw this curve all at me what if I'm dealing with athletes that have to do snatches and overhead things again similar to my other uh sensation about dips is I will phase it in want appropriate look it with the end outcome may need to be and I might do things like kettlebells or other things I may not load it in this really tight position with a lot of weight because if you're going over your head at that point you better be using your hips and other your core to get that bar over your head so again it's one of those exercises that I can't say I utilize ever me personally but if you are going to utilize it if you're feeling that pain afterwards that's an indication of maybe that's not the right exercise for you but also again what's your long-term goals and are there safer versions to attack the shoulder so another long answer but I'm sorry and Marty to also you know when you were saying the different positions you know a lot of times people will say that they'll go into the empty can test which what that means is another test to see if you have a torn rotator cuff and we see this option the gym as well kind of targeting the same muscles it's a lighter weight they claim even though they're still using a lot of momentum head and throwing it up because you know these are really small muscles that you want to think about they're protecting the shoulder capsule but if you do it with your thumbs pointed down you're internally rotating and then you're lifting and you're lifting with momentum and lifting a heavy load well again just doing that thumbs down lifting up is a test to and orthopedics you know or a specialized medical professional to determine if if an area is is torn or injured so why would you want to train that way you know so as a safer alternative turn your thumbs up and do it that way lighten the load do it under control make sure that you quote own it because you're going to get more activation that way versus using momentum to lift heavy for something that you can actually increase the risks you know like you're you're increasing your risk of of tears and and injury right and just want to jump in there really quickly and Marty please correct me and before I jump into that thank you for stealing my thunder that's exactly what I was going to ask you I will get over it by the time we finish this webinar today but but this for everyone listening the orthopedic tests were meant they're designed to be provocative meaning they're designed to elicit that symptom that you're going into your healthcare provider for so we don't necessarily want to we don't want to strengthen that pattern I think that's what we want to get to there there's safer ways within our anatomical position that we can we can strengthen these movement patterns it's not by using a provocative test correct okay that's that's all I have since Marty asked the Olympic weightlifting question I guess we can continue all right so the friend that we're going to discuss is this rug and and again so I'm going to say something before I'm going to ask Marty to take you know take the floor on this one as well because this is one that he he wanted to include I mean shrugs you can do them so we're not again we're not saying that you should take shrugs out of your entire workout however we are going to go over the specific reasons reasons of why you just want to be careful when you do a shrug so Marty what would you say to that yes so now remember a lot of these exercises that we're talking about tend to be in the higher levels of the model first of all so again day one somebody coming in with deconditioned or have never really been through the OPET model that have faulty movement patterns you're going to see an increased chance of issues with a lot of these exercises we did talk about some that maybe we don't want you to do you know or we limit a shrug can be a good exercise but more than likely day one is probably not the best thing to get after you're going to see a lot of people are guarded or they tense up and they have an elevated position of their shoulder so at that point they're already telling you that they don't need strength in that they need to learn how to relax it maybe it's just a killing issue but again if they always are firing that whenever you see them do a push or a pull even at the lowest levels of weight watch what happens to their scapula you'll see a lot of people elevate and this goes for people that are sitting at the desk and all these other type of positions now assuming we got people through a progression then shrugs can be okay so you know there's the upper trap which is the general thing that we're targeting in a shrug however if you're doing it properly you will have the chin retracted which is now aligning my spine properly and again I will have a slightly retracted position and I'm going to come up under control pause and go all the way down under control at a much slower tempo than what you see I almost see ballistic shrugs in the gym and I also see every time they shrug their head pops forward I always call that like the the pez dispenser you know where their head comes flying forward so once again I've talked about a couple times think of all that stress and the cervical spine so these are type of things that we need to be careful of now the trap complex can do a lot more than most people think you can do it latedly rotates elevates and retracts the scapula and if the scapula is fixed it can do some rotation and movement of the head and neck so we're not saying never do shrugs but if not dealing with football players wrestlers mix martial artists that really big thick powerful muscles around their neck to guard it from impact probably not using a lot of weight with the people that I would eventually bring shrugs into and they have to do it with that chin tuck position slight retraction that ideal posture and it's going to be slower and controlled by far than what you would see in the gym and again this is not something that I'm usually firing off right away unless it's a total corrective exercise type of candidate and they've got some unique things that are going on in their scapula but again we're talking the weight would be so minimal at that point so I'm kind of surmising the majority shrugs we're seeing are in the gym with heavy heavy dumbbells or the heavy barbell and just to when you say the barbell that's the one that I see where it causes some of the risk versus reward because again if you have a straight bar and it's loaded very very heavily and you are going straight most the times as you can see even in this individual and this picture when she goes up into her shrugs look at what's happening at her shoulder complex so she's actually internalitated they're holding the bar out so she's not literally being able to keep her shoulders back and maintain the proper alignment while she's like actually going through the motion so just be careful like you said I mean we're not saying not to do them there is a time and place but just make sure that they're in really good alignment that it's safe and that as Marty mentioned multiple times under control and that they need it you know so that's the big and I'll add to that we brought up a good point a couple of slides ago similar to that for our tough mother people you have to consider we we're working with office workers and people who are chronically stressed and one of those one of those reflexes is to shrug and internally rotate so we don't want to then turn around and take that exercise and add that movement pattern off of on to and already compromised posture and apprentice to go off that thing that you just kind of cute me to think about you know a way that I use something similar is I do a lot of carries because I can again get the right way I can get dumbbells so now I'm a little more externally rotated or neutral I can get them to get set and yes they are going to be using their upper trap to stabilize but I don't have them walk around in the carry position elevated most times unless again very sports specific but there's nothing wrong with doing carry arm carries or two arm carries but again I'm not elevated as I'm carried I'm retracted chin tuck and of course I'm strengthening my upper trap because it's preventing movement and of course it's helping carry that load it's just I'm not always doing that shoulder elevation portion so it's another way to kind of attack it without forcing that elevation perfect okay so are we ready to get wow are moving along yeah we're going to move along this one I'm not going to touch I don't do them personally but I'm not going to touch it when they with the ground yeah well of course we wanted to add in the behind the neck lap pull down and as you can this gentleman is not in the five kinetic chain check points and you know I did mention the closed position and you know you say that thinking about what's happening at the shoulder um the limits in that position are the most stable but that's also where you don't want to crank a lot of weight on because of of the what can I do the shoulder capsule in that position so it's really not a benefit going into that particular in the neck but it does a lot of us on the shoulders as neck because you have to move your head again out of the way now we are not saying to perform lats we are not in that any type of pull down for lats is bad because again you can do individualize canals you can actually use a bar slightly lean back still maintaining proper alignment of the spine drawing in the core and then driving down and having the bar come right around your sternum I think it's fantastic exercise it just allows you to maintain proper alignment and it also keeps the joint in a very very safe position and Marty I don't know if you want to add into that what I like about the variation between the behind the neck and the front let's just let's assume that there was no problem with the behind the neck you're going to have less range motion where in the front you're going to have more of that shoulder depression and retraction so you're actually even gaining more from that added range of motion with what we need the scapula to do so when we add that on top that's where it's just hard for me to do a behind the neck I don't personally do them I don't train people to do them just due to the fact that I love the extra range of motion and the safety of what's going on in the shoulder in the neck and before we continue along that line Natalie has a question and thank you Natalie for jumping on and spending your time with us today and also before I forget Carrie thank you for sending submitting your question and for being on today Natalie wants to know we could go back to the the shrugs what are some safe Marty you mentioned a couple with the the carries and definitely holding dumbbells but what are some others safe alternatives for shrugs I personally like to do any type of shrug standing I I know there's the seeded shrug type of machines not a big fan because I've taken out my core to me mean personally it's a little harder to keep somebody in a neutral spine position and I want their glutes engage at all time and if I'm carrying over to real life activity more than likely in real life I'm going to be using my legs and other body parts as I would ever have to pick up any forceful way so for me I stay away from the seeded even if I was going to sit and do dumbbells so I love the carries I absolutely love them or if I can't do a carry I have no problem but I will personally always use dumbbells because of what the points at Wendy made and I will do them without wraps you know apprentice you and I grip in the power lifting days where you strap you know for the pull downs everything you really lose that grip and we know that there's a huge correlation between shoulders stability and grip strength so I go I actually do my shrugs when I am doing them slower because I really want that time on her tension in my grip so those are just different ways I'll do them and I like the one arm carries so that way I have to really my core and I've even done like a one arm type of carry with lunges where I'll lunge 12 times with the weight my right hand 12 times the weight my left hand and again I'm focusing on the proper position of the lunge of course but also we need to do at my shoulder complex including my spine and trap and you know scapula so that way I can do it you know it's a little bit of coordination there as well and there's another one that my husband likes to do that he likes when he activates his shoulders and said a lifting heavy and it's a specific activation of the of you know targeting the same muscles that were targeted in a shrug is that he would do like an overhead press but then add a shrug with that so therefore there's not a lot of and you know any pulling down on the on the shoulder if somebody can't do a farmer carry or a different type of carry or they don't feel like they're benefiting it because the weight is too much for them to control that even doing a seated press with a kind of a shrug up at the same time you could do that as well. Okay so hopefully Natalie that that gives you some alternatives for adding some shrug exercises into your programming so let's go back since we're on positioning in alternative so let's go back to the lap pull down now and talk just revisit the alternatives that you you talked about Wendy. Certainly so so again you know they they do have like the the cable machines where you can grab as cable from each end you can sit down or you can stand get yourself in the five kinetic change checkpoints and then just drive your elbows down and back you know that's that's one of the the more common ones that allows you to be in a very very good safe position. If you want to use the bar as I mentioned earlier you can be in a seated position you know if you want to slightly lean back so again you're not leaning all the way back and there's no motion at that point once you set your hips and you set your core you're just actually going now controlling the bar so you're not letting it dry view up and pull you off of the seat. That's another one that you can do you know there's there's a ton of there's a ton of you know there's pull overs that you can that you can do with dumbbells. Marty I don't know if you have some favorites. No I think you can you know hit them all those are the ones that I tend to use and the only other thing too I'll do is the suspension training where I'll shorten this the suspension training I'll sit right underneath it and then you can do pull ups in that variation as well. Yep. So are there any more so we it looks like we're at the end so are there any more questions from anyone who's listening with us today and we're waiting Wendy tell us what your what your big takeaways are for today. So the big takeaways that I feel about doing this presentation and the ones that that are going to be coming up in the near future is think about the safety of your client a lot of times we really love exercises because we grew up with them but is it really the safest thing for your can and I think that's the big thing when you're designing a program always keep the client in mind keep their assessment goals and results in mind and then design the program that's going to benefit them to be able to to fire the prime movers that you really want them to activate throughout the workout but in the safest manner possible so the five can edit change checkpoints really you know make sure that you own the exercise that can you control it at the tempo that needs to be happening to build the adaptation and the phase of their end and then at that point you know happen with it so if you know if you feel like you want to do a dip and you think that you can do it and that's something that you want to do that is all you we just to provide with some insight and kind of some not about listen if you do this just please keep this in mind of what could happen long term on an injury standpoint and so yeah and if you want to contact me my information is up there so it's just when he dot bats at nsm dot org and then my Instagram is windy dot bats 13 all right awesome and before we get to Marty you brought up something really interesting just about understanding what's good for the client and Marty you've talked about before you at some point if you're going to be in this industry long term really expand your toolbox so but having said that most a lot of trainers first portal of entry into the fitness industry is through a modality I know you mentioned TRX it could be kettlebells it could be whatever that is so what's your advice to that person to get them to use that modality but also the client in mind keep them safe yeah so interesting like I came up with something that just effects in my mind I call my three rules of training is first do no harm which as a medical professional we have to take that oath but we just talked about a lot of opportunities here to evaluate what's appropriate then you got to give them what they want why you give them what they need again they may have grown up as windy set or you may have grown up or these modalities so think about that and then change it up as needed and study study more and understand that any of the sums that toolbox where you could fit every modality within the industry when you look at it from a five kinetic chain check point standpoint as well as where in what phase of training and the regressions and regressions and then the final thing is have fun with it right we don't want to make this you know painful not talking about physical but just the process so that's kind of how I go through anytime I was training a client or even for myself so go out and get all those modalities but don't get confused between a modality and a evidence based system fall in love with that evidence based system and then put all those modalities that you love in the proper spot. I'm standing do you have any more more takeaways for today Marty? No except just come back next week and we'll go through lower body. Sounds good. And then my contact information is right there. Marty.miller at nsm.org and then dr. Marty Miller and two for Instagram. All right well thank you very much and if there are no further questions thank you windy and Marty as always for providing us with this information and thank you Greg for holding it together and thanks to everyone who stuff with us for the entire hour we will see you it's time.

=== FILE: Upper Body Mobility for Swimmers [i3GP3PgjC2A].txt ===

Hi, I'm Kabel O'Wood, the National Academy of Sports Medicine and I'm here with Carolina Ray at C-Ri Performance and we're here at the Training Station in Alameda, California. And we're going to film a video here for you for basically to intermediate level or strength level swimmers. So when I say strength level, this is assuming that the swimmer in this example, has gone from the stabilization, phase of training and there's some more in the strength phase of their programming. So for the general person, if you want to try this, this is going to be a biased workout movement preparation for the upper body. So try it out either way. We know you'll get a better mobility out of it for the upper body. So, Carolina here has a fairer team. Any book type of implement that you can use to get around back at the shoulder at the top or down here is going to help out. There's a lot of options out there, but their team has been one of the bigger ones out there for the last few decades. So what you're going to do is you're going to take that hook and you're going to see the focus on right now is the Terry's major. So just to be right above the armpit. So think about the Terry's that lies right above the lats. So if you get the Terry's or if you get a little bit of the lat either way, both those muscles when they're overacted, especially when you have that computer posture, you're flexed, you're frowned in forward this area in general tends to get tight. So if she's in this area, she's in the ballpark. So what she's going to do is go and give a slightly narrowing in. So she's going to place that hook knob right on the back part of the shoulder blade. And then she's holding on to these knobs in the front to help leverage her to get that knob into the back of the shoulder. Now just like any other self-mine facial technique where you're using a foam roller or the hyper ice the spear. You're going to hold onto that spot for about 30 to 60 seconds or until you get about 50% decrease in tension. So let's just say she's got that. It's calm down a little bit. And she's going to go ahead and turn it around and she's going to use this handle right here. And she's going to find a tennis spot across the front of her shoulder. So here we're going to get more of the pack region. So she's going to hold on there. She can hold on there. She can hold on. She can hold on to the front part of the hook. And she just lets the weight of her hand or her arm come in and just adds that pressure. A lot of times there's enough tennis that you don't have to push all that much. That feeling. Right. So she's holding it there. And again, she doesn't have to put all that much pressure together. A little bit of tension to get that. Listen to that relaxation response. All right. Perfect. So let's say that's 30 seconds. Great job. Now. The next thing to do is to stretch. So once we apply the self-mile factual technique, whatever implement that you have available to you, now it's time to stretch. So Kelly is going to start off with a packed stretch. So she's going to take the visual ball. She's going to put her arm out to the side. Now again, the pack. I'm going to show that the fan shape region here. So the pack fans out towards the cloud of the goal and the sternum. So if you want to come a couple degrees up or a few degrees down, it's all going to hit the sandwich and put it different angles. So she's going to hold out to the side. And what she can do is, the silhouette just dropping the shoulder and seeing that this pops up to the right. She wants to maintain good shoulder integrity. And if anything, she's just going to turn her chest away from her elbow. Now you might see different variations of the pack stretch. This is just a ball version of it. She can easily stand in a door jam or if the door is narrow enough, you can put both arms up or just focus on one side. But just like any other static stretch, you want to hold down what she's going to do here because this is more of a strengthening program. She's going to go into the stretch, go to the point of tension and then she's going to relax. So you'll see here it's very subtle move. So she's just going to come in. Turn away. Hold that for a couple of seconds and then she's going to back off. And then she's going to re-engage. And as she re-engage is a rotate, this ball is going to just go ahead and rotate or spin out a little bit and then come back in. And you'll get about eight to ten repetitions from that standpoint. So if there's a gradual build-up, she can do a static stretch first and then get into her act of especially if there's a lot of tension there. Sitting behind a computer or doing a lot of forward motion, where she's going to listen that tension across the front. So she's going to switch again, loudspeakers do. Go ahead and relax. So she wanted to add a little bit of an active, loud stretch to get the e-tariys. That's also an option for her. All right. So now, one second. Wait a second.

=== FILE: Using the Habit Loop to Break Old Habits [5GVPpdlkBF4].txt ===

Hey, welcome back. We make thousands of decisions day in and day out. And for most people who are making the same type of decisions and the same type of environment, these decisions are ultimately being handled from our fast-bring. They're automatic, based on years of learned patterns, and may also ultimately conflict with our goals. So what do we do if we have habits that we believe are problematic? You know, ones that ultimately have a negative impact and are keeping us or our clients stuck. Let's take a look at how we can use the four elements of the habit loop to unlearn a negative habit. Now, beginning with the queue, and an ideal environment, while you just remove that queue. But queues are complex. And they include time of day, they include people of mood, environment, and other behaviors. You can't always eliminate those. And you may be able to avoid them or alter them so that they remain within your control. Say, for example, your client complains that he is always overeating in the evening. And one of the reasons he overeats is because when he gets home from work, he eats the snack while he's making dinner. Now, if the queue is when I get home, then I grab a snack from the fridge. He may choose to come in through an entirely different door that doesn't land him into the kitchen. Or maybe he could decide to head to the bedroom and change clothes instead while he decides what he wants to make for dinner or what a healthier snack might be that doesn't necessarily compete with the dinner. When it comes to craving, this is the part that usually makes people give him to the old habits over and over again. They feel this craving coming on, right? Maybe it's a decision to rate the pantry or fridge, and that craving grows and grows and grows. It's as if that once your client recognizes you once to eat something, his brain won't crease the urgency and the intensity of that craving. And, to absolutely, it's so strong. So to change the craving, and this is really something that works with repeated use and practice over time, you can teach your clients to use a strategy that's called urge serving. If you think of your cravings or urges like an ocean wave, they will come on and they rapidly increase in size and impact. Now, when we think about an ocean wave, what happens when that ocean wave has reached its peak? It's going to break, right? And then it's going to begin to come back down. And the same is true for your client's cravings. On average, for most of us, it takes about 15 to 20 minutes before those cravings will go away. Now, depending on the habit, this could differ, and you know, sometimes it could be a little bit longer, maybe a little bit less. But the key is to remember that left on its own, the craving will eventually go away. The first time your client tries to resist that urge and surf the wave, it's going to feel pretty intense, because the brain is used to giving in and making that choice. The brain always says, oh man, I'm hungry, I'm going to open up the fridge. But eventually, with repeated practice, and the same, no, it gets easier. To recall that with COVID-19, there was so much talk about flattening the curve. Essentially, that is what we're talking about with urge surfing, and that's what urge surfing does. It keeps lowering the intensity of the urge until eventually it is so flat that really it doesn't really affect us. We can almost ignore it all together. So strategies for writing out the urge include waiting at 15 to 20 minutes before deciding if you want to give in. But you can also take advantage of distraction. No finding something else to do to write out that 15 to 20 minutes, maybe going for a walk. Or clients can also substitute a healthy option in its place. Maybe instead of writing the fridge in pantry for the high calorie and salty snacks, your client could opt for a piece of fruit instead. We'll talk more on snacking in the next video. Then to target the response, your client could increase the distance between himself and the high calorie snack that he tends to eat before and while making dinner. Maybe he only keeps healthy options in the house, so even when he does read the pantry, well, it doesn't do much damage. Or maybe he decides that he wants to move the tempting snacks to a far removed cabinet instead, or they'll be out of sight out of mind. And then lastly, to target the reward aspect, your client could find someone to help hold him accountable. Maybe that's you. And every night, he just sent you a text to let you know that he's successfully navigated that habit loop. Or maybe it's a spouser's partner who's kids. Now sharing these give up goals makes it that much more likely those old habits will be given up. We'll see you next time.

=== FILE: Using the Habit Loop to Create New, Positive Habits [7gUgOWha4ao].txt ===

Welcome back. So we've talked about the habit loop, fast and slow brain, and the power of identity and tiny habits. Now we're going to focus on how we can use the habit loop to consciously create positive habits. Let's work through an example. So we'll soon be client once to start a training program with you and help to work out first thing in the morning, three days a week. Let's walk through the habit loop to see how we can make it more likely that she consciously chooses this behavior and repeats it until it's habitual. Starting with the cue, the key is to make it something that occurs consistently. Now in the example, she is choosing to work out first thing in the morning, which actually makes it easy because really not many things are likely to get between her waking up and her response of going to the gym and training. So an easy strategy is to cue yourself if you're going to do and have your clients choose a behavior at any time of the day, is to find a statement where they are pairing their new behavior with something they always do. So creating a when I then I statement. When I do X, then I do Y. Or in this case it might look like when I wake up, then I work out. So have your client think about how they can tie the new behavior to something they're already doing and bonus points if it's something that they do consistently day in and day out. And for the craving, one of the things that's challenging is you've got to get a little bit more creative because you have to think of what will make your client crave something that she's currently not doing. Now one way to do this is to have her come up with a want to do activity and pair it with this need to do activity. So for example, if your client says, you know, I really want to be spending more time with my friends, maybe she can pair that with her new need to do behavior of working out in training. To crave the workout, she would combine her training sessions with you with that other activity of hanging out with her girlfriends and maybe sign up for group training. So in this example to crave her morning workouts, she signs up for group training with her friend, which makes her really look forward to her workouts even more and makes it much more likely to show a hold of yourself accountable and show up to train. Now let's talk about the response. This becomes really important because your client needs to make sure that the response that she's choosing is something she's likely to do. Now for this one, I usually have clients think of a scale of 0 to 10 with 0 being equal to no chance of doing that three sponsor behavior and 10 being like absolutely certain can knock it out of the park. You want your clients to choose a response that they can stick with 90% of the time or that they feel like there are nine times out of 10 going to make happen. When you talk to your client about training three days a week, maybe she says, yeah, absolutely. I can make that happen. I can commit to three days a week. But if your client came back and said, you know what, I only feel like I'm confidently able to do that seven times out of 10, then you'd want to look at what would make that number higher. Does she need to go to fewer training sessions per week? Does she need to make those training sessions shorter? You know, what would make her increase her confidence and make sure that she could absolutely do that response? Because we want them choosing behaviors that they're going to make likely to happen so that they can repeat them over and over again. And then finally, let's talk about the reward. How can you plan at reward herself for her new behavior? What immediate response can she include in her routine? No, it would make it feel like an absolute win. You know, for years when Chris and I ran, a woman's only fitness boot camp first thing in the morning, we had several women who would come to camp only because on the days they made it to their workout, they would stop with the coffee shop afterward to reward themselves for having gotten that exercise in. Have your client consider what she can use as reward for her efforts in order to make it much more like they stick with. Immediate rewards are best, but as long as she finds any behavior or any reward rewarding, and it does it compete with her ultimate outcome while then anything can really work here. By consciously thinking through the queue, the creating, response in the reward, your client can create support for her new behavior and increase the likelihood that she will keep on forming that behavior and repeating it until it forms a new habit. So the next time you or your client's have a habit that you want to work toward, consider how you can use those for elements to make it stick. See you next time.

=== FILE: What is Balance Training and How Does it Work [2aQUbWpyCEk].txt ===

Welcome to that NASM CPT podcast and our Facebook Live webcast, my name is Rick Richie. And I want to thank you and welcome you for being here with us today. And today we have a wonderful guest. I'm really quite excited about it was at Optima either last year or the year before that I had seen Dr. Scott Cheetam speak and it was really quite fond of him and the work that he's done and we had some opportunities to actually meet and work together on some projects. And one of those projects is the newest version, the newest iteration of the NASM correct of exercise specialist. So he is not just a subject matter expert for us on that. He did a lot more. His roles and responsibilities for helping us develop that role that out were really much bigger than what they think they started you at. But with that being said, I want to welcome Dr. Scott Cheetam. Thanks for being here. Yeah, hey Rick. Thank you and I want to thank you for allowing me to be on this podcast because to be honest, I feel complete now. Yeah. But I'm part of your podcast. I do. You had me at Hello. There are all of us. I am just kidding. But yeah, I know I want to I'm just excited to be here and you know just a chat and just have some fun and talk about you know some some of the topics that we have but also be with the NASM family and just kind of sharing. So so I just hope everyone out there's being being safe and healthy during this time. So, hey, thanks a lot man. Thank you. So I guess one of the questions I initially have for you is you brought up this idea of one of the research studies that you're working on right now and it has to do with balance. And that really peaked my interest because it happened to be doing an actual workshop at Optima this year 2020 on balance because it's all throughout the OPET model as you know. And so when you said you were doing some work on balance, I said, I can't wait to have this discussion because maybe I'll learn something. So I can go and teach some extra stuff over at Optima that I didn't have in planned on. So before we get into the actual study, can you just tell me how do you come up with the ideas that you end up doing research on and this is not your first rodeo. You've done multiple research studies. Like what what kind of poke you and says this is the direction to go in? Well, you know, I think that's a hard question because you know I because you know, I even though I'm you know, I teach and I do research and stuff. I still have a thriving clinical practice. So I don't know about all of our all of our family out there listening to the podcast, but I don't know about you guys, but I when I see something in the clinic that I don't know or if I have a question, it comes up. And so a lot of my a lot of my stimulus to create these studies or create these clinical questions through these studies is questions that I can't answer in the clinic. You know, and I'm seeing that I'm seeing this with it. I'm seeing this with with with clients and at all different levels and stuff. So a lot of my more recent research was, you know, is this trying to find out these practical questions that will make our client sessions and our treatments if you're out like health professional or your your fitness assessment and your vision is training better. You know, so. Well, can you talk as a get us into a little bit about what this research study was? What what happened with this one? Why did you choose to? To go into this particular topic? Okay, well, I think it's interesting because the study we did was on a concept called balance conference and you know, this has been a very popular kind of area of study for older individuals and you know, I don't want to put everyone to sleep this morning, but this kind of look at the research for older individuals, they the majority of the research is found that if an older person is confident with with with with static or dynamic movements, there is a decreased risk of fall. And so I thought that was interesting because when we when we look at that concept in it, if we do like let's say the state of the state of the rehabilitation or if we do balance training a lot of times in the clinic or the gym setting, we use all the unstable objects, right? You know, the famous boasts or we use the airfield discs. We use the phone pad and you know, there's there's the wobble board and the voodoo board. You know, there's all these two these different props that we use, but the thing is is that when we talk about younger populations and we talk about let's say the OBT model and we start with you know phase one and move to phase five with our clients, we typically use a lot of these unstable objects just to kind of switch it up and just kind of have final with our clients and stuff. Well, one thing I noticed over time is that when I started doing rehabilitation on you know athletes with like ACL repairs, right? You know during my rehabilitation being an orthopedee and also like ankle springs and stuff, you know every time we put them on an unstable object, it took a couple sessions for them to build that confidence, okay? And so one of the, one of the I believe one of the psychological barriers could be that if someone's not confident with the object just like just like like you know like for example, like if you and I were walking all the sudden we're walking the snow and then we hit like an ice patch. We kind of all of a sudden going to that ready squat position, right? And then we're kind of you know we're kind of like you know we're kind of finding our way. Well over the years I've seen that when someone gets put on like let's say it both do all of a sudden they're in that crouched position. They're looking straight ahead and they wouldn't even look you remember that they had to pick something on the wall and balance, you know and they don't acknowledge you and they're just sitting there and so so that that came up with the idea of saying okay well what, you know how does this, how does this concept, it's very popular in the elderly population translate to a younger act of population. So we looked at you know the, and I'll kind of get branched at the study element. We looked at two things we looked at anticipated which you know you know where they were, well we looked at anticipated versus actual ones. So what we did was is we took five common objects within the ground, the foam pad, the discs, a balance board and a boast. And so we we tested 65 after the adults with no injuries and then during phase one of the study we set everybody a survey that showed the pictures and we had them rate their confidence just checking them out like oh yeah that was easy you know and stuff like that and then we we did what's called a washout period where we give them a week off of the study so that they can kind of forget things and function and then we had each of them come back and then we had each of them actually stand to lake and one lake so bilateral and you know, lateral on each object and then rate their confidence again. And so we were trying to do anticipated and actual real confidence because believe or not just kind of a side note there's a there's quite a bit of research out there that shows that that active adults get injured in gyms because they overestimate the exercises and I think we seen that with our clients I figure this grab a bunch of dumbbells and start working out but there's actually some studies out there that show that injury rates are high when it comes to like machinery and and clients doing things so that so that kind of that kind of set us up and so just kind of ensure we we found that obviously the anticipated was a lot more higher because before a lot more confidence with with these unstable objects than they were actually so so so it was it was the first in a series of studies that we're doing but looking at balance confidence we we found that the actual you know that them actually trying it seems to be a better qualitative thing so so so the take home here is is for like you know fit pros and now at health professionals it's better for for the client to possibly do a trial on the object first and then you know so and then we use days zero to 10 scale for them to measure their balance confidence and then that that kind of gauge how we can progress or regress the activity through this construct and I do have a question is this this indicating that that people seem maybe they're more confident before they get on this object and when they get on the object suddenly they're hit with about a humility that these objects are maybe a bit more than they expected is that well where what you're saying yes exactly yeah when we're we're and so and again you know when the study comes out it's a little bit more clear but yes exactly so when people get on the objects they they automatically became fearful and then they started doing all their balance strategies right you know their hips are moving their ankles are moving and and so because if you lot if you look at a lot of the research Rick on you know the the performance of athletes on all these balance objects it's all about observable performance it's not there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing in the research that's considering the person's psychological perception you know their confidence with that what are they usually qualitatively what are they usually trying to answer then well sorry I say because I know I read through the proposed research study and one of the things that was said is that you know they want to to know if they feel confident to go back to play right so to go back to their sport are there other things that they they've been kind of looking at and this is the first time you've looked at confidence for a balance yeah so a lot of times they're looking at more of like motor controls stability it says pretty interesting so so these these you know these researchers were looking at any type of like a single like squat they're looking at the depth jump you know single like hops they were looking at more of a motor control strategy but they never looked at the correlation between you know the confidence during the rehabilitation and then the confidence is that as the effort returns to play and so I think yeah and so I think that that translates over to our no clients because that that can open a motor neuro window you know if they're confident with the object to build more progressive law now there is a question at least I think in in the research us to whether or not and you alluded to it in the beginning but as to whether or not these tools that we're talking about actually help support people in their balance um what have you seen in regard to that and you know what are the purposes of using these tools um if you know do they relate back to assisting somebody with balance that is on a stable surface and if it doesn't then why do these these modalities get implemented yeah I think I think that's a great question so so I think the first thing is and and I think it's important to bring up is the term balance is such a broad term as you know right and and I think that any of us in family will realize that if we if you read different research articles or different pariotic goals or different things the the term balance is used for many different things but if we go back to the science we know that balance is a compilation of three physiological systems right it's it's our eyes because we have to see what we're doing that works with our inner ears which is our most individual system and then obviously we have our somatosensory system which we typically call properception right so so those three systems working unison to give us that balance and so a lot of this um a lot of this research has just used these unstable objects without truly defining balance and looking at the translation of function is is what you're alluding to and so a lot of these modalities are used just just for fun and stuff but if we go back to the research and we kind of look and I don't want to get too many names but you know if we we kind of go back and look we can see the we can see the two though that um that if we look at the squat right they there's been some really good research coming out that is shown that if you squat on an unstable object your your the the power of the movement decreases compared to the stable surface right and and one thing we one thing we talk about is is when someone's standing on an unstable object we call the leaking energy out does that make sense so someone's having these big perturbations and they're shaking everywhere and stuff they're leaking energy elsewhere and they're not translating energy through their feet with like a closed-chain activity and so so a lot of the research shows that on an unstable object we you are getting multiple muscles contracting because that co-contraction for stability but you don't generate power so a lot of this research doesn't have a clear purpose and so that's where I think people are getting mixed up because they we all want to use these modellies to make it fun for our clients but again we go back to the the of the smart goals right and we have to say hey what is what is the goal of this exercise and that's where that's the out of training people you know that right connecting the modality with the purpose and so to mean those are kind of the strengths and limitations and so just kind of in summary there's really little translation right now to say okay I can have someone stand on a bow suit for two months and then their gaze is going to be great you know I'm going to get a skip on out of the gym you know like that so right I mean you know or you know they're going to do river dance or right you know after the most you know which I must hand over to so the road that yeah so yeah so that's kind of that's kind of insured you know I'm not trying to get to your but yeah it's it's it's it's it's a lot to it you know yeah well I remember I'm not sure story about my dad this was probably 10 years ago and he lives he lives where I grew up so my mom and dad are still there and place called Florence Alabama and my dad says to me one day he goes Rick the city of Florence gave us these big garbage cans and we got to put a trash and these big garbage cans I got to take him out to the street and then they can use the machine and dump it and they put it back down and bring it back down to the garage so I rolled that can up the hill and I got to the street and he goes some a balance has gotten so bad that I didn't leave the garbage can there I had to walk back down with it so I have something to hold onto and and I said wow man that's you talk about taking for granted things that that you just have until you realize you've lost it and then how scary that can be and I had him just you know just quick assessment you can you stand on one leg and you know hold on get get close to something and as anybody does he did his best leg first and it was terrible and then I said let me see your other leg and you could barely pull his other leg off the ground he was scared to so now we're looking at that confidence again and this is kind of what you were talking about except the folks that you were doing this with were were about 24 years old and my dad at the time was it was in his I think it was in his early to mid 60 so not even that old and he was getting very very concerned he was very apprehensive regarding his balance you know I don't want people with bad balance to be cavalier about it right like like people seeing the disc or the the phone pads and then looking at it and going oh I can do that but when you actually try it you can't can can this research kind of make any correlation with you know my dad's perceived confidence and what's going on with him and and clearly something for him to be aware of and as he built his confidence does that actually relate to better balance. Wow you're you're asking all the questions today. Yeah I love it yeah I know that this is that it's not what you've studied it's not what the research is about and I know it's just speculation unless we have evidence to show it so just you know yeah no I love it I encourage you I love the questions no so so you know so a couple things so first thing is as far as research and stuff yeah we needed you know my group we needed to figure out how the engine works so that's why we that's why we did healthy people first so our next study that we had and it was about to start before the COVID came out was we were going to compare older individuals to a engine population so so yeah I'm a Kiely's 10 and 10 and no so so we were going to compare those so we're going to hopefully house the answers about that too now talking just plainly you know I think I think there is some translation because we're we talk about when we talk when we look at the whole idea of what's called fear of wind or confidence issues and an individual's that typically the confidence the confidence someone's confidence almost drops by greater than 50% after one or two falls as I'm an extent okay so so so so when we so when we look at the older population like I don't know 65 or older a lot of times there were sedentary they're not as active and it's like that they they have these these postural syndromes and so like that so a lot of their their body isn't as mobile as it was and so you have this whole muscular skeletal kind of decline will that obviously affects that obviously affects balance right because balance is all the receptors and it's muscular skeletal so so it is true though that we do see at the client and confidence in general as people get older but and so that's why there's there's such a push right now and I'm sure you know you're on a bike I am that's why we're trying to to disseminate the information is that you know balance has to begin at the early ages and continue all the way through because you know if we like it or not if we're carrying groceries up the stairs right if we're if we're rehabbing an ankle spring whatever scenario you want to come up with we used balance proprioception whatever we want to call it all the time and so it's a system that doesn't go away but as everyone knows if you don't usually lose it right and so yeah and so I think what you're saying is totally true that the researchers getting but I don't have any definitive citations that I could give it the team the smarting to say okay this is one said even clinically yeah we see it we see all the time I have older individuals where they do their balance is get better when they stand on an object for a month or so you know I mean I mean it's it's pretty obvious but now we're trying to look at more of the whole psychosocial you know the whole you know bio you know biomedical model to help us look at the whole person now this is one of the things that that is included and I think brilliantly within the OPD model is that it doesn't matter what what level you're in or what phasor in there are balance components to it and sometimes in my estimation it gets overlooked and people just kind of brush it under the rug because it doesn't feel like exercise until they come to class with me and I am notorious for doing as one person once called it the the single leg excursions of death so taking these single leg excursions and challenging your sense of balance so much and and it doesn't take much that's the thing before you feel your feet start working which let's be honest you know we we basically cast our feet from the time our children are born and so these intrinsic muscles in the feet aren't really doing as much as they normally would be doing foot naked hold the same thing hips then are our competency so what we're doing is we do single leg exercises in particular you have this this core activation the the hip activation the foot naked complex all trying to have conversations with each other and then maintain that center of balance you know and then and base of support right there so with that being said I challenge balance and I make balance feel like a workout it is a piece of the OPD model and it's not just a warm up it it is actually can get you quite it can be quite exhausting quite challenging what have we seen or have you seen with either the folks that you worked with or some of the research that shows you know our our fit principle here what is the frequency that people used within the research to see some of good outcomes what were some of the intensities how long did they do it how many times a week did they come in how long were the studies before you start to see an average of where it's been efficient for people regarding balance yeah again awesome questions I love it so yeah so so when we so I think to it's it's at least for my humble perspective is that you know you know when we take our typical training training session with our clients you know balance typically begins with a warm up like if we're doing dynamic warm ups and they're standing on the one leg that's a full balance you agree you know and and then and then I think as we go through and we do seem to like squats we might do some some type of client metric stuff to me those are all balance type of exercises and so the OPD model stacks on itself like a bunch of blocks and if you don't build a foundation right and and phase one and two how can you safely progress for three foreign products and so so on that note we know with with basic science that neurological return or better motor control or if we want to get all by mechanical and nerdy we can say stability so like you know so like let's say for example some of the single leg balance on a disc with airfield disc and we're we're looking at their core and they're shaky and they're doing that that hip strategy they're they're they're swaying everywhere they're leaking energy then the angle strategy are going they're they're not very confident well then we know that that exercise could be a little bit too advanced so we may need to regress them down to the foam and then I'm saying what the phone we notice that those blocks stack up right that their kinetic chain all those kinetic checkpoints are starting to line up well and you're like wow okay they're demonstrating more stability so then from there we know that if they continue with that exercise and they they they feel confident because that's why we used the zero to ten you know they're feeling confident and let's say ten is not confident one is a hundred percent confident you know or whatever whatever scale people want to do it once once they clear that then you progress them into the next object well we we know the research and I'm kind of connecting this try to be practical is that we know around four weeks you get neurological terms so we're starting to see throughout the research and and more so clinically then around four to six weeks we start seeing adaptations occur in the mile you know neuro mile fascist is it makes sense you know and and so when we when we get that four weeks of return we start seeing that people are demonstrating better stability they have better normal control they're not so shaky and their confidence goes up okay yeah so let me ask you another question is we get this a lot as instructors teaching workshops especially when we talk about doing assessments people always want to know well how much you cue somebody into the assessment so my question for you is when you get somebody on there how much cueing is going on are you are you telling them to tighten anything or you just having them get on there and say stay on it as long as you can yeah that's that's a great question because there's research that has used the three systems in the vestibular right I mean the three systems in balance so there's been studies that had people in case and an object so they they fixed right so they fixed vision and then sonata sensory and vestibular had a work harder so there's been studies that are played with the three systems of balance what we try to do is in our study currently and what I do is I just have them stand on the object and see how confident they are because people you know because I get because it was funny because a lot of a lot of people in the study were young and they were active and they had used one of our criteria was they had used a balance object within like the last like I was like 16 or 18 months if I recall and some of them were pretty confident like I'm a wallboard I'm like okay Rambo you know like that and they're like whoa you know and I'm like ooh that confidence in there you know but you know but you know but we had some really young fit people in the study you know I'm like okay you know and it was funny because you know obviously we were right ex-num to protect them but we had some good laughs too because we had a lot of young adults from the university and their super fit well they thought that they could stand on that most you know you can be flip it over with a base up they thought that they were the coolest thing you know I I can serve you know and so so it was it was fun so so yeah so I think so I think if we're doing a true assessment I'm forcing the researchers really no time period when we look at the fit principle so when we look at frequency usually usually it's kind of daily right when we look at intensity it's really the the object and stability that's really what we're really looking at when we look at time and the different parameters and stuff for some reason 60 seconds seems to be the magical time we do a playing for 60 seconds you know everything is one minute I don't know why but I use it too and I do three sets of 10 you know have you guys have you noticed every physical therapist on the surface of your visit 10 is it's I I'm just getting ready for it but yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna get a bunch of emails down from my call and like do and when you do it but but no it's so funny so so 60 seconds seems to me this magical number when I comes to balance so when we when we talk about the fit principle probably the first couple letters or relevant the other ones are kind of up to the client I mean if the client's fatigue even are showing a lot of instability it you know safety's first because we know to the injuries can occur to make sense and when when someone's on unstable object you need to stand close to them and you need to be at least what's called a contact card cyst when you're right there and you protect them stuff so so seriously speaking a lot of these unstable objects they're great to do but it should really reflect the client's goals right and that's that's just in my humble opinion and we teach it and we embedded it in the CES when we did that and stuff but we really need to have a purpose for these for these modalities and stuff they're all great stuff it's fun to switch it up but if we're really working on someone's balance then the the fitness professional needs to go back to some type of what we call an astrics sign or some type of assessment so if they're working on a very gate will then then then their the balance exercise should be gate related does it make sense it's got to have a purpose if we're working on an athlete who is you know they're they don't have a very good single-click squat okay well then your assessment after all the balance training should be an improved single-click squat does it make sense so so the assessment has to support the balance intervention and then you do a pre-test and a post-test to look at your results and that's what research is mostly about right we have to look at before and after so I think I think just kind of talking amongst our colleagues who are listening today is this I just recommend you know that you know that if you're going to be doing balance and stuff just for fun no big deal do it for 60 seconds make sure that they're stable you know you can you can go from you know a you can you can do the ice closed progress it you can have to move their head you can throw a ball if I'm you can play dodgeball right you know you can you can bring number whatever I'm kidding but you know you can you can you can talk about exactly totally you know we need to get out videos and stuff so so yeah be creative but just be safe right and one other thing I want to better than there too is remember you remember and I think it's important to realize too is is that you you want to screen the client before you start putting them on objects that's the whole point of balance confidence is that they want to be confident but also too like if they've had a history of ankle sprites okay you got to be careful put them yeah and I think this is a good reminder and I even go for myself is that you know you might need to put a brace on their ankle just to protect them before they do a bunch of balance stuff so like I have a couple of ankle sprites of work with right now currently because of their essential they they had they had surgery and all that well if we're starting balance I made sure that before I put them on an object yes I look at their confidence but also I kind of I make sure that they've been stable on the ground than they did the phone pad so what's what also part of our study is we also did a sub a sub assessment where we kind of looked at perceptions of the width is easy and hard and it was pretty obvious the grounds easy that the phone pad and the discs they're both you know it kind of goes like that but I recommend for everybody start easy and progress slowly but also though too if they have a muscular skeletal injury where they're unstable you want to be really careful because you don't want to have an injury because as you know you know we want to protect our clients as much as possible but also make the session fun and create an experience for them and so that's that's I think is kind of why balance confidence was that you know we want to dig a little bit deeper into their the psychology of things because that's where the industry's growing and you know that there's so many things it's looking at confidence pain how we perceive that rest regeneration there's so many constructs well one thing that hasn't been touched is how was confidence you know feeding into someone's program and we use these balance to so much every day we need to look at it you know I think we also need to be aware and careful that when we do things in front of a lot of people in a gym like an open gym then there are people that want to emulate us and do what we do and do clients do and if we're having people go on to these unstable objects we have to be careful that other people in the gym might see what we're and and and just gravitate towards it and I say this out of experience because years ago when I first started training it was you know it was functional training then to in the personal training world was like you know put a a balanced blade in one hand and an eye patch on and stand on a stability ball and and wiggle and shake and close your eyes and recite French backwards and there are all sorts of things because we made balance challenging then that was quote functional training now we know that that's not true but being in that environment where we're all challenging each other standing on stability balls and throwing men balls at each other seeing who who would fall off first which I don't recommend and I don't recommend doing an in front of people because one of the members at the gym said can you teach me how to do that and I said you know what this is it's just games like this is just funding games I'm not going to teach you how to do it because there's no reason anybody in their right mind should do it and he said okay and I turned around and walked away and 15 seconds later not even I hear a giant funk onto the ground and I turn around and this man is lying face up on the ground and he goes you were right so with that being said I it is I think it's important for us to to be aware of what we do how we do it the words that we use and that people are seeing us do things and we do need to make sure that we are careful as we present things that that things that are this challenging are not just for everybody and and this isn't really a question to you it's just a conversation to have I don't know what being careful around that looks like but I do know that other people may challenge themselves with it and so maybe it is very important for people to see us do progressions with our clients so if they do decide to do some of these things then maybe they when they take it into their own hands will try it at least as far as this is concerned the progressions that we put for them I don't know what your thoughts are and that which is what they're that out there no and and I think that's a great point because you know the visibility of a fitness professional we're always on TV right you know when we're in the gym we're around public and stuff so you know and it's funny because you know I interface with a lot of different professionals and on telling you it's you know it's funny because we talk all the science and we take all these seeking classes and we have all these certifications we all these letters behind our name for each other because the clients don't get care right they don't they don't know what it is but the thing is is that when it comes down to it a lot of times we're so busy we just pick an object and we put someone on it okay and then people replicate that and and as you know too I do a lot of work with the all the big change in stuff but if as you remember a few years ago for people to try to stand on a bowstool with the base up and you squat with the bar or do thrusters right you know they're doing squat presses you know and and and that's because it was shown on social media so I think I think it is important for us to to to be logical and what we do and that's that's one of the reasons why we came up with the construct of just balance confidence so it's a way of documenting progression for clients as well as looking at motor control and you know can they stand on one leg for 30 seconds so you can do a temporal assessment how much time they're standing so we have all these assessments and stuff but like you said is there has to be a logical progression that that also reflects the clients goals and the smart that's just kind of my humble opinion because number one is like you said we're always on TV and we need to be professional and progress people systematically so that other people can follow but also secondly it also protects us you know somewhat protects us legally because we we we documented it we charted say hey look you know we progress them systematically through you know and so I think that there's there's a lot to this study as we did and hopefully the future studies we do we're going to be able to come up with a sort of like a protocol to progress the answer objects because as you know Dr. Richie is that these are these this is an untapped area we use these objects all the time one thing is is we even look at like TRX suspension train I mean there's so many different modes of this kind of balance per se but it's an uncharted area that's been used we talk about it search but there's really no refreshments of the questions either it's very it's very vacant so that's one of my new lines of research to at least try to come up with some recipe which our first thing was is we looked at the brain and now we're going to look at the the nervous system we're going to look at control and we're going to try to connect those two so that we can at least come up with something for professionals to guide them and progress into one of these objects and versus just the profession you know the fit pro or the aline up profession just pick it an object and say stand up you know let and and as you know two and most rehab clinics they're so busy these days it's really the assistance that has to watch them so there's a big gap so so we're seeing this gap in clinical practice um typical fitness as well as a research because we're not connected that's so I think there's any any time you can systematize something create you when you can show progression and support people at a starting point you brought up something that I think is really valuable and it's not necessarily for you but maybe something for us to look at for our community which is the the legality of things and over the last few years there have been more suits that have been put forth against personal trainers and facilities and and I'd like to to probably talk to somebody about that too and understanding the value of a systemized progressive means of getting from somebody from where they are to where they want to be an a safe effective and efficient manner and to have you going in and doing some research on how to fill in the blanks and what that looks like with these tools is incredibly valuable so thank you for doing that yeah thanks and yeah just to say you know I do do some some legal expert witness consulting and there's been a few cases I've had this last year out of Arizona where mistakes were made in the area we talked about so and usually usually it more so than not the professionals to visit they're not they're not thinking it through they're not focusing and mistakes are made unfortunately the intentions are good you know everyone has intentions but sometimes they put themselves back to back to back it could be a physical therapist it could be a chiropractor it could be out of the trainer a psychiatrist out of the trainer it could be a fitness professional but they're just get too busy and mistakes so exactly what your saying is is that if we have a more systematic way to work with all these very popular tools maybe it'll help as a as a holistic approach for the patient and the professional right I mean I don't who knows right we're still through your now but I think these are great ideas because as you know too and this is why you're doing the session at Optima which which of course I'm gonna attend it's really amazing and you know I'm gonna see that but this is an area that's kind of a hot topic because we're starting to see that you know we need to look at this area and address it because a lot of other areas are being getting attention like like my own fashion rules like Kylenheim I mean we've exhausted every foam roller you know so I'm kind of like I have a foam roll for tea so now now I'm looking at I know now now I'm looking at looking at this area but yeah I think I think this is a good hot topic for everyone to discuss and to check themselves you know yeah well well thank you for what you do all the research that you do from foam rolling to the regional interdependence model to now balance a lot of that stuff we have and your research and your studies have been quoted throughout our CES text so thank you for all the research that you do and now you're adding to it in a different area it's much appreciated let me let me just real quick to to Greg and see if we have are there any questions or any housekeeping things that need to be addressed before moving on and closing up you guys is a great job and covered everything that the people were talking about in the chat so thank you for that couple housekeeping things if you guys are interested in who fitness anybody listening out there we have an affa live event going on at noon specific time today that's Friday if you're listening on the podcast that you hear over there Angie Miller will be hosting that and then make sure to join us again on Monday for another any SMC PT live podcast at 90-in-Pacific New York with Rick and our guest then will be my friend that I've known for almost 20 years Pete McCall so for any of you who know Pete McCall he will be on and we will be first of all catching up because we've known each other for quite some time and then we will get into some additional topics specifically around aging and how high intensity interval training helps to decrease that aging process and some of the science that shows the evidence for that so with that said Dr Scott Cheedum thank you so much for being here can you just give us any type of wrap-up you want but also give us ways that we can contact you or follow you if you have Instagram or your social media whatever it is let us know and give it to us yeah I think just in summary you know I want to thank you you know I thank you for hosting me and me sharing some information and again just you know I just want everyone just to have funnel their clients create a good experience you know you use these objects for fun excitement but just have a little bit more purpose right and also just to be safe I think that's the the main thing and I do everyone can Google me I might name comes up a lot or I have Dr Scott WCidum.com is my personal image if people would like to contact me there or is S. Cheedum at csudh.edu is my university email so people can contact me through there if they have any questions or if they want to get you know dig deeper in any of these topics I'm willing to share and then hopefully you know we're participating optimist going to be going I'll be there too and with any of our family out there we're going to attend I would love to sit there in house of coffee with you and chat and you know the bait on all these fun topics so again thank you so much for your time Dr Richie for hosting me and of course in the SM. Excellent thank you so much Dr Scott Cheedum my name is Rick Richie you've been listening to the NASM CPT podcast in our Facebook live webcast thank you

=== FILE: What's the Appeal of Popular Diets [Bl21Qrs7GYI].txt ===

Welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie and I'm delighted to have you here today. If you are watching this on our Facebook live and I hope you are. If you're watching this on Facebook live, if you see anything wet on my shirt, I just want to share a life hack with you really quick. And you have a wrinkle-eat shirt because I have been traveling. Usually what I do is I'll take a shower and without telling off, I put the shirt on. It's completely wet, but it completely dries without any wrinkles. If you actually do see wrinkles, then maybe it doesn't work as well as I thought. I'm very excited today to have Farah Khan with us. And she is a rest-shared dietitian. She's going to be talking to us today about what is the appeal of these popular diets? What are some of these popular diets? And then we're going to get into the quality of nutrition versus just counting your macros. And I expect this exploration to go into a lot of different places. And with that being said, you get to direct it. So if you're watching live on Facebook live, then please shoot us some questions right now. Don't wait until the end. Certainly if something pops up and we answer it along the way, fantastic. But if you have questions, go ahead and start asking those questions and our producer Greg. We'll feel those questions. We'll give you a mouth. We'll decide if they've gotten answered or not before they get asked. And then if they do get asked, he'll give you a shout out on the air. So with that being said, hi Farah, welcome. Tell everybody a little bit about yourself before we get into it all. Hi, Rick. Well, thank you for having the on. It's a pleasure being here. I'm definitely very excited about it. And thank you also for the tips on getting wrinkles out. I'm going to make a final final final. Well, it's great to be here, you know, I'm really excited. I'm a registered diet hishin, I've been a registered diet hishin for the last five years. I've been masters in food and nutrition. I'm going to complete it. My masters grew up in training him. So several years ago, I also had a master's in a fine art illustration and an undergrad in Icon poly size. So becoming a diet hishin was a career change for me. And it's something that, you know, I absolutely love. So I currently do a lot of outpatient nutrition counseling in your city in the Jersey area. I also teach undergrad in graduate nutrition classes at while in university in Brooklyn. Absolutely. Down. Yeah. Yeah, they got a good personal training program out of that university as well. And with you having a background in design, that means when you write your nutrition textbook, you can do design it as well. It's a, that's a one stop shop for you. So thank you so much for being on. I appreciate it. And hey, let's just jump right into it at this point. I want to talk about it. What is so appealing with people when it comes to popular diets? And then let's have this conversation fair because it's really important. There are a lot of popular diets. There are popular diets that I don't know about because I don't live in the world of trying to figure out what people are doing. But I know several of them and one of which my brother is on, which is the carnivore diet. So I want to talk about all of these, why are they so appealing? And then, and then let's get into what's going on within these diets. Right. And you're right. There are so many out there. I'm sure there are some popular diets out there that you know, I haven't even heard of. So I can't only have to keep looking them up. Okay, what new diet is this person on? You know, some of the popular ones, as you mentioned, there's a carnivore diet, there's a keto diet, which does have a little bit of you know, medical nutrition history behind it. There is the Paleo diet, the primal diet, the 3-day army diet. You know, so many out there, the intermittent fasting diet or protocol. What's the appeal of them? I mean, we see so many people who jump on, you know, this next phase or bandwagon of, okay, let me try this diet because they're looking for a quick fix. A lot of the times, I think, diets are glamorized. You know, either someone's promoting them or their popularized in popular media. Typically, they seem popular because they offer a short term solution. You know, if you do XYZ, you will get resolved by or resolved Z. And that's appealing to a lot of people. You know, we like some sort of solution to problems. And if a diet offers that, then it becomes appealing, you know, one of the things that diets offer are like a blueprint or a roadmap, which a lot of people like. You know, it's a simple, structuralized program that says, okay, if you do XYZ, you will be guaranteed these results. And a lot of times when people are looking to lose weight or to feel healthier, that's appealing to them. You know, there's this dichotomy between this is where I am. This is what the diet says. I will achieve if I follow these steps. And that's really popular. That's really appealing to a lot of people. So, eating that's one of the huge reasons about it. Is you do have this XYZ format where it seems to guarantee you results. You know, if you just follow these simple steps. I get it a lot with personal training and fitness where people want to ask me a question. And let's be honest, Vera, they don't like this answer, but it's a good answer from our perspective. And the answer is it depends. Right? So when they ask a question about fitness or they ask a question about nutrition, it depends comes from the place of education. Right? So there are different strokes for different folks. What are their different needs? What are different pathologies? What did your park use say? What did your input form say? What are your subjective and objectives? And science and what are your symptoms? There's so many things. And so when we say it depends, then people say, well, I don't want it depends. I want the answer. Right? And I think you're right with this. And then any diet is going to give you the answer. It eradicates the it depends situation and just says do it this way. Right? And people like that clarity, you know, as a dietitization when I counsel people or you know when my colleagues counsel people, there is a lot of it depends. You know, if we're asked, well, is saturated fat bad for me? Well, it depends. You know, how much are you eating? What else are you eating? What is the rest of your diet look like? There's no clear cut answer. And well, yes, it's bad or yes, it's good. And that ambiguity, it doesn't very sexy to a lot of people. You know, with with diets too, it's, you know, you can eat healthy. You can have a, if you're looking for weight loss, you can have a slower paced moderate rate of weight loss by improving the quality of your diet. But that doesn't sound that sexy. People don't want, you know, a prolonged change or a drawn out weight loss pattern. We want media results. You know, we're, we're, we're geared like that in our society. We want immediate change. So that concreteness, I think of a lot of popular diets tends to be very appealing. And you find that the majority of the diets, I mean, it's a, this is an underhand pitch question. The majority of the diets are pretty short-lived and why is that? Um, they are pretty short-lived. predominantly because most of them, and again, you know, I hate to generalize because they're different protocols in the different diets, but they typically cut out either a feed group or a significant chunk of calories or they have restrictive rules that, you know, you can follow them for like a month, a couple of months. But in the long term, it becomes difficult to sustain them. Um, you know, for example, if you're cutting out a huge food group going out to eat maybe death, I call it, not to mention that you may be a risk of certain nutrient deficiencies, depending on what the food group is. Um, but a lot of times, you know, the popular diets achieve their success by creating a caloric deficit, because someone who's looking to lose weight. If you cut out certain food groups, if you cut out huge portions of what you may have been eating before, then yes, you're now you're in a caloric deficit. So you are going to see some improvement. I will say some, you know, some popular diets will cut out things like a lot of processed foods that maybe, you know, high and fat sugar. That automatically is pulled on quote that I hate to use the term cleaning up your diet, but it does remove a lot of high calorie energy-dense foods that may have been contributing to someone's, you know, weight gain or to them not feeling so great. So if they cut that out, they're automatically going to feel better. Now you can do that without going on a diet, but having that structured roadmap, sometimes, you know, just seems appealing to a lot of people. I'm curious for those people who are going through nutrition, study and school and things like that. We all know the word diet just means what you eat. But in general, when we talk about diet, we, we're not talking about what you eat, we're talking almost about what you restrict. Right. So it's some sort of plan around your eating. In school, are they like, oh, I can't stand this or are they just like, hey, this is what it is and just understand it and let it go. You know, it's interesting because a lot of times when you even when you say the word diet, people automatically picture a like a clerical level or a clerical restriction that you should be eating. I'm hoping that going forward that schools, you know, even in popular media, the word diet doesn't take on such a negative connotation of restriction, but that it becomes more inclusive of, okay, what are you eating? What are your, you know, daily eating habits like? And I'm both as is more on quality versus getting into a numbers game necessarily and just going on and off a certain way of eating. I mean, in the long term, you know, going back to a question about why do diets, are they short-lived? A lot of them are short-lived because they don't bring about sustainable changes in your way of eating. I mean, a magic place or like the optimal place for someone to be in is for them to be able to fuel and nourish their body adequately and be comfortable modifying their diet in a variety of situations when they're traveling, if they're going out to a party, you know, if I don't know, wettings, whatever occasion, just being comfortable and knowing what they're eating is well within their nutrient, you know, needs. Being able to modify your diet in a variety of situations and being comfortable being able to do that is where we're ideally anyone really wants to be without having to yoyo on and off certain, you know, ways of eating and restricting nutrients. Well, one of the questions I have for you, I think this is probably the biggest thing when it comes to being someone that counts those people is not necessarily what is the right choice? Don't get me wrong. Yes, that is valuable and that's where that education comes in. But just because you know the right things, doesn't mean you can get people to do the right things. So what is the challenge for you as a registered dietitian that works with people to get people to try to increase their compliance and adherence to decisions or the conversations that you have with them? Great question. Multiple factors feed into people's decision, you know, to eat a certain way into their food choices. I think the environment we live in certainly has a role to play with the plekora of you know food choices around us. It's fast food, if you go into the grocery store, they're multiple, you know, varieties of things. And a lot of signs report that they they just feel overwhelmed with the amount, with the variety of choices out that they're not sure what to pick. Some clients report that they just feel compelled to eat, you know, dessert if it's in the house or they have, you know, a weakness for chips cookies candy and that if it's in the house, they're going to eat it. So adherence and I want to say just not feeling, you know, this pressure to eat a certain way. Sometimes it just becomes too difficult for a lot of people to stick with. I think a lot of times clients play a lot of pressure on themselves, what that they should be eating a certain way and restricting, you know, certain other things. That and itself creates a very difficult environment because now that they're torn between and well I really want to eat this but I feel like I quote unquote shouldn't. Whereas relaxing that pressure someone saying, you know, these foods are available to me. I can enjoy them within the context of a healthy diet and still do fine. That part of it seems to be topped over com. Yeah. I have there are a few questions I have one is when I was studying nutrition, not please, not on the level that you were but there were a lot of talk about variety of foods and balance and eat the rainbow and that does not mean get your skills in but having a lot of different colors and your foods. Why is that? Can you just kind of address that and then hopefully that maybe can lead into diet quality, which is one of the conversations that we agreed that we wanted to talk about and then county macros and and pitting those against each other. Right. Yeah, eat the rainbow, you know, it's something that I advocate too and and I just said it doesn't mean eating your skills. It really means eating a wide variety of whole and process foods of different colors. Okay. So a lot of different colored foods and vegetables. Why we recommend that is that those colors reflect fight on nutrients in those foods and those are, you know, they're not they're they don't want to fight on nutrients or in calories in them but they are nutrients that play a huge role in our health. Okay. They are they have antioxidant properties, anti-inflammatory properties, basil dilatory properties. So, you know, buzzwords that you hear like flavonoids and those science, um, uh, carotenoids. All those are fight on nutrients that are in things like, you know, your berries, your tomatoes, your um, yellow and red bell peppers. Those micro nutrients are incredibly important in regulating, you know, our metabolic processes. So they keep us healthy. They they have a huge influence on our immune system, on our respiratory system, um, just in every cell in our body, you know, they they regulate a lot of metabolic processes. So if your diet skimps on those micro nutrients, then you're really, you know, missing out on a lot of those quality nutrients that can help keep you healthy in the long term. Um, that's why, you know, we read we really highly recommend that people diversify their diet in terms of getting in a wide variety of fruits and vegetables to maximize their nutrient intake or their micro nutrient intake. Okay. So with that being said, I I also have a question and then we'll get into diet quality, but after 60 days of quarantine, I figured I would save enough and I left New York City with my family and came down to Alabama. So I'm hanging out with my mom and dad where I grew up and it's making me think about how I grew up eating my kids of grown up eating differently. So they are having, I mean, they'll eat yellow and red and green pepper. I never had a pepper until I was an adult out of my house, but also the foods that we do have. They tend to be in the south, particularly, I'll speak for myself and my family, but we will cook the chew out of any vegetable. Like you don't need teeth to eat the food that we cook. All you need is a tongue and a goal it. You just chew it with your tongue and swallow it down. Can you, is it true that you can cook nutrients out of food? It is. Can literally cook foods to death or to the point where, okay, now you kind of destroy it a lot of nutrients. I mean, how he cooking can destroy a lot of heat sensitive nutrients. If you cook in a lot of water, so say for example, you're boiling, you know, vegetables in a ton of water, you are going to leach out a lot of the water soluble vitamins in it. I recommend high heat cooking a lot of time. I mean, if you are going to retain some nutrient from the iron, you're not going to get anything out of your vegetables, but not cooking them to an extremely high temperature or cooking them for a long period of time, will preserve more of the nutrients, the antioxidants, the vitamins, minerals, not so much. Mineral tends to be a little bit more hardy, so things like iron, calcium, copper, those types of micronutrients are a little bit more hardy, but your vitamins, your phytonutrients are much more susceptible to being destroyed with the heat cooking. Yeah, I can't say I'm disappointed because I figured that would be the answer, but too bad, too bad. Well, that's why we have tea. I'll talk to my mom. So with that being said, people a lot of times in order to get weight loss. And and I want people who are listening right now live to start coming up with your questions, offering your questions about what diets they want to ask you about and about counting their macros, but let's talk about counting macros. And a lot of people, we're looking at caloric deficit when it comes to weight loss. And so that's macros, which is first of all, really challenging for a lot of people, trying to count the macros itself. But you mentioned a diet quality versus counting macros. So can we speak a little bit to this and then have a conversation about both of these things, right? I want to know about diet quality, but I also want to talk about macros and does that mean somehow that diet quality kind of inherently provides fewer calories? I don't know. Let's talk this one out. No, it's a fascinating topic. For anyone who's listening in, if you're throwing around this word macros, if you're not sure what it is, macros is just short from macronutrients, which are your proteins, fats, and carbs. In a lot of diets or in certain situations, people will count their macros, they'll count their grams of carbohydrates, fats, and proteins, because those three macros are the ones that provide calories. You don't get calories from vitamins, minerals or phytonutrients, but you do get calories from carbs, protein, and fats. And just as an FYI, carbohydrates provide four calories per gram, fats, provide nine calories per gram, protein per gram. So if you count your macros, back that one up again? fats provides nine calories per gram, and then proteins or what? Four? Okay, and carbohydrates or what? All right, all right, all right, contere. I was like, oh wait, do I get that wrong? No, because those macronutrients provide calories or conteree calories to your diet. If you're counting them, it can give you an idea of your overall for a lower intake, but also how your calories are split up across protein, fats, and counting macros is a useful tool in certain situations. For example, if someone's looking to change their body composition, and they want to make sure that they're eating enough protein or enough carbohydrates to fuel their training, it can be a helpful tool in that case. Where I feel it's not so helpful is, you know, for the average person who's just trying to improve their diet, they can get very caught up in counting the numbers between, oh, you know, I need X number of grams of carbohydrate, X number of grams of fat, and start to eat just random foods in order to hit those macro targets, not paying attention to the quality of their diet. And by quality of diet, I mean, you know, are you getting a whole-in-process sources of lean protein of vegetables, of fruit, or full-rains of healthy fats? That, I think, should be in place before like an average person just starts to count their macros and worry about the numbers. So diet quality, I feel, for the general population, is superior to worrying about what your macros are. Once you've got, you know, when you take a look at your diet quality, then if you have a specific goal in mine, for example, body composition changes, or if you're training and want to make sure that you're hitting your targets for protein and carbs in fats, then looking at your macro breakdown can be very helpful. Can we talk about a Utah quality of food? Is there a quality of macronutrients? And I say that because you did go through and you say good fat versus bad fat, right? Lean protein versus not lean protein. And then we have multiple versions of what a carbohydrate is and how it's delivered into the system. So can we have you just touch on it? I don't know how deep you want to get into it, but I'd love to be in this conversation about good versus bad. And I'm not talking about trans fats. We'll take that off the table. But let's just talk about types and what tends to be better? I'm so glad that you brought out the good versus bad label because in reality, I hate to label any kind of food as good versus bad. Apart from trans fats, I will say trans fats are bad all around. We know they're bad. We'll just throw them at the water here. I don't like to leave label foods as good or bad because at the end of the day, they're all a different composition of macronutrients. Okay, they're a different composition of protein fats and carbs. You may have a higher fat meat versus a lean meat. Both can fit into the context of a, you know, a healthy diet. It just depends how much you're eating of a beach and how often and what you're overall health is. So, you know, here we go back again to the, it depends question on the entire situation. So I don't like to leave label foods as good or bad. Simply because they are, you know, a different combination of macronutrients, they can all fit within the context of anyone's diet. That being said, if someone's diet is predominantly, you know, comprised of very high fat foods, very, you know, that are high-encaturated fat, for example, and they have other health issues. That may not necessarily be the best choice for them. If someone, you know, for example, has medical issues and that they are, for example, diabetic and their diet is just high in sources of high glycemic carbohydrates or it's simply very high in carbohydrates and general, that may not be the best choice for them. So again, you know, we go back to the whole, it depends question. That being said, there are certain sources of, for example, fats that are heart-houted. So you have your mono-unsaturated fats and things like olive oil, olives, avocados that, you know, a lot of research does show that they are heart-houted fats. They're associated with lower-risk, of cardiovascular disease, proved, you know, triglycerides, longevity. Those types of fats, I would recommend to be a much larger proportion of the fat in your diet. Omega-3 fats and things like fatty fish, walnuts, flaxseeds, you know, those are heart-houted fats less inflammatory than your Omega-6s in a lot of vegetable oils. So having more Omega-3s in your diet is going to be healthier, quote unquote, because it is associated with a lot of health benefits. So there are certain choices of macro-nutrients that that have health benefits that I would say are healthier choices for that reason. Okay, and I'm going to do this because I don't do a lot of supplementation, but I do take an Omega-3 supplement because I am allergic to fish and I'm not crushing walnuts like that. Okay, so I do take a supplement because of the correlation of heart health and having that healthy fat that's associated with it. You know, are there are there moments where I know I'm not one of those people that just say supplement, but because that's what a supplement is. It's supplement something that isn't already present in your diet or cannot be achieved through your diet, and that's one of the things that's difficult for me to take in. Are there certain times where you work with people and you're considered taking a supplement? I think you nailed it there when you said, you know, a supplement, your diet, and make up for something that's missing. Yes, absolutely. You know, I'm not opposed to supplements. I mean, what are supplements? They really encompass all your vitamins and minerals that you take outside of what you're getting in your food plus, you know, you're protein, etc, etc. There are all cases in which case I would suggest as someone take a supplement. Case in point, you know, someone who might be in your situation, if they're allergic, you know, if they don't eat fish for whatever reason, if they're not consuming a diet that's rich and a certain nutrient, then by all means, you know, a supplement can help. Omega-3 fish oils are one of the supplements that I do feel like if people are not getting enough in their diet of Omega-3's, they, you know, it would be beneficial to look into. Probiotics are another big, you know, there we have supplements and improved gut health. There's so much out there right now on the importance of gut health and immunity and just longevity and, you know, chronic diseases. So if someone's not getting a good source of probiotics in their diet, if they're not eating fermented foods, they're not eating yogurt, kefir, sour crowd, you know, all those, all those good things, then I would say, you know, maybe look into getting a probiotic because you're not getting enough good, but you know, that healthy bacteria for your gut health. So certainly, now there are other supplements, you know, things like iron vitamin D, but I would say that needs to go through, you know, a doctor because you do need to get lab work done, make sure that, you know, you are actually deficient in those things before you start popping something like an iron pill or something. You know, no one should really do that, unless they get their lab work done. Yeah. Okay. I think that's valuable to point out. So so thank you for that because sometimes people just say, hey, let's, let's supplement this and they, they have no idea if they're sufficient, deficient if it's needed. So I agree with that, 100% get some, get some tests done before you just start throwing and things that may or may not be needed into your body. With that said, I'm going to turn this over to Greg, our producer, Greg, do we have any questions that have come through the pipeline here for Farah? We do. There's a few of them. Jill would like to know, for an active woman, what is the MAC from nutrients you've recommended for that? Ah, so not for nutrients in terms of caloric level or just a breakdown of how many grams of protein carbs and fats. I believe she's looking for a breakdown of carb protein fats. Okay. Jill, you're going to hate my answer because of course it's going to be it depends. It depends. It really depends on, you know, your energy needs or baseline energy needs. It's going to depend on your activity level really. Plus any health issues that you know, you may or may not have. To give you, you know, an quick explanation of why that, why it depends is that, you know, your energy needs, you're getting the energy requirements to broken up into your basal metabolism, your BMR, your exercise activity thermogenesis, which is what you expend due to the structure that exercise, your needs, your non-exercise activity thermogenesis, which is, you know, how active you are, just walking around or daily stuff. And the thermic effective food, which is the energy expended, digesting, metabolizing what you've eaten. So we'd have to take a look at, you know, your stats, you know, your high age, we actively level plus what you're doing for exercise, and how active you are in a daily basis before giving you a specific recommendation on your macro breakdown. Oh, people hate that answer, Ferra. I hate it. Just give me a diet and tell me the right answer. That's all I want. Oh, I'm correct. Greg, anything else? So we got to come in it. Yeah, he wants to know, is it okay to use intermittent fasting for weight loss? Is it okay? Of course, I hate to give like a yes and no answer. It is okay. If if you don't have any health issues where it may be contraindicated, okay? So if you don't have like hypoglycemic episodes where you should not be going without food for any specific period of time, if you're not type one diabetic, you know, where you really shouldn't be doing something like that. It is okay. You know, I don't think that there's any harm in trying it. But I would speak to your doctor, let them know, meet with a diet's hush and, you know, if you have any questions about it, but just, you know, cover your bases, make sure that there are no underlying health issues that that may contraindicate that. I think something else with intermittent fasting and it's become popular and I think it's in large part because it, it just gives you a window that you can eat. And if you're not familiar with intermittent fasting, it's just giving windows of time. So 24 hours in a day, let's say that you have an 18 hour fast and the other six hours in the day is your window to eat and that window might be you can have lunch and dinner and snacks in between. But here's the thing, that works really, really well for some people and it just doesn't for others. So one of the things about diets is that you have to find sustainability in those diets and if it doesn't work for you, then don't. But I agree with you on that fair, there could be some for some people contraindications, but if you're a healthy person, try it. Given try, if it works for you, continue with it until it gets old for you and then you'll find another diet because that's what we do. We go from one to the other to another, but it has to be workable. Right, and you know, exactly, I do want to add Greg that if, you know, if it's a helpful tool for you to kind of, you know, take a look at your diet and say, okay, I want to structure it, I want to improve my diet quality and really, you know, avoid snacking excessively, maybe late at night. That's where I feel like it helps a lot of people to cut out a lot of excess of snacking if they feel like that's out of control. If you feel like it's going to be helpful for that reason, by all means, you know, you're welcome to try it. You feel like it's becoming stressful just thinking about food and that you're starving in the morning and you really want to eat, now it's not really becoming something that's sustainable. It's impeding your quality of life if you're constantly thinking about, my God, I'm hungry, but I can't eat so near. In that case, I feel like it's not really worth it because it's not working with your lifestyle. You know, go back, take a look at, you know, what you're eating, your diet quality, as I said, improve your diet quality and you may find that maybe enough to help you lose weight rather than worrying about a specific window. And with that being said, thank you for bringing that up. With that being said, a lot of times when people are doing intermittent fasting, they will freely say, then you can eat whatever you want, but you can do it. As long as it's within this window and I would like to challenge that, I'm sure that you would like to challenge that as well. But one thing it does do, which sometimes is what's easier for people, does it necessarily change what you're eating or what you're having if you're still having a bad diet, but you're limiting your calories, there can be value to that. But what we would like to see beyond that is not just the limitation of calories, but the increase in health. And we've seen the quote over and over again, let thy food be thy medicine, right? So use your food to be a gift for to you and not just for cravings or desires, but also give your body what it needs. And I've said this before one time, one of my best friends in the world whose name is Jordan, somebody just didn't drink enough water. And they say, oh, I don't ever drink water. I don't like water. And he just looks at him and he goes, you are an adult. Drink water. It is time to be an adult. Drink your water. And I hate to just be that blunt because it's not that easy for a lot of people to do what they need to do, but I do it with my children with their food. I know what you want to eat and I know what you need to eat and I look at it with myself as well. I should be better sometimes with my diet and sometimes my wife's wonderful, she'll make wonderful, wonderful, healthy meals. And I may not love it, but they are so healthy. Sometimes I do love it. Don't give me a idea. I do enjoy healthy food as well, but understanding the right decision may not curb a craving. But eventually that craving will pass to and and I think they're just it's difficult to say discipline, right? Because sometimes just saying discipline does not answer the question. It is creating a strategy that's going to help you achieve a goal, but there always has to be effort within an strategy to get you somewhere. There always has to be effort. And so I do want to push that it is not just, you know, here's the diet where you'll never be hungry and here's the diet where you can eat whatever you want. I think there needs to be a strategy and there needs to be the effort that creates change because changes are easy. It just change definitely is not easy. And you know, a trying to change too many things in your diet and one go is also overwhelming for a lot of people that you know, going from maybe not even having a very healthy diet to suddenly doing a complete 180 and saying I'm going to cut all these things out in one go and try and stick with that that may be very stressful and difficult for people. So working with what you is realistic for someone to be able to sustain in the long term, that's what's going to bring about lasting changes. It's got to be something that you can stick with long term for it to make a difference and without yo-yoing back and forth between, you know, if your time is way gaining way it losing way, because that's a dangerous trap to fall into, you know, not to mention stressful. Going back to like your point though about diet quality with intermittent fasting, yes, absolutely. You know, I don't think that people should use it as a justification for a free fall in the window with eating without any regard to what they're eating. You know, as a whole, being more aware and cognizant of what you're putting in your body does a lot of good. You know, being aware of what nutrient dense foods you're eating, what nutrient dense foods you're not eating, you know, how you can improve the quality of your diet. Being aware that being aware of what you're eating, putting in your body, I think does everyone a lot of good because it doesn't make you more likely to choose more nutrient dense products and it also gives you, I think, the competence and the ability to indulge sensibly when you really want something. Okay, so being more aware of where you're eating gives you an advantage on both accounts. Yes, you're eating more nutrient dense foods, but you also know that if you really want that ice cream, you can have it because you're not necessarily eating it as a free for all the time. You know, it's perfectly fine to have it when you want it. But that awareness, I think, provides the freedom. Yeah, and I like it to my dad. I just thinking about this probably because I'm back at home in my parents' house with my family right now visiting and my dad, I remember him, he said one time, can you imagine how good grapes used to be before they created Snickers bars? So I just think that there are some gifts from nature that that can feed us a little bit better can provide a bit more nutrients and that are absolutely delicious. What you can still overdue, but you know, you're going to be less likely to to to go into this excessive caloric intake from apples and in other delicious foods that and you're also not going to feel bad about it when you put those things in your house and you have them. I doubt that guiltometer is going to go through the roof because you had apples or grapes or a Clementine or nectarine, but you know, when you when you crush that that that candy bar, whatever it is, then sometimes we circle it back around and we we we vlogger ourselves and we beat ourselves up over doing those things and don't give me a word like you said the ice cream can be okay and for somebody like me, like I just have to plan around it in multiple reasons one because I'm type two diabetic. So we had a family get together and they had ice cream and I knew we were going to have ice cream. So I planned my carbohydrates throughout the day. I did my exercise before I had my food and then I was like now I can do this without this incredible spike in my blood sugar which could be dangerous for me. So I don't I try not to have foods like that but when I would do and I know it's coming and I prepare for it or remember we talked to I have a strategy. All right. So and and there's effort that goes into it and trust me there's effort that said oh I have to minimize my personal carbohydrate intake so that I can have these carbohydrates at this time but I planned for it, put a strategy together for it and then executed that and and I think that you know like it could be as you mentioned multiple times more aware being aware and being prepared then that's where that value comes in exactly that awesome break hey do we have any any other questions sir yeah your wife is wondering why you don't like her food she's in the chat yeah I was just kidding like that just kidding I apologize my mispronounced that name in the chat wants to know what your thoughts on food addiction are is it factor food addiction I want to say that I'm not like the scientific guru on this I would have to go back and look at a lot of studies I I don't believe that you know food is necessarily addictive I think that we associate certain foods with feelings of you know pleasure with feelings of feeling good and that association that feel good feeling can be something that we quote unquote become addicted to that we like the way it feels that we attach emotional comfort to certain things for example you know if I'm stressed out and I start reaching for all choose ice cream again I don't know what I'm picking on ice cream um but I know that's good you know if I'm stressed out and I'm making rice cream all the time then that may turn into habit we're now I'm always going to be reaching for ice cream because I'm feeling stressed out um am I addicted to it I wouldn't say I'm addicted to it but I've made this association that and and turned it into a habit but now I'm stressed out I'm going to go reach for that because that's what I associate with feeling better um so I think the association more than the addiction it is where the difference lies yeah and how it's safe is there's there's a challenge in that and for somebody who had to go from a carbohydrate heavy diet to a very low carbohydrate diet I've never been crazy or in my life never been more upset never had I drooled and you know they're there physical and physiological reactions to food and and then unleashing so I would say that whether it is an addiction or whether it is a habit if you need help or know somebody that needs help support or counseling regardless of addiction or habit or whatever it is support them with that and let's see if we can direct them to people whether it's a a registered dietitian or a mental health care professional that can help focus on that area and support them in that process please deliver that contact information to people because that is a incredible value you know and like I agree with you 100% there Rick you know I think there are a lot of professionals out there who would be happy to talk through someone you know that kind of an issue with them and then you know just to jump on what you said about the carbohydrate if you're cutting out a lot of things in your diet and you're you know an active person and of course you're and your body needs energy then of course you're going to start thinking about those types of foods those energy and foods on a more regular basis you know if you've cut out you've been eating a high carb diet and then all of a sudden try to very low carb diet and you are going to want those carbohydrates so you know that doesn't necessarily mean it's an addiction to those carbohydrates it's a it's a reflection of a physiological need there yeah oh it was the struggle was real fair let's struggle was real and you know I'm not said and was it maybe it's not as difficult as it used to be but but I still struggle with it from time to time don't give me wrong and you know I need supportive people if I didn't again this it's a Greg's point I didn't have my wife there to help and cook these amazing foods and and be aware and a support system for me so people don't have that and you need to see that out you need to find somebody and if if that's true um register dietitian if it's through some some mental counseling and there are people who do that through apps online now that help support you if they're cost effective ways to do it then find some of those cost effective ways but you know friends and family are usually super inexpensive ways that sometimes we don't want to burden people with problems um stop being so selfish because people want to help you people want to help you so reach out and let people do that all right Greg anything else on the on the question list here yeah Carla wants to know what's the maximum protein intake and active person working out 45 days a week doing strengths training can take for muscle building and I'm great question Carla so the recommendations and I'll give you you know the international society nutrition sports nutrition recommendations as the ISSN they're recommendations for protein intake for optimal muscle for athletes or for active individuals is 1.4 to 2 grams per kilogram there are studies that have shown that a range of 1.6 grams per kilogram to 2.2 to 0.4 grams per kilogram to 2.2 grams per kilogram is the optimal range for muscle protein synthesis so if you're in that range and you are training like as you said 45 days per week I would say that that's a good range to be in you know it may vary a little bit day to day but that's definitely a good target to aim for and it's interesting I've mentioned this with Fabio Cmana recently who is on the show and that's really a flashback to the old bodybuilding recommendations that's you know how many grams per pound and if you do the math that's kind of your high end of protein intake and one of the wonderful and interesting things I think that we should be aware of is there is an amino acid called blue scene that tends to be the triggering amino acid it's a branch chain amino acid and it triggers muscle synthesis so within your dietary complex having at least some the the loose scene so we got about 20 grams of protein and some instances maybe a little bit more 25 grams of protein but to have that at several times throughout the day because each time you hit that then it's going to peak again your muscle synthesis and that might also be where we get this idea of multiple meals throughout the day because it continues to stimulate muscle growth if your muscles have been challenged right so and in particular that loose scene so if you are taking man I wish I could remember the the number on the the loose scene but any of the the protein complexes that you take will generally have high amounts of branch chain amino acids with that loose scene involved so just to be aware of that and that one is a very good thing to look at because it is a triggering of protein synthesis it's a very important for people who are looking to build muscle and there are a lot of resources that have loose in in them you know like your needs do your your dairy does so definitely it's worse is there but yes loose in definitely important to look to look at when you're looking at some protein supplement I will add though that if if you're in a caloric deficit you know trying to eat out some body fat then protein needs maybe a little bit higher because you know you're not necessarily needing your caloric intake so to avoid losing muscle mass or you know metabolism where you're actually breaking down muscle mass then in those cases you're in a caloric deficit you may need to go a little bit higher than that 2.2 grams per kilogram just to offset back court deficit so you're not compromising muscle mass I love that's very important thank you for bringing that up and especially in that caloric deficit excuse me uh proteins do tend to be the more satiating of the macro nutrients so by having more protein and your diet you tend to be less hungry so if you're trying to build muscle and that lose some body fat at the same time which is challenging the increase in that protein will support you in both of those aspects so thank you for addressing that hey fairer are you okay on time for maybe another question or two I don't know where yeah all right Greg do you have any more questions that have come through yeah Anthony is an interesting and understanding about detox diet what do you know about those and what can you share detox I have to say like most registered by the kitchen right now eat the word detox and that's like talking about you like your liver and kidneys so detox diet is great question I know that there are tons of you know popular programs out there that say okay you know go on this XYZ cleanse detox yourself the end of the day you know unless you have a compromise liver and a kidneys your body does a phenomenal job of detoxing itself it has to okay otherwise we would not be alive your your body does an incredible job of detoxing itself you really don't need to you know drink a fancy juice to detox you I think more than anything these talk diets are probably like a mental detox because you're taking a break from what you may have been eating if you you know you were going to town on all kinds of you know junk foods but because you're logically it's it's almost like a waste of money I would say but you don't need to to pay for detox diet to start eating butter yeah stay away from any kind of detox diet you know just take a look at your diet what are you eating go back to the basics you know eat good quality foods protein proteins fruits vegetables whole grains that's enough of a detox for your body rather than anything to eat cleanse yeah I wonder if Anthony asked this question because he's like please answer this for me so somebody helped decide to me can tell my clients that detox is maybe not something that they should be focusing on and now and also they that for me if I see detox somewhere it's usually a red flag just saying like I don't know if you know what toxins we're trying to get rid of what what are the toxins and most people can't answer that question however when you mentioned it mental detox then then I get that because it creates a figurative language but when people say detox they take it very literally like you know do I have you know it must be a lot of mercury in my food if you've got that then you need a detox you need to be detoxified if you have mercury in your diet a lot but aside from that the any toxins that come through and they might be don't get me wrong like there could be mercury in your diet there could be you know if the fruits and vegetables maybe there could be some toxins on that that that haven't been washed out I mean you've got to clean your foods before you eat them there are chances of that but I also think that that's why in the the world of nutrition there's speak about variety because you do and you don't know there could be something that that might create some type of toxin but because you don't only eat that and build that up in your system you create such variety in your diet then you can be safe from from actual real toxins that could build up but I think for the most part like you said that I knew it was coming when the detox question asked and it was like oh this is good I want to hear what you have to say I think it's completely in line with my expectations let's go a couple more questions if we can with Greg and then we will sign often a few minutes Heather wants to know she says my partner started eating an anti inflammatory diet after she found out she had inflammation around a pinch nerve with her causing problems is it okay for the deviate from eating like this at any point from time to time or should she stay too? Great question Heather um I would say I would have to take a look at exactly what you know your partner is eating in quote unquote what type of deviation you're you're you know considering if I'm understanding correctly and again I may be assuming a lot here the anti inflammatory diet is going to be something that promotes omega-3 fats cut out a lot of like you know simple sugars maybe dairy white flour products omega-6 says if that's what you know I'm assuming that your partner is eating in terms of deviating from that you know what do you what are specifically do you mean by deviating does that mean having the odd again I'll go back to ice cream absolutely like it it's fine you know don't I think stressing about not being able to have those things is probably going to do more damage in the long term than just saying okay you know it's fine I can have it in one go deviating meaning going from you know an anti inflammatory diet to a complete one 80 and anything I don't know cheeseburgers and milkshakes every single day that is probably not going to be a good deviation but the odd you know indulgence in something like a higher sugar I don't like ice cream like some birthday cake once in bloom I don't think there's any harm in that you know if anything I think it's it's totally to have that break just stress wise too mental wise so I think it's perfectly fine if your partner is concerned though you know going and talk to a professional they will sit down and go through your diet with you and see you know where it is that you're what it is specifically concerned about but I don't think you know those odd indulgences in something that's a little bit higher and dear or sugar it is is gonna hurt. Hey Farrah with that being said are there food that tend to be more inflammatory and foods that tend to be anti inflammatory? In general a excess amount of omega sixes can you know be inflammatory and with that I'm not saying that you know with the eat too many nuts all of a sudden you're going to be inflamed most of the omega six fatty acids are we getting an inner diet are from a lot of excess process food intake and a lot of vegetable oils, soy oils, bitter and all kinds of packaged foods you know bottled foods, box foods. Access intake of that in general can be inflammatory you know in the long run so cutting back on that can definitely help in any kind of inflammatory condition bumping up your intake of phytonutrient rich food so you know blueberries, brightly colored strawberries, berries any any brightly colored fruit of vegetable and you're on omega 3 fatty acids bumping up lows in your diet is certainly gonna help with an inflammatory response so those are you know quote unquote anti inflammatory. Gotcha all right Greg one more question if you have it let's do it and then we'll close it out all right Erica wants to know what are your thoughts on intuitive eating. Oh I love that question um Erica that is I want to say it's a whole hour or more in itself because intuitive eating is everywhere at the moment it's a huge topic. I think he has to clarify what intuitive eating means to the individual you know doesn't mean going and eating you know it's wrong caution to the winds and eating whatever you feel like whenever you feel like or doesn't mean listening to your hunger cues and satiety signals and saying you know I generally eat a good diet or quality nutrients micro nutrient-rich diet as is but on the odd occasion when I do feel like having ice cream or cake I'm perfectly fine eating that way because I'm eating intuitively I know I I really want it and that's why I'm you know giving into it or indulging in it. It's there's a huge spectrum of like what intuitive eating means to the front people um so so I feel like I can't really you know answer it completely in just a few minutes but I think intuitive eating can work for people if you have a good understanding of what good nutrition is what nutrient-dense what a nutrient-dense diet is. Outside of that I think you know it becomes difficult to make sure they're eating a good quality diet without compromising your nutrient intake. You move over here and plug my computer in because it's about to conquer out on me. Oh I'd hate for that to happen in the last few seconds or so of our time together but I do want to say this um I think that challenging ourselves is important and sometimes that means that you can be hungry and you just have to be okay with being hungry that's a it's a self-challenge so you don't always have to feed and and this is me it's not research or anything like that it's like exercise to me it is may not be something that I want to do but it's something I challenge myself to do. A hunger is sometimes the same way it's something I want I'm hungry I want to eat and it's a personal challenge for me that I say I'm hungry I'm going to take up this challenge and I'm not going to eat. I'm a drink water or you know do some activity to take my mind off of it and one of the strategies that I simply just use with my clients is you find a food that's not your favorite food but it's also not something that you dislike and with that being said I use carrots and so if you go to the refrigerator and you keep looking for something to eat that's not hunger that's a craving and so you can go in there's a refrigerator filled with food and yet you can't find something to eat that means that you're trying to find something to snack on that's a craving that we hopefully will have subsides so what I tell people is I use a carrot if you're a hungry to eat a carrot you got to eat a carrot right and if you're not hungry enough to eat a carrot then you're not hungry enough to eat and that's not a rule it's not a law but it's something to gauge our desires and our cravings so if we're in a place like that where we're really hungry we're designing we're craving and I see the carrots I don't want to carrot I want something else then that food is probably you're looking for something that's a little less healthy so if you if you're that hungry you got to try to eat the carrot and then after the carrot maybe then if you're still feeling it you can go and grab whatever that other snack is but at least you can pat yourself on the back because you had a carrot I want to say thank you so much to Farah for being here Farah Khan it has been amazing having you I think you answered a lot of questions not just for me but for a lot of listeners and supported what we are trying to do here within the NASM community which is just provide support to our personal trainers and with that being said if you as a personal trainer are interested in nutrition NASM one of our biggest products that we have from the moment we launched it last year is the certified nutrition specialist and it has been an absolute win for us and it's only because of partnering with subject matter experts from all over including researchers not just on the importance of what nutrition is and learning about nutrition but learning how to coach and work with people with nutrition so it's not only about knowing as we mentioned before about knowing the right answers it is about providing a way to better to allow people to understand how to utilize these this dietary support and guidance so the NASM certified nutrition specialist I'm in the program right now so I'm going through it I'm studying for it and if you're interested I hope that you do the same thank you so much for your time thank you for listening my name is Rick Richie Farah thank you for being here this is the NASM CPT podcast

=== FILE: Youth Exercises Superheroes [4wk-pBoGu9w].txt ===

What's up everybody? My name is Katrina Pilkington, NASM, certified personal trainer and youth exercise specialist here with another idea of how to get the family moving with a youth exercise activity. I'm here with Super Kai. What do you want your name to be? Super Gecko. Whatever. Yeah, whatever name you want your character to be. Your kids can use socks. You can cut holes and socks. Use a pillow case as a cape. Whatever you want it to be. We're going to be five exercises that you can use to teach kids some sport skills. So what my little one is demonstrating right now is actually as an underhanded grow. We're trying to save the kitty from the tree. That's the first exercise. And then you can use any toy car. We're going to practice super human strength by lifting cars. We're going to have a superhero fly. A run so you can go super speed and then we're also going to have leaps throughout the buildings. You want to leap? What do you want to do first? If you want to throw, here. You want to leap? With one feeder, two feet. Or throw a cat. Have a little throw. Ready? Go over there. You go over there. Can I throw to you? Ready, superhero? Save the kitty run run run run mommy run run mom you're going to run mom. They'll pick their favorite exercise when it's throwing and they get every skill or stage, which is toddler to early elementary. It's underhanded. What about over? Can we do over is over hand or under hand. Over hand or under hand can be throw over. Good job! Do it! Link they're the buildings. Really fun activity, really fun way to get dressed up with your kids. That means you say thank you. Thank you.
=== Rebuilt on 2025-12-12T06:29:11.774311Z ===
