Thank you for joining us. This is the NESM CPT podcast and our Facebook live webcast that are running in tandem. Thanks so much for being a part of it and for joining us and we've had some wonderful support throughout the last, I guess, several weeks, probably a couple months at this point with the webcast and then taking that audio and repurposing it with our podcast. We have had some wonderful guests and those guests have included researchers and practitioners and business owners and business coaches. So speaking of next week, we will have Rachel Cosgrove is going to be joining us. So I'm excited about that and just come in really handy for all of you fitness and business entrepreneurs as one of the owners of results you and help us all to try to get back on our feet post COVID. But for now, I have a very special guest, a guest that I have to explain maybe a little bit about. One is I've really got a chance to meet him because I picked up his presenter packet Monday at Idea World and when I got it, I realized that I don't know any of this information and I am not teaching nearly this many courses and I realized that it was my cousin, Brian Richie, who is there and we got a chance to really get to know each other and hang out together and enjoy being educators and presenters at fitness conferences, sharing the last name, sharing the stage and presenting on exercise and so with that being said, I want to have Brian say hello, introduce himself, tell us a little bit about your man. Dude, it's so good to see you. I'm glad you're on this. Thanks. It's great to see you too. I can't see how many times I would check into a hotel at some of these presenters and immediately you do a lot of the pre-con stuff. So what I've noticed is they always say, well, you were ejecting and I said, yeah, no, I'm standing here here in my bags and they say, no, it says right here, Rick Rick, and I said, no, I'm Brian Richie. Oh, let me see if we have you, please have me. Please have my hotel room, please. Oh, yeah, my name is Brian Richie. I'm a medical exercise specialist, which means that I specialize in managing people's medical conditions through exercise. Unlike a physical therapist who can do a whole lot more than we can do, all we can really do is the exercise aspect of it. But there's so much that we can do with exercise. Let's face it. I've had a number of physical therapists even tell me, look, you guys are the exercise experts. We're not. PT is no, I'll whole lot about exercise, but we really have the lion share. We know 10 times more than they do because they get to focus on other things. We just focus on the exercise and that's fabulous. We love that aspect of it. I'm the owner operator for life DC, which is a medical exercise studio here in Washington, DC, 90 to 95% of the people that walk through my door have some sort of medical condition, whether it be neurologic metabolic or or a p-day. And I'd say 80 plus percent come from the orthopedic variety. So we see a lot of these and hips and backs and shoulders and whatnot. So I've been teaching all over the world for the last, probably 10 years or so, about medical exercise and about helping people manage those conditions and helping personal trainer help their own clients. Because I'm sure you're in the field like I am, you do a lot of corrective exercise and that's what you're known for. And I can't tell you how many times I keep hearing people say, you know, I have a disperniation. Oh, I can handle that. Where trainers will say, I can do that. I can do that. And look, when we first start out, we're hungry for the money. We don't want to turn anybody away. You know, and I feel it's the same sort of thing that we get caught up in that aspect. And my thing is staying your lane, you know, and if I can help you as a personal trainer, help your clients than I've done my job. Yeah, I love that. And I want to get, let's talk just from your perspective as a medical fitness professional. What is the difference between medical fitness and medical exercise and corrective exercise? What does that look like to you from your perspective? From my perspective, a lot of corrective, first of all, I joke about this all the time when I speak in class. I say, I'll exercise this corrected. Because in truth, we're all trying to, I like that. Trying to, you know, I have wait to lose. I want to gain muscle. I want to do this. I want to create a change in my body. So I have something to correct. And so for me, it's okay. We're going to take a look, especially in corrective exercise at muscular imbalances. That's something that's huge. Now, could those muscular imbalances be causing pain? Absolutely, 100%. But when we're talking about medical exercise, we're going to be talking about specific medical conditions. So when you have someone who has, let's say, spinal loastices or stenosis or discrepanation or something like that, they actually think it's very specific to their body. That's not going to fall under the generalized low back pain category, which tells me, okay, for that person, they have certain parameters in exercise that we need to stick with. There are certain contradictions for every single injury out there. And if I don't abide by those, I can actually hurt this person. I actually had a staff member who thought she knew more than she did. She no longer with me at the moment. But at the time, she thought she knew more than she did. And we had a client come in with spinal loastices. And I said, okay, here's a personalist, personalist thesis. Make sure you do this, this, this, this, and this. And one of the things is, no, go back extension. You have to limit their extension. They need to be in a more of a posterior tilt throughout. So I said, make sure you don't do any back extension. Well, one of the first days she worked with this person, she had her doing back extension exercises. Low outer back completely, center back to the hospital. It was a horrific situation. And it's those kind of situations that I keep hearing about from other fitness professionals that they're injuring their people because they really don't know what they're doing. And a lot of people will say, well, every single person I worked. Okay, we've, we've got a frozen Brian rich to read now. Are you back with us there? Are you froze for a moment? Okay, so, so let's pick back up where you were talking about the back extension, she went to the hospital was bad, and that you're seeing this and pick up there if you don't mind. Yeah, so I'm seeing this when I, when I even go to the gym, I go to buy my house. I can't help it. I over here, conversations that I'm hearing trainers talk. And they always say this, you know, I have 100% success rate. And like, is that truth or did the person just not come back because they were hurt? Because I've also heard people talk about that and the locker room saying, oh, yeah, I worked with so and so, but man, really hurt my shoulder really bad, you know, so I haven't seen him since. And like, but you know, tell the trader that because your friends and you don't want to hurt their feelings or whatnot, you don't have 100% success rate. So for me, when we talk about medical conditions, I really want to make sure that people understand that first of all, do you know further harm? We want to make sure that we stick with their contraindications, and that we're not going beyond our scope of practice. And that's huge in our industry right now. Yeah. Let me just run this by you. So we have another organization called the American College of Sports Medicine. And yeah, you have probably my favorite tagline that says exercise is medicine. And I love that. I think it's wonderful to look at exercise as medicine. But a lot of times when we see this and we know that there are chronic pathologies that can be mitigated and augmented and in some cases eradicated and the people who are not fit become fit and it is harder for fitter people to experience some of these things. So and that includes heart disease and stroke some cancers, certainly diabetes. There are many parts of this medical component. I was speaking with Lisa's daughter, already yesterday, from the MedFit Network, which which I think you've been connected with. So and I was discussing it with her and the list goes on from ALS to MS into all of these chronic pathologies that people have. And exercise is a medicine that helps to support people with that. And so I love that as a tagline. But I've also heard trainers sometimes flippantly say things like the reason something hurts is because they're not strong enough or because they're not stable enough. And this is just generalizing conversation and and it's zero assessment. It's just their opinion and it is a blanket opinion that if somebody is weaker in pain than it's because they're not strong enough and they need to have heard this multiple times, they need to work on their deadlift. And then sometimes it is they're not stable enough. And it's amazing how you know there's we come up with these ideas and we tell the with tell ourselves, this is the answer before I know what the real questions are. And you're familiar with something called the Dunning Crew Perfect where it is when people who are beginners think that they know more than what they know. And the graph is pretty interesting. It starts people up really high in their education and their opinion of themselves. So that's why when you first open a business and you hear about marketing and everything they say you're like that's so simple. You're job so easy. I can do that. And the more you learn about it, the more you see that drop off and realize how much you don't know. And then we've it starts to to tick back up as you get more and more education. You have to know something to know that you don't know it. And there are a lot of people out there that just don't know that they don't know what they're talking about. Absolutely. Absolutely. I used to joke with people when I was in my twenties. I knew everything. In my thirties I realized I don't know everything. In my thirties I realized I don't know anything. I'm still going to. You know and I'm figure by the time I'm 60 I'm going to be like a kindergarten again learning everything all over again. We're constantly learning. And I get a lot of people. I'm sure you do the same. We get a lot of people that come to our classes and they come up to me afterwards and say I want to do what you do. I want to teach. And my first thing to them is great. What do you have to say? What is your experience? Love? What do you have to say that's different than everybody else? And most of these people are in their twenties and they feel like I have so much knowledge okay but you need more experience sometimes. And I agree with you. I do hear that all the time. Oh you're not strong enough. Your muscles aren't strong enough. And stable enough which is great. Exitability is something that they need. Great work on their stability. No problem but in general when you do a mass generalization like that to just everybody of like its statement. You're really doing yourself and us a disservice because like you said there's no assessment. You're not taking a look at them. Something that I feel is very important and I speak about this and on my classes and every single person that comes through my door. They go through an assessment process that first session and it could take an hour and a half whatever it takes it takes. And I want to do their whole medical history. I want to know everything that happened. You spraying drink when you were 14. Great. You know I want everything because what I see with your body and movement today is probably because of all of those things that happened in the past. So I need to know and have the biggest picture possible. Then we do movement and I watch their body mode move and I can see different patterns. I can see where weaknesses are. I can see where and balances are. And then that can speak with their medical condition and we can say okay I have a better picture of you. Now let's do these exercises. Now let's create something that's been bothering me in the last probably three to five years is the big push on mobility. I can't tell you how many people and I think mobility is incredibly important. We need it. However, what I'm seeing is too many people are focusing only on the mobility aspect and now leaving aside stability. And they're having people who are way too hyper mobile. And if you've ever worked with a dancer you're in New York you work with dancers. You work with a hyper mobility issue that's a huge issue. Huge issue. So now we have these athletes coming in who are working on nothing but mobility exercises and they're not stable at all. I've had professional athletes here on my table and I have them do the simplest exercises and they can't do it. Because they have no stability and it's like okay we have to create that. And it may take us a week it may take us a month but once we create it it's great. And then they say I'm so much stronger now. Well good now we've worked from the inside out. Right and isn't that interesting too because I think probably one of the more fascinating things is that you get these really strong athletes on the table and you do your work with them and you focus on stability and you don't focus on strength or power or force output or anything like that and then you run through a stability program and then suddenly they're stronger in every other way. And it's pretty remarkable to see it and to experience that first hand. But when you get somebody that is unstable then you kind of the central nervous system down regulating that information that feed to the other muscles around it. I am not going to allow the deltoids to work as much as they need to to go overhead press if the shoulder is unstable and it's going to turn down and down regulate that activation and in those muscles all around the shoulder and the shoulder girdle. And so all you're doing through stability is giving them access to strength that they already own. They may already have the strength in their shoulders and their triceps to press overhead they just can't access it. So the thing that I've realized over the years I don't know about your age I'm not gonna ask your age I'm 49. The older I get and the more I've seen with clients certain muscles atrophy naturally just through age. Aging disuse certain muscles automatically automatically atrophy and they get weaker. And what I find is a lot of those are the stabilizing muscles. So that we become progressively weaker and weaker and weaker even though we seem to be strong but we're not like you said our center nervous system isn't supporting our system. So we're not strong. We're not maintaining that stability so our joints are working the way they're supposed to. They're not working with proper joint congruities so they're not going to support what we need. When we're young we have all that support and it comes naturally how many athletes in their 20s do we really have to work on stability a lot of them come naturally. We have to do a little bit but it's not the same as a 45 year old athlete where we have to really focus now on a lot more stability in order to get them stronger again. And I get that I get the athlete who's been you know on the industry reserve for a couple of seasons or whatnot and they say I just can't seem to get back to where I was and I say well it's because you're still training like you're 25. You're not 25 anymore. Now we need to train you a little bit differently and focus more on other things and suddenly we're focusing more on longevity and training for life and now they're feeling better they are stable. They are mobile in the right ways and oh my gosh they're about moving properly. Let's shift it back I want to talk a little bit more about medical fitness and what that looks like because I think in many instances our community through our corrective exercise program and even through our regular certified personal trainer program where we go through assessments and some of the postural things that go on and what are some the short-titled interactive muscle, interactive muscle stabilization and then we progress them through our model but the populations, the special populations, our medical populations, we tend to work with people when we get them and like you said early on you don't want to turn anybody away you want to you want the work you want the money. I I early on definitely turns in people away because I was just so scared I was like I just don't know what on earth to do with this person and then at some point as I trained more I got more comfortable but I didn't necessarily get more educated early on and what things were for folks with heart disease or with diabetes or who have had a stroke or and I probably keep it more towards heart disease and diabetes simply because we are now talking about more than half probably of the American population. So what are some of the things and you can break them down and touch on them individually whether it's heart disease or diabetes but what are some of the things that are relevant to you as a medical exercise specialist when it comes to those populations just so our community gets an insight into what it is that you do and then how you work with those people and then with that being said is there any direction that that we can learn a little bit more about some of these populations and and how to support them. Sure. When I was first learning this I was actually told two populations you want to if you specialize in these two populations you're going to make money and have a line out the door. Hypertension and diabetes those are two big ones and it scares everybody. Hypertension scares the pads off a lot of people and it's because well let's face it you can kill them okay if you're not monitoring that you could actually cause a whole lot more harm than good in fact I had one client who came into me and I talked with him he was so gummed whole he was probably in his late 70s so gummed whole and ready to exercise. Yes all right I talked to his doctor and his doctor said don't you do anything with him. This is on the phone he's yelling at me and I said okay okay I said well explain to me what's going on and he said okay he has the most unstable blood pressure anyone I've ever met and I said what do you mean he said measure it over the course of 10 minutes and you're going to get 30 different numbers the numbers going to keep jumping up and down and he was right I kept a cuff on and during the entire session I had a line down the whole session the first one I got the permission from the doctor I said look we need to focus on stability he's got incredibly bad stenosis he's got rating pain down both legs we really need to help alleviate some of that if we can through strengthening and through stability and he agreed with that so I said I'm just going to have a lie down the whole session he said fine perfect his blood pressure would be 180 over 120 one minute and then the next minute be back down to 90 over 50 and the next be and it was jumping all over the place there was no consistency whatsoever and the doctor said he is a heart attack waiting to happen and I said okay let's calm this down and we really took it super easy everything was on the table everything was done supine or prone you know in safe and we monitor him the whole time now that someone with incredibly unstable now most people are going to be relatively stable they've got high blood pressure okay most are going to be on some sort of medication for it and if they're not on medication the doctors told them they need to exercise our main thing is okay we just need to follow some guidelines we need to make sure that they're not over a certain number or to strength you know to work I just have them whenever they come in I have an automatic cuff I've got a really good one I say here take it before you start sit in the chair for two or three four five minutes put it on press the button then before you get on a piece of cardio equipment tell me which one numbers are and I'm on and put it down and that way I can monitor that and I say if it's over you know let's say it's 180 over 120 I said you're too high right now stay there sit down for another five ten minutes read a magazine relax see if it comes down and if it doesn't you're going home today but for the most part it's not going to be that high and it's within the range you know it's in the safe area to train you know cardio vascular if it's below one six if they're a systolic below one six and you're you're good to go so a lot of times that's my sort of number that it's like okay you're below one sixty we can start doing this you know 160 over 90 you're fine let's go let's let's train but we're gonna monitor this and I'm monitored various times during their session if they need to 90% of the time though they come in and their blood pressures perfectly fine text or signs and they need to exercise they need someone to be able to monitor them so it's pretty simple to do so that's someone with high hypertension with diabetes they just have to monitor their glucose they know what's safe and what's not and if you know anybody who's type one diabetes they can tell you when they start getting shaking okay I I'm not diabetic but I have reactive hypoglycemia a little bit so occasionally I actually feel what they feel like it you know what you feel like when you're starting to get low you know you feel that and when it occurs I have had one gentleman who said oh it's happening hang on I got to go measure and it's in the middle of the session as a dude he measures it okay he takes some glucose he sits down he measures it again his it's fine we exercise it's not we can't seem to get him stable okay we're gonna chill out you're done for the session so it's really about just monitoring during the session and keeping them within their safe numbers and the reason I'm not giving you specific numbers today is because I don't want someone to just take the information and I'm giving you and suddenly say that there are diabetes expert or hypertensive expert it's something that they need to go and actually learn about and if they want more information I was educated through the American Academy of Health Fitness and Reun professionals that's who created the whole medical exercise specialist certification which I am and I I've taught for them for years and there's a whole series on just diabetes and hypertension and there's a lot more to it than you know we're covering you know sort of the tips of the trees right now but when dealing with people in these in this way it's pretty simple to do if you know what your parameters are if you understand keep them within this box you're fine they go out of the box you stop right you know and they have to be brave enough to stop that's it times we want to keep pushing people and keep pushing people and we are not them they know themselves about other than we know them but the problem is when you're with a trainer sometimes we allow trainers to push us beyond what we can do because we think we're supposed to exactly I see that constantly yeah how are you great story I was with a brand new client okay she came into me she said she has a little bit of pain in her hip overactive QL she had an upslip you know one of her pal was up high okay a parent right from the get-go no problem that's bread and butter to me okay her first session you know I did the full assessment and that was the only thing she walks five to ten miles a day she's a hiker and avid I mean she's an amazing shape for six these five years of age or whatever she was amazing so I said great her first session I had her do a bridge as soon as she went into extension she was ooh nice said what's ooh she was oh I felt this lightning bolt thing go down my leg said you're done stop and she was no no I want to go on I said no I'm not letting you go on I said that is a tell tale sign that there's something more going on here I said her husband's a physician so I said you're gonna call John and he's gonna suggest for you to go to see North of Pitas that he trusts if he doesn't know of any I can suggest some names but you need to go into see somebody because I'm not touching you until I know what's going on a week later she added I'm right done she had the results she said this says I have stenosis a disperniation and respond to low-distance thesis so that right there I was like if I continued to work with her could I have made things worse absolutely so sometimes just saying no and knowing when to call it off and I tell everybody went and doubt refer out oh yeah because on the total pull we're not that high you know we're down here we know what we do and we do it well we do it better than anybody doctor we can't train you the way we can nutrition is can't train you the way we can neither can a PT or no team that's our specialty but at the same time we can't diagnose you know we can do all of those things that they can do we can't treat I remember being a young trainer first couple of months of training and having a complimentary session which we offered at the gym chain that I was working at and the person was a physician and I was freaking out I was freaking out Brian it was like this person they're going to see what is Charlotte and I am how I don't know anything what was me and that person got there and they they initiated with some kind of hoiety toy kind of things you know and they weren't trying to be but they were just like well technically and as they started talking I was like you don't have a clue what we're talking about here you don't know what this is or this exercise or how it affects you in this energy system and it was a it was an eye open element that you kind of realize that we know what we know and they know what they know and they know a lot more than we know but it's a totally different world and they have an inkling and understand if they know exercise is healthy they know that it's good they know that if more of their patients with chronic diseases maybe had started doing regular exercises early on and more often and paid attention to their diet then it would have mitigated almost all of their business but it is interesting how they don't know we know necessarily and that we don't need to to be so pensive and so tended around people that are like that and let's be honest Brian even if they do know more than what we know and we bring them in it's so funny because I think so many times people know what they should be doing anyway but or at least in some instances know what they shouldn't be doing they're coming to us sometimes for as not as much even for education but for accountability or even myself I can't watch my stuff that's your side to pull out the time going well it's a little bit around and the back there Rick when I was doing a lift or something I'm like whoa I had no idea and so it is not just about how smart you are it's not it is about your ability to coach and your ability to train do you still need to know what what it is that we're doing do you still need to have an education base for sure but we shouldn't be afraid that other people are going to know more than what we know and if they do that's a great learning opportunity I know I've learned a lot about business from my clients that were business people so it's been very helpful learning from them it's like getting a masterclass for free or getting paid for it so they're paying me I'm training them and then they're telling me all these wonderful secrets about how business works or about medical industry or how the ER is happening so it's an opportunity for sure oh I can't tell you how many times I've had positions come in and you know they have no idea of what we do they have no idea of what we do and I have a number of positions who come to me now regularly and it's always interesting because they become some of my best clients they become some my good friends and then I start teaching I teach I'm a master instructor and a faculty instructor for balanced body and I teach there anatomy and three dimensions class which you see me do before where we actually build with the skeleton the muscular system out of clay they want to take the class because they say I you know what I took anatomy oh man it's got to be 30 years ago and because I'm taught we have to be talking muscle and because they're a physician I figure they should know this stuff so I'm talking about you know the public floor and I'm talking about you know specific muscular church or everything and I can just see the glaze look in their eyes and I'm like you know don't know anything about this do you they say well you know how long ago it's been since I did an anatomy so then I'll say why don't you come and take my class free just come in play around and afterwards I'll say oh my gosh did I learn so much I wish we had this when I was in med school and I say my gosh I'm teaching Pilates instructors and personal trainers things that are higher are at a higher level than where their positions may understand and again I went into my I had surgery last year and I went into my surgeon and I had very specific questions on things and I started talking to him on a level that was his level and he said hold up he said where'd you learn this I said well I went through you know of med and I downloaded these articles and all this kind of stuff and I was very specific on what he was going to do in the surgery and all this kind of stuff and he said wow that's awesome he said nobody knows this stuff but us and he said look I'm a fantastic surgeon and I know exactly what you're talking about he said but nine tenths of the doctors out there have no idea what you just said they all know their specialty group you know they all know what they know we know what we know so when we are talking to physicians I tell everybody practice talking to them because they're going to be your best friend and one of your best referral sources ever especially if you start doing medical exercise because we can't affect the change as good as they can't or better let's face it we have something we call movement medicine in balance body it's a program put out that was done by Norris and John and we're actually bringing it out as an advanced movement principles hopefully in the next couple years and it really is teaching how we can utilize movement as medicine because the more the body moves the better we feel and the more we're understanding about the fossil system the more we realize we need to move in order for our body to function properly and we're just at the tip of the iceberg and really understanding how movement will help the medical system and I think it's only a matter of time hopefully in our lifetime hopefully not too much longer that we become part of the medical field there's no trainers I've joked that we're not your primary care physician but we're the secondary care physician because how many times of people have your clients come up to you and ask you real specific medical question you're like I'm not your doctor I don't I don't have this information you know I can't answer this talk to your doctor but we can help them out with general things we can help them with a little bit of diet we can help them with exercise we can help them stay healthier longer and in that sense we're helping doctors you know it's something it's kind of interesting that we don't think about and and you've mentioned a couple of times already that that you're doing these kind of orthopedic assessments right so let me find out let me just get an assessment of your your alignment let me see you know short muscles and and things like that so we're looking at alignment this is interesting there's a correlation between the mortality rates for people who have hip fractures when they get into an older age and one of the reasons that that mortality rate goes up so much is because when you lose movement then it's not because the hip hurts it's because when you were no longer moving then we're no longer getting the cardiovascular respiratory effects the cardiovascular effects of movement and daily activity not even exercise and so we see it accelerated and older populations where lack of movement in sedentary lifestyle while trying to heal from something is very challenging and at one point my my dad has some hard issues and he's got a shoulder issue and the the doctor hit the heart doctors really concerned about a shoulder and when he asked why he said look if you're sitting down and you need help getting up and you have to use your arms to get up and it hurts your shoulder the chances are you're just going to sit down more and your shoulder needs to be in a better place so you feel more comfortable getting up and moving because that's what you need for your heart and so for us there are things that we can do as corrective exercise specialists that can help people with medical issues but to think that we have gone through and and studied one thing does not grant us necessarily heart blanche to move directly into claiming medical professionalism and as an exercise specialist that is a much deeper conversation you have to have an understanding of the pathologies of the medications of their effects on the blood pressure and the heart rate and the blood sugar and you know we can can go all over the place with this but the understanding is that there are things that we can do to help people but if they're coming to you specifically because of one of these things and you have somebody that's around you that is much more educated in those particular pathologies than someone that has medical exercise training and education should be the ones that take that over 100% 100% in the course the medical exercise specialist we go over a multitude of pathologies and delved so deeply into each that you really need to understand all of it and unless you understand all of it you really can't help that person and you're right when it comes to certain things we I think because we deal with people's health all the time it's easy for people to water come to us and ask us all of our all of their health questions but we have to remind people please talk to your physician talk to your doctor because yes when it comes to your knee or your back or you know this or that I can help you out like nobody's business that's what I do that's my cake but I'm not going to take so responsibility of your health that's not my job that's your physician and I'm going to work with your physician and I want to talk to your physician because I can be his ally we can work as a team I had a great I had a client who used this great term that one of his doctors is his quarterback and I heard that nice that's brilliant he said oh yeah that's what that's what he told me he said you need one doctor to be your quarterback and then he's going to refer out to the doctors that he trusts and the people that he trusts and they'll all talk together and that's really how the medical system should work where everybody is in communication with the and where we are talking and whereas I can tell that client to go back to the doctor the doctor can feel free to call me and I have a number of doctors that do call me and say oh for Mrs. Jones I you know I spoke with her today and we're worried about this and this I'd like you to do this and this and that and what do you think and they asked me my opinion too and I say okay what about this and this and they say oh great or you know based on this medication I'd rather than not do that it's a communication it's a two way streak and that's the way it should be we should never be afraid to talk to someone's position because they're the ones who should have the bigger picture and that's important for us to know too. Thank you so much for dropping all of this kind of knowledge to honest and and your perspective and your experience I want to reach out to producers and Greg right now and just say I know that we're at Facebook live and they've got chat going on are there any questions that have come up during this conversation that for Brian that maybe he could answer directly for people. Yeah so Jessica and the chat wants to know when has trainers should we request to speak to a client's medical doctor like you mentioned you and spoken wondering. Oh I speak to him constantly. In my opinion every time I do a assessment on someone every single time I do an assessment I get their primary care position and if they're seeing orthopedist or neurologist or whoever their specialty position is I get that person to or physical therapist and I call him all I call him immediately and it for a number of reasons one I want to have the biggest view of the person possible so that they so that I can see okay what does this doctor want me to do with this person or what does this physical therapist or neurologist or whoever it is I want the biggest view possible. Secondly it's a great opportunity for me to market myself to this doctor because the doctor will now know that I specialize in working with the client tell that's a little bit different than the average you know lift heavy objects up put them back down again trainer which is in their mind what we all do. So I say immediately talk to the doctor if you have any questions talk to the doctor I will say this though doctors in general most positions don't have a whole lot of time to talk to you. So what I say is this keep it short keep it sweet you know ask the right questions right them down if you have to ask if there's any communication you need to know about ask exactly you know pinpoint boom boom boom boom boom that way if they need to get off the call they can as soon as they need to but I can't tell you how many times I'll say oh I missed working with Miss a Smith I noticed with her hip she's six weeks out of you know this or 12 weeks out of this she's had this done okay here the contraindications I see do you see any other ones and are they say oh yes I see this is a contraindication in this is a country's fantastic these are the motions I'm thinking about doing not the exercise doctors don't care about exercise they don't care if you're going to use a leg press they don't care if you're going to do a step up or a lunge what I'm talking about is okay I know that they're going to need a little bit more the glue meets or we're going to do a little bit more hip that abduction I'm going to start open chain that we're going to move into closed chain does that work for you when they hear us using these terms immediately they're like wow this person actually knows what they're talking about I can't tell you how many times they said yes and after we finish talking about Miss a Smith or Miss a Smith they're like now tell me what do you do again yeah right you tell tell me what what your specialty is and I explain more about what I do and they're like oh could you send me more information so it's it's perfect for me I can use it as marketing but I'm getting more information and the better picture I get and the bigger picture I get the better it is for me to program that client Brilliant thank you thank you for that and and and I will say if you are going to be speaking to a physician to people out there be very clear about what the questions are that you're going to ask for the exact reasons Brian was talking about you're going to need you're going to have a very short window of time and I've spoken with some physicians that were very short and and and I'm okay with that I get it I know how hard it is just when I have an appointment with them for them to show up so I'm actually going to phone call can be difficult so be very prepared with the question to you want to ask for those clients Greg do we have another question any other questions then and I know Chad actually had a follow up to what we were just talking about and wondering how what do you have to do to get the doctor to disclose that kind of information I assume that you have to have the client the client reject the doctor previously correct yeah either reach out previously every time someone comes in I should have said this I have a release of information form and anybody wants to reach out to me I can give them this release of information form it's very generic but it'll give them to give the doctors permission to speak with us so what I do is I have them sign it right when they come in and I got to tell you I'm in Washington DC one of the most litigious areas in the world and I can't see how many people say well I don't want to sign this in this and I say fine you just have to call your doctor form I don't mind or right on it what limitations you are going to allow to talk to my orthopedist about this in this that's fine but when they sign the release of information I as soon as they tell me what the doctor's name is I'm googling the doctor I find out what their facts number is I facts it to them sometimes even when the client's here or as soon as they leave I facts them the information and then I follow up immediately with a call and I say you should have in your facts machine that release the information form about Mrs. Smith I'd love to talk with the doctor about her she's coming to me for exercise or medical exercise if that's a specific thing that she wants and I just need to know contraindication would you have doctor so and so please call me and believe it or not I'd say 90% of the time I hear back and again Rick exactly keep it short keep it sweet no exactly what you're going to say don't fumble over your words boom boom boom boom boom boom and that way they can get off the line as soon as they they want to thank you for that just anything else Greg as we start to wrap this up if there any other questions or chat no you guys actually covered a lot of it but I really everybody seemed to really enjoy the discussion so appreciate appreciate it guys and don't forget join us on Monday Rick will be back at 90M Pacific new Eastern with another NSM CPT podcast live excellent thank you so much Greg I appreciate it and then let me also give my shout outs to Brian for being here Brian Richie thank you so much for being a part of this and sharing your experience with us your story what it is that you do there may be some people that would like to reach out to you and maybe they want to get that form or they've got some follow up questions or maybe they want to follow you on social media so if you don't mind share those things with whatever your comfortable sharing how people can get in touch with you sure sure social media I'll be honest I'm still learning I'm 49 I wish I was 24 and I knew all this stuff Instagram I'm at fit for life DC and that's with the number four same with Twitter at fit for life DC same with Facebook if you want to reach me directly I welcome everybody to contact me Brian BRIN at fit FIT the number four life DC as in district of Columbia.com easy way to get in touch with me and I answer all questions I've got like you do I've got a number of videos and whatnot out there contact me and I can hook you up with some links and share what I can with you you can also reach me through balance body go to Pilates.com I speak all over the world teaching both corrective and medical exercise as well as the anatomy and three dimensions for them so I teach it most of the same conferences that you are Rick I'm still I'm hoping often my happens cross my fingers you know I'm missing not traveling I'm missing not getting front of people and teaching so yeah I can't wait and hopefully that'll still happen man well it's currently still slated it's still in the books and I'm looking forward to seeing people so I would love for that to happen and I can't wait to come across your path again and if we're forced to stay six feet apart that's fine but if not I'd love to know your neck next MSU. Absolutely absolutely I can't wait to see you again. Excellent thank you so much Brian Richie for being with us my name is Rick Richie thank you so much this is the NASM CP podcast