Hey everyone, it's your boy Andre Adams here with the NSM Peak Physic Podcast, where we dive into the science, strategies and stories behind peak performance. Today I'm joined by Special guest Amma Reacher, veteran journalist, professional bodybuilder, and author of LIFT. How women can reclaim their physical power and transform their lives. We're going to explore how women are reshaping the narrative around strength, and I'll be tying it back into what that means for athletes, coaches and competitors just like you. Be sure to like, follow and subscribe, and if possible leave a five-star review. See you guys soon. Another exciting episode of the NSM Peak Physic Podcast on your host Andre Adams, NSM Master Trainer, and IFBB Physic Olympian. And today I'm really excited to introduce our special guest, in just a moment. Our focus today will be on female body image and breaking barriers. She's had an incredible career as a journalist with the Wall Street Journal, and now is a professional bodybuilder and author of LIFT. That's a unique combination. We don't get to hear every day with that welcoming to the show for the very first time. Let's welcome Ann Marie Shaker to the Peak Physic Podcast. How's it going, Ann? Hey, Andre. Thanks for having me. Good. Likewise. I'm so happy we could connect today and talk about your amazing journey and everything that you have going on. I also want to definitely hit on that transition from journalists and to bodybuilder because again, that's very unique. And then we'll be talking about how our followers can weave and adapt some of these information in this motivation back into what they're doing as they build their own physics. Excellent. All right. Well, take us back to the beginning. We're going to rewind back to that journalist perspective. So tell me about what led you to initially cover women in fitness and strength sports and bodybuilding and what did that entail in your career? Yeah. So I guess my story is that I was a newspaper reporter. I worked at the Wall Street Journal for 27 years. And my fitness journey started at, I would say, kind of a low point in my life. After I had my second baby, I was kind of reeling from postpartum depression. Had a really hard time. It was around this time to be exact where she was born. My dad passed away suddenly of my parents lived a couple doors down and dad was walking the dog and passed away from a heart attack. And I had this newborn. And my marriage was crumbling around this time. So it was just weeks after that. My husband moved out. So it was just like this time where every kind of truth was kind of offended. And I was dealing with like a lot of loss. And so I had never been much of a drinker. But I had a really hard time sleeping. And my friend was over one evening. And we were kind of sitting across like it on the couch. And she said, you know, just have a little glass of wine maybe before you go to sleep and it'll help. And so I started having that little glass of wine and turned out into two glasses of wine and pretty soon. I was really kind of hitting the bottle all the time and just kind of in a dark space. So anyway, all of this came to my head one day. I was taking my kids and my mom on a trip. And we were going to a hockey tournament. I was coaching my daughter's hockey team. And we were saying at this, you know, Dinky Motel, we're all the families stay. And I poked my head in and there was one of the hockey moms was in this little hotel fitness room. And she looked amazing. She was like crushing this workout. And it was just the combination of her physique. But also kind of how she done this a million times. And she was recording everything on an app. And she just looked like really with it. And I felt like I was a mess. So I went up to her and I kind of said, you know, what's your story? What's your dealer? You cross-bitter. And she said, no, I do bikini competitions. And I'm a slack because it sounded like I'd never heard of this. So what is that like, you know, beauty contest when she said, this is the sort of body building and a macros. And I have a coach and I did it. And I thought, wow, you know, you look amazing. I looked terrible. Like, like, I would love the name of this coach that you're working with. And so she said, yeah, I know. I'll give you she works with not just body builders, but just people who are trying to get healthier. And Romans forgot about the exchange. But when I got back home, this woman's name was in my inbox. And so I reached out to her. And that's where my journey kind of began. She was this retired body builder who coached women. And that's where it all started. It's it's beautiful when you think about that journey to and because we've all been at that point sometime in our life where we feel like we're at rock right? You mentioned like the loss of your dad and going for your own issues, which again, 99% of everyone on this planet, we're going to experience some level of loss similar to that. And when it all hits, it's very important that you've got some way to climb out of rock bottom. And for you, like many others, fitness, you know, was that therapy for you? Was that thing that helped get you out of that and channel some of that energy back into something constructive? And I think that's a beautiful story to tell. Like even though again, we're taking that negative, but we're finding a positive outlet for that. So that's awesome. And I always say this too, because this law of attraction. And that's no coincidence that you happen to pop your head in that day and just happen at that moment to, you know, see this young lady getting in shape. It was meant to be. And it's awesome because it inspired you. And now you've inspired many along your own journey. You know, that's so true. I think about that moment a lot. And what that moment kind of inspired and it, like, kind of formed this whole trajectory of my life. And you know, yes, like what you said, shit, get hard. It gets really hard. And it's not like, you know, that was a tough moment. But there have been other tough moments since then, you know? And what I love about strength is it's for me, the lift in the gym. It's not just a physical thing. And I actually learned this from another competitor that for me, the lift is almost kind of an allegory, right? It's like, I imagine all the crap of the day or things that are bothering me or things that I just want to, I just want to eliminate or people who bug me or whatever it is. It's like, I picture that and I physically lift it. And it's almost like a physical manifestation. And I tell you, it's the combination, the, the chemical reaction of what happens in the gym and kind of this, almost allegory helps me kind of when I come back from a good lift, it's like my entire day is changed. I perform better. Everything feels lighter. It's like I can do, I can overcome or do anything. It's magic. I can't say enough. It is. You know, some people pay it there, pissed, some people are the church. But you know, you can pay your dues and iron as well. And it definitely is therapeutic. It's the one of the number one stress reliefs on the planet. And I think that's, again, it's great that you've laid that foundation and you can always come back to that because we're always going to have things that pop up in life, but this can be one of those consistencies that lays the foundation. And, you know, one thing that I'd love for you to dive into also is looking at your time as a journal, especially how does mainstream? So, if we think about mainstream outlets, even like Wall Street Journal, for example, social media and what have you, how does that shape the public perception of women's fitness or women's physics? Right? When we're thinking about things like body image or thinking about self-esteem, how do mainstream outlets shape that? Well, what I thought was so interesting about this journey was when I started working with this coach, I had always associated fitness with trying to reduce, you know, a reduction effort. So, it was about getting thin, right? And it's this conceit that as women, we are, you know, from day one, we are told that skinny is success. And here's how to get it, here's how to find it, and you're not enough if you don't get it. And it becomes like this message that we are bombarded with everywhere. So much so that it's like the color of paint on the wall, you know, it's like you see it so much. You stop even recognizing it. It's in the grocery, you know, weathings, lean cuisine, skinny jeans. It's just in every message we get. And I, you know, I had been an athlete growing up, but then it was like after, you know, after college and starting work, it was like sports were gone, and it was all kind of like everything was about, you know, yoga or, you know, lean muscle and trying to get thin and the, the mommy groups running marathons. And none of this like was interesting to me and it all kind of seemed directed to again, trying to be less. So, what I thought was so cool about working with a bodybuilding coach and being kind of in this rabbit hole now of power lifters and women who lifted was that it was all about the mournus, right? It was about building and kind of making more muscle and kind of like I put on like look at my new, you know, by-sup and I was in this close Facebook group and the chatter was all about like look at the more of me and eating more like one of the things that I found with my coach was that like I wasn't eating nearly enough, which surprised me because I always thought like I'm supposed to eat less and try to eat less and cut calories and it was about no, like eat to optimize your, your body, eat like an athlete and more protein and more. So, what was fascinating to me is that my physique, when I found the mournus, like my physique started changing, I was building muscle but, you know, also leaning out and for the first time I started wearing a two-piece swimsuit and, you know, my confidence went way up and so that that really was the knob of why do you want to explore this that like, why my whole life had I been taught to chase less when it seemed so clear to me that I performed better, you know, I would come back to my desk after a good lift and I would sound more confident on the phone. My story ideas were better. I was more creative. I was, you know, I started wearing lipstick again and created a match.com profile and I met my future husband like, all of these things were happening to me that were so positive and I, I just, the more I thought about it, the more it was insane that like all of us women had been taught to chase less of, less of ourselves when the answer was in the more of ourselves and muscle and, um, so I really wanted to explore a book that, looked at, well, what is this skinny thing and how did it ever come to be and, and why and, um, why and how muscle was so the science of it and why it was so important and why we should all be chasing it. Right and it really is about building to your point, you know, you went through your own recomp which is that phase where, you know, we're improving our body composition, we're building scale and muscle, we're losing body fat, but what are we gaining beyond muscle, we're also gaining emotional strength, we're gaining physical strength and I tell people this all the time, it's beautiful when you stop and think about how something as simple as the sport of body building actually mirrors a lot of the attributes that we need to be successful in other areas of life. When we think about self-discipline, consistency, self-efficacy, confidence, right, consistency, all the things that make you successful in a relationship, as a parent, as an employee or an entrepreneur, those same disciplines mirror what we do in body building. So I love it, it all ties together as full circle and one other thing I'd love to highlight there too before we move off the media because again we talked about how like media can shift the perception of women's strength and fitness and how we're building not just physically but emotional strength through body building. Let's highlight maybe where media narratives can also diverge from like the real athlete experiences, you know examples you mentioned the, you know, getting lean, getting skinny, getting less, right and we're like no let's we need to feed you, we need to you know output more energy, we need to grow, right body building is about growing and I think other areas where like mainstream media might diverge a little bit from our actual athlete experience is body building is always considered masculine, right a lot of women will get shamed because it's like all you're lifting heavy weights, you're going to get bulky, you're going to look like a man. It's selfish is what they're were told, right but in order to be successful at anything you actually have to take a little mean time and focus on improving yourself, right? So if that's what it takes going to college would be selfish or trying to get a promotion at work would be selfish, right? So body building is no different we've got to round ourselves by giving ourselves a love so that we can grow and ascend to that next level and then one other area that we can definitely chop it up on when we're talking about like especially on social media but even in you know magazines and mainstream I think anything including the sport of body building can tend to be overly sexualized, right where women are maybe looked at of jack you know or objectified when it's maybe out of contact. So you know has that come up in your career and how have you navigated that or what would be your advice to people that have that stereotype that you know the sport is just very sexualized? Mm-hmm. Well I have that also I remember one my my coach said you know I started working with her just because I thought I could benefit from you know having a gym program and learning more about how to eat better and I didn't really so after um I don't know six months or a year of working with her she said you know you put on muscle really easily you should consider competing and I thought oh no no no that is like so cheesy like I'd seen the fake tans and the blingy bikinis and the clear stripper heels and I was like no no no no I'm like a Wall Street Journal reporter and what would my boss is think of what my mother think and no no that's not for me and then you know at some point like I just really like loved the community and I was really like proud of like the body I was building and I was really interested in it and I thought you know what I'm gonna do it I'm gonna go for it and it'll be like this one time thing and maybe I'll write about it and that'll be that um so I decided to do it and I fell in love with it I fell in love with the look of muscle on a body and being able to see it and I just thought bodies were so much beautiful and interesting with muscle on them and um and I loved kind of the crazy you know the carnival aspect of like these shows and people come in together and like from all walks of life you know you have red state blue state every you know socioeconomic class race religion to everybody so diverse and we all come together to like you know compete on these stages and I thought it was such a trip and um I had a blast I had a blast doing the sexy walk I had a blast posing I had a blast and the sprite meeting new people and you know you come back to these shows and you know you see the same coaches and the competitors and it's like you make friends and I just I just loved it so um yeah I mean for me like sexy is part of the fun I like that part it's uh I lived in it I inhabited a very like you know straight-laced intellectual like always in like computer in my head writing words and it just kind of the physical just kind of this space took me out into another aspect of exploring myself and um I've always enjoyed it I don't know if I'll be doing it forever but I still enjoy it I'm competing um again starting this fall um I'm really looking forward to competing as a pro for the first time yeah it's I mean honestly it's an incredible experience so for you guys that it may be thinking about competing we can highly highly recommend and encourage get you a good coach for one yes but I promise you if you have the right experience the right people around you you're going to tap into a different gear a different part of yourself that you probably didn't know existed and I promise you are going to love the experience and it's like planning for a wedding or something you put all this work in for months and months and months and then you blink and it's over and you're like immediately I want to do this again I want to do it better right you get all this feedback and things that you can improve and that's the beauty is we're always chasing this perfection there's no such thing as perfection but that's what we're chasing and it's a continuum that it's motivating we've got structure we've got goals and again you can apply that same goal setting logic to anything else you're doing you know and then just you know having coached myself over at this point gosh probably we're 500 athletes over the last 15 years at all levels from novice to IFBV Olympians I can definitely tell you exactly the experience that you described it's the most common experience people that didn't even know that maybe they would be successful body builders or you know I might scout somebody at the gym like oh this you know this person has potential they should consider bodybuilding and you know maybe that first conversation it's like no no I'm too shy I never thought about doing that or what would my mom think and then you fast forward a year and there an overall champion and they're just in love with the sport so I love that you also mentioned that because it it really is the most common thing it's an experience and it's a platform of self expression for us right our bodies are our masterpieces and we can improve our health inside and out when we're more healthy we feel better we look better we're more confident and overall quality life is just better so I love it definitely glad that you took advantage of that and you're coming back this fall so I'm sure you'll do phenomenal this fall and you know going on that same line of thinking you know how did the training so let's talk about the training I'd love to hear a little bit about your training style to how many days per week you know are you you know progressing intensity or changing periodizations or changing phases within your training periodically you know let's share with the followers what is your training look like and how is it also shaping your strength and your body image as you're going through prep? Oh that is such a great and big and complex question so I guess like I'll talk about what the sport is generally like for me and why it's so different than any and why I'm drawn to it we we talked about how I kind of fell in love with the look of muscle and also like sports in the past like they're all about like the performance in terms of like beating the time or winning the match or and this sport is so different because the the the work is in the day-to-day right and it doesn't look sexy the work is in the lifestyle it's in the micro decisions of what we put in our bodies um what we slurped what we what time we work out it's really boring and on sexy and it's like and that grind that lifestyle grind is what is really attractive to me because it's like it makes you look at your life in a way that like I can live this life of discipline and being an athlete as I'm being a journalist being a mom like I can totally do this while I'm juggling all of these other aspects of my life and that is super hard and that is like kind of the fun badass challenge to me I don't know if that makes sense but um that's why so rather than like the performative it's more like the diurnal that way I love um and um it sounds really weird but yeah it all kind of comes together at the end in this like weird like carnival aspect of like bling and fake tan and fake nails and big hair and muscles and like I love all that I love all that so yeah it's like nothing else it's like no other sport and it can be like incredibly frustrating and matinee because I've had times where like I've put in the work and I like I remember one show in particular um I was condensed that I was the best one on the stage and I remember like listening to the judges call out I was like I thought I was gonna win and they put the Southern girl first and I must have had this like look on my face without realising and I could hear my coach from the audience kind of like calling me out like fix your face and so I like put on this but it's just like it is subjective and um you can't I mean you can't do it for that reason so it's really taught me a lot about like why I do things and like competing against yourself like I used to be really focused on winning and being the best one and you can only control what you can control and you can only control like beating your package from the year before and it's easy to say but uh it's something that I really kind of taken with me in life too like you can't worry about what other people you have to really like know that you gave it your all and be good with that and feel good in your skin and like it's just really valuable stuff so I've continued to learn as a now god I'm a 50 year old athlete now and I still um learn and grow from competing and from my experience and misfortune so it's very very cool and it's it's given me a lot well that's where the cliche as cliche as it sounds the fall in love with the process really came from right because most people I'll say this a lot of people do get into this part for the wrong reason and they fall in love with the outcomes and not the process and that's a temporary high right it's temporary if you happen to win an overall or you get to pro card or you know you qualify for the Olympia that's a temporary high and it's always a fleeting feeling that you feel on club nine and then after a couple weeks you kind of forget and you need that constant external but when it's truly intrinsic the thing that motivates us most is falling in love with the framework that leads us to be successful right and again that framework mirrors bodybuilding it mirrors life but that's the daily habits the daily decisions that add up to these really big results later on and when you fall in love with that part of the process you're unstoppable it doesn't matter if it's one show or ten shows the the whole concept is that every single time you step on that stage that you have made an improvement whether it's one percent or five percent your better every time right so that's how I try to approach life too is with that same mentality is every time I do something I want to be one to two percent better same thing as if I'm stepping on stage so definitely set the up for success you've got beautiful framework that you can fall back on and you know I think also the same way we approach even like any a-s-m when we're programming there's right what we call periodization where we're in phase one phase two phase three it's very similar when we're walking throughout a prep when we're you know going throughout the course of life you can kind of break things up into different phases and you know progress your way through them so I love it I think that's a great mindset to have and other things I want to definitely dive in with you while we got to today is going to be empowerment and how can we tie that back into training applications so you know I know one of your missions right your core values is to empower women to reclaim their physical power right what practical steps does that look like what what actionable things especially as an athlete now and who knows maybe one day you'll be working with other athletes as well but what advice would you have to you know for women that are looking to empower themselves and reclaim that yeah so I think like we're in this really interesting time right now where we've kind of two things going on we've got like GLP ones have come to the fore and so there's this like return like this big movement to you know to moving back to this lessness model well at the same time you've got this you know in the female space you've got like the the menopause space and the women in mid-life space interested now more than ever I think in the power of muscle and what it can do for strengthening bone and combating osteoporosis and osteoporosis you have all this interest in women now exploring strength and weightlifting and and this is this is positive so I guess this brings me to models of self care that like we've also all been taught that like oh you know self care is important that you know Kell gone take me away or getting a manicur or this cream or you know it's something self care is something you buy and I would encourage women to think about self care as making the time to find your strength so it's super important to be consistent and for me I like to think in terms of rules of three right so three times a week shoot for maybe three exercises three sets of 10 30 minutes and if you can use that as a starting point go in and tell yourself just going to do three things three things three sets of eight to 10 so maybe it'll be an upper body thing maybe it'll be a leg thing but if you can do three things three sets of each one and give yourself 30 minutes no goofing off you're just going to go in 30 minutes I swear to you you will if you can do that for four weeks six weeks eight weeks you will have set yourself up and then you can build from there but you know I truly believe my work in this book kind of showed me that science and anthropology and early history shows that women were inherent athletes that we weren't like outpicking berries in the field and while men hunted we were an integral part of agriculture we were like early bone studies show that we were these strong badass beings but this whole like diminutive like women should be polite and small and then is really just a product of the 20th century that actually we are our birth rate is that we are these buck badasses and we were lifting heavy things back in the day and we were athletes and so that's who we are that's how our bodies perform best and so I challenge women to think of self-care as like going back to that badass cave woman warrior giving yourself 30 minutes three times a week to grunt lift heavy things clang a barbell get sweaty you will come home and you will feel so good and you will have done so much good for your body. Yeah for you guys that are listening if you don't believe us I highly highly I will put an open challenge to all my guy athletes out there we actually did this at my gym here at step in this canocial last year but I highly challenge you guys to walk into any gym and challenge some of the female athletes to hit for us I promise you to keep it won't get so that we had a funny challenge in house a lot of my guy physique and bodybuilding competitors could not keep up with our girls on any of the group rich hip thrust so you guys are you hit on something there very important too and on when we're talking about goal setting we're talking about executing on things one thing I learned actually for my 20 years and corporate leadership is when we have things like strategic initiatives priorities or whatever we might call them you know a lot of things that I will say common mistakes people make in any goals is they have too many goals on their plate right they have 5 10 20 things that they're trying to accomplish at once and you hit on something very important there but we can narrow that focus down let's say one to three things at a time what happens is your ability to execute on those goes through the roof right you're going to have 90 to 100% execution on those one to three things but if we had those one to three things plus 10 other things all on our plate at once our percentage of execution goes way down we might accomplish nothing or 10 to 15% of what's on this massive list so for you guys that are trying to take some of these strategies implement them and make them actionable use that advice of keeping the focus on one two or three things at a time as you you know walk throughout this empowerment journey of your own I love that I also feel like I can't focus if I've got more than three things that I wanted to like life is complicated I've got too many things swimming in my brain it gets too complicated like three is about all I can remember anyway so don't over-complicate this is a rocket science right this is about taking the time don't look for motivation because it ain't going to happen I've never motivated to go work out are you kidding me I don't know about you but it's like often it's just like the last thing I'd want to do that is to go to the gym I work out there's a million I'd rather you know watch TV bond bonds you know to million other things you make yourself do it and once you do it like a lot of things in life you're really glad you did but it's just a habit that you do it's just the thing you do like brushing your teeth or anything else you make yourself though and then be done with it and your glad you did it yeah that's exactly right and it takes about three to four weeks to really transition you know those habits into a full routine so for you guys gonna maybe just be getting that empowerment of that fitness journey don't get discouraged if one or two weeks in you're like gosh this is hard I feel like giving up you know maybe I should just quit promise you keep going and by the time you get to that third or fourth week things do tend to get easier because you've now established that habit and routine and then you know just even going back to something else you mentioned earlier and about you know the your rule of three will call it I like that right when we think about things like atomic habits when we can bring those habits down into small palatable steps right where it's like I'm not going from sedentary to saying hey you got to be in the gym five days a week for an hour you got to hit you know four days a fast to cardio for for 45 minutes if we went from zero to a hundred most people are going to get overwhelmed and ultimately quit but when we can say hey look give me three days don't even worry about how great your workouts are if you're there for ten minutes or an hour give me three days that you just show up show up at yes right and after five minutes hey look if you're not feeling it you can you can go home and rest that day I promise once you're in there you're gonna be like you know what the hardest part was just getting here I actually feel pretty good now right and yeah you're normal workout so start you know refocusing on those small actionable steps that behaviors the micro decisions and habits that are going to make you successful in the long run I think it's also important for people to look at stacking those wins right when we think about walking throughout a prep when we think about beginning that empowerment journey look for the small wins don't look for the home runs when we can stack wins like we just talked about getting to the gym three three days this week you know making sure I get my three to six meals in you know this week and you start checking these boxes it's no different than when we're programming on the training side we talk about progressive overloading right and those strength markers building confidence while stacking those small wins over time also builds confidence so there's many reasons we do it and this is also why we highly encourage you guys to make sure that you either have a coach that can hold you accountable right or you've at least gotten accountability partner maybe it's a best friend maybe it's your gym partner lifting partner but you do want to have normal frequent check-ins because all of us myself included will send a fall off track over time if we're not doing you know for not keeping score right suddenly when we're keeping score our selection gets a lot smarter we're more consistent right if you're you know any kind of team sport for example we we start to make better plays as a team so make sure you're tracking your progress you're keeping score and again we want to over all redefine which strong looks like and is there anything else that you would like to leave our followers with today maybe it's from your book maybe it's you know obviously you got some big shows coming up maybe it's things that you guys are implementing you know getting back on stage but anything else you'd like to leave our followers with today um you know it's the thing that you just said Andre which resonated with me it thought was so smart just to give yourself give yourself a little out I do that so often you know I go to the gym sometimes if I really don't feel like it I will say you know what I'm not even going to put any weight on I'm just going to do body weight I'm just going to do one thing body weight see how I feel and if I'm not feeling it I'm going to go and I have never taken that out I go in I'll hit the squat rack and I'll put no weight on the squat rack and I'll just do 10 with the bar and then I'll say you know what I'll put on like a little bit more and then I'll give myself permission to go and I'll put a little bit more and then you know I felt pretty good I look pretty good in there I'm going to put a little bit more on and then it goes from there and you know it's just um the power of showing up is pretty cool and the power of like even like I'll show up and feel like I don't like the way I look in the mirror but it's there's something that happens after that second set or that third set I'll look in the mirror I'll say oh bad and it's because like get endorphins are kicking in I'm feeling and I just can't say enough good things I and and don't um I would tell women don't think it's it's it's not for you it is for you it is absolutely for you it is your um you are a beast you have always been an athlete the way you juggle rolls the way you multitask you are strong don't fear your strength build on it and and you know you can you can do it you can do it if I can do it you can do it that's right everyone on this planet has the capacity to do great things in fitness it can be that launching pad that helps you excel in other areas of your life as well so to your point take away there guys you can really you know talk yourself in or out of something so make sure that you avoid the negative self talk if you feel those thoughts flooding in make sure you redirect your aware of it and you want to redirect to positive self talk yes I can do this you know what I did this maybe I can do a little bit more right and again surround yourself with the right support circle the right people read and book follow the peep physique podcast all the things that are going to help you guys stay accountable and excelling and you know it's been a absolute pleasure I feel like we could probably talk all day we're definitely going to have to circle back because I want to know more about your journey back on stage this fall as well okay thank you so much for sharing that journey lots of perspective and strategies for our followers today where can our followers connect with you online so I'm on instagram and re-chaker and I do write a sub-stack called lift if you're on sub-stack it's lift by an re-chaker and you can find my book on amazon.com or anywhere books are sold I will say if you're just starting out chapter six or chapter seven of the book gives you a nice framework on how to start you know you don't know the first thing what to do how to approach your week things that you can have at home things that you can do in the gym how to kind of structure and then chapter seven I think it is is like how to kind of approach nutrition and protein and how to stretch your meals for yourself for your family it's not recipes it's not complicated it's just ways that I throw food together for that that are easy and simple and it's it's just it's the way I eat and it's a good way to get started for anyone I love it so for those of you listening if you'd like to dive deeper definitely be sure to check out Anne's book lift you can find out amazon you know how women can reclaim their physical power and transform their lives we can also drop a link maybe in the notes or something what's you know we post our episode live and you know thinking back just high level using these strategies you can really boost confidence you can boost self efficacy discipline consistency your performance all these different aspects of your life so you're overall well being can really be supported by implementing everything we talked about today and as always remember the real value comes from putting these ideas into action whether you're coaching athletes you're prepping for the stage you're trying to get that promotion at work or improve your relationships at home you know it's really about applying the mindset and all the methods that we talk about not on just on this episode but in general here on the peep busy podcast the guys if you feel like you've got value out of this episode you learned something new today or you were inspired we highly encourage you to like subscribe and also share with at least one friend we thank you all for tuning in as always and I look forward to seeing you guys on the next episode