Welcome everyone. My name is Kim Chavez. And during our time together for the meditation, the focus is going to be on visualization. And visualization that's our body, the or the state of ease and relax in our mind focused. So I think athletes are really familiar with visualization, right, and incorporated somewhere along the training program. And it gives us that opportunity to ensure that as much clarity and detail as we can and imagine something that has it happened yet, right. But when we imagine it, it says, if it has happened. So maybe we're picturing an imagining local for something we want to achieve or even invent, could even be a behavior that we're wanting to adapt or something in our life. And we'll picture this with as much clarity and the details we can and incorporate all of our senses. That idea is for it to be positive. We are going to use a technique as if we're watching it in a movie. So you'll see yourself whatever your goal or event is that your picture and your life is also to watch it unfold. And like I believe so if you want to get grass on a cushion or something to sit on or even grab a chair, maybe prefer a personal food to the lay down and support your underneath your knees and support your deck. So when you decide how you want to say it really down for meditation, just let yourself adjust your body and get settled. And if you take a tea, brought in open your mouth, you'll decide it out. You can feel free to close your eyes or just hold your knees down. A picture awareness inward can begin by focusing on your breath. You can feel the awareness of the heat you're in now. You can feel the awareness of the chest muscles, so you can feel the breath. So conscious, breathing here. No such a attention to what it is that you would like to focus on for the visualization today. So again, maybe a goal or something like to achieve. Maybe events or a behavior or something in your life would like to adapt to the experience of a specific, don't limit yourself. Allow it to be the focus for your mind, because much detail and clarity as you can. Okay, watching it, as if you're watching a movie, this is the goal of the event, whatever it is that you choose is already happening. When you're ready with this much, you need to tell a liar mind to notice what it does I see in this picture and the image in your life. So scan the picture, scan the image. Notice what is so much detail, what it is you see, even the smallest of details. When you're ready to incorporate include what it is that you hear. Try to notice even the slightest of sounds. You're ready to include what it is I smell. You need to think this does sounds to take note of what that means. When you're ready include what it is that you taste. When you feel ready, notice what it is that you can touch. Maybe even notice the air and your skin. And be as vividly detail as possible. When you're ready, notice that you're motion time you need to feel. Now incorporating all of the substances, the layers of the two stay focused on this image in your mind for a few moments. And watching it as if you're watching a movie, is it the law as I'm even accomplished? The event is happening and has finished happening. But here it is back to your breath. You may have gotten together to get to your breath and open your mouth, say it out. And there's also to return to the visualization and everything. Namaste.