Welcome everyone, my name is Kim Chavez and during the meditation for today the focus is going to be on a short visualization and we will use the idea of an oak tree to oak guide us through the practice. This one even be great for your kids to give a try. You can always change it out to maybe a different tree that they're all familiar with, just as something that's sturdy and strong even mountain. Just feel like there's something about being in nature that usually be in people or they sense of being a little bit more grounded, maybe a little bit more rooted, maybe hunting a sense of inner strength and stability, whether that's putting your feet in the sand or walking barefoot on the grass or dirt or even the inner hands dirty with some gardening soil. There's something about that that gives us that sense of stability and ease and spend a little bit more connected. And that's helpful right during times when maybe circumstances and stressors are going on in our lives or just a lot of different things happening at the same time. We're better able to respond or not respond to the situations to that stress that's from stance. So feel free to be seated and grab maybe something to elevate your hips a little bit or even grab a chair. If you'd rather of course even lay down to maybe support something underneath your knee as your neck. So just decide how you want to get settled and shift your weight a little bit side to side. Just make any adjustments that you might need. Conquest your eyes or soften your gaze. If you're seated, I'm going to encourage you to put a little bit of a bend into your arms, top your shoulders relax, your laying down, a layer is something to be supported by whatever your leg will palm. And let's just take a deep breath in through the nose. When you're ready, open your mouth and sigh your breath out. Let's do a two more times, breathe in. Back so when you're ready, and we'll more time. Now, although your bowl of awareness to rest on your breath, so conscious breathing gives you an opportunity to notice, do you come aware, do you observe? And you get to shift your attention, need a word. This might notice where the breath is traveling. We notice anything that feels like it's expanding. Maybe it's softening. Now I encourage your breath to be slow to even relax. Nothing force. I encourage anything in your body that's tight or tens and curves up to relax. Now I'll respond if you're seated to sit at my central. Now, let's just sit here where it is to visualize an oak tree. Maybe you can picture this oak tree and notice maybe what's around it. You notice a sky. Notice the ground. And opening your awareness to the base of the trunk of the oak tree. Notice if there's any exposed roots. And see you as the enter into the dirt, take note of that. Now when your awareness to the trunk of the oak tree, starting from the bottom, you know, I yourself too visualize and scan all the way to the very top of the tree. Notice a size of oak tree. Notice the width of the trunk. The texture of the bark. No visual layers in any branches. But you notice on the oak tree. Notice if there's different sizes. Notice any leaves on the oak tree. Now bring your awareness back to your breath. Bring your awareness now to the base of your spine. And allow that awareness to shift to your left leg. And allow foot. And allow toes. Now your right leg. Your right foot. Your right toes. And imagine a sturdy roots growing from your legs. And going down into the soil into the earth. And allow the roots to travel through the dirt, through the soil into the earth. And to travel deeply all the way down as far as you need. And if you feel like the roots have traveled far enough, and creating your body, layers look to feel stable to feel rooted. And sing here to color the basket and the back on the 너무 floor. All the veggies here. There's something full solid that feels strong. Bring your awareness down to your left arm, your left hand, your left fingers. Follow each other right arm, right hand, right fingers. Coming from the trunk of your body, allow your left and your right arm to be the branchless. Your right hand, your fingers to extend out include the leaves of the old tree. Feel the strain on the stability in your arms, softness in your fingers. There's something full confidence relaxed. Relaxed, able to work through any situation and stress to respond or to not respond. Now bring your awareness down to your breath. It'll just arise the foggering hell in your exhale. Then take a deep breath in, open your mouth, sigh it out. We'll have our time breathing, exhale when you're ready. And see you all more time breathing. And exhale. Bring your palms together. And a beautiful rest of your day, namaste.