Welcome everyone and my name is Kim Chavez and during our meditation today the focus is going to be on ground into and I'm sure somewhere along the line you've heard that phrase telling an attitude of God is you and if you're anything like me, some days that can seem easier, seven, up, so happening that sort of God into really is feeling that deeper sense of appreciation for someone or something and then it seems as though often times when life is went well and increasing along that might be easier to recognize those things, those people in your life I can't forget and then when life is challenging, when it's harder, maybe it seems harder to recognize those things and those people in your life that you're grateful for. So that's really what this practice is going to be about today is seeking out that sense of gratitude and allowing ourselves to have that active deliver practice. So, just seeing also what arises. So we're going to get started. Feel free to grab a cushion, don't blink at something to sit on. If you prefer, of course, feel free to sit on a chair and again, if you'd rather feel free to lay down. So, just to sigh out you want to get settled. And again, as we move through the meditation, don't feel like you're trying to force anything. Just to learn something's time to practice. Just to keep breath in and open your mouth, sit out. If you like you, who's right, or the food is often your gaze and just kind of feel your gaze down. Then allow your awareness down to shift to your breath. Bring your full awareness to your breath. And notice how your body reads itself. And notice the rise of all your inhale and your exhale. And again, to let gratitude arise. And fill your mind, fill your body for the gift of your breath. And that's a gratitude, starts to arise. Notice any sensations. Notice any feelings, any thoughts. Allow that sense of gratitude to fill you completely. And begin to shift your awareness down to your entire body. And while I know many of us may be, it might seem more familiar to focus on the areas that maybe causes pain or discomfort. But allow your awareness to rest on your entire body. And let gratitude arise for the abilities that your body does have. Or the inner workings of the body. Allow that sense of gratitude to fill you completely. Notice the new sensation. And straighten your feelings, any thoughts. Notice your awareness to something in your environment. And choose one thing to focus on. Let gratitude for whatever it is you chose. Let allow that gratitude to fill your mind, fill your body. Now that sense of gratitude to fill you completely. Now choose one person that you're grateful for. You need to visualize this person. Notice your awareness and gratitude to fill your mind, fill your body. Feel your completely. Notice any sensations, any thoughts, any feelings. Allow your choose. Allow your awareness to come to a challenging experience. Maybe something for the past or maybe current. And seek out that sense of gratitude. Allow that gratitude to arise, fill your mind, fill your body. Feel your completely. Notice any sensations, any feelings, any thoughts. Allow your awareness down to shift to something or someone even. Specifically that you're grateful for today. Allow that sense of gratitude to arise. And as you focus on whatever that is that you're grateful for today. And that sense of gratitude to you completely. Notice anything that arises. No, let gratitude arise for the fact that being alive in this moment. Maybe offer a sense of gratitude for all the experiences, all the people that have led you to let up to this moment. Let that sense of gratitude arise for you. Again, for all the experiences that have led you to this moment. Let that sense of gratitude arise. If you're being alive in this moment right here right now, fill your mind, fill your body, fill your completely. And fill your awareness back to your breath. And see how this thing will about your day. It's to what you notice when you move from that place of gratitude. And notice whatever I sense. And if it amounts together, let's take a deep breath in. Open your mouth, slide out from that place of peace and gratitude in me. Monters that place of peace and gratitude in the heat should everyone of you. Namaste.