All right, hello and welcome everyone. Thank you all for joining. This is the NASM Master Instructor Roundtable hosted by Hyperice. My name is Andrew Lee and I manage our key fitness accounts and education with Hyperice. Also with me on the call is my counterpart, Makila Raga, who's based in New York City. And she's our training and development manager. Along with that, we have four really great NASM Master Instructors to be our panelists today. We have first off Tony Amlar Wright, who's a Master Instructor for the National Academy of Sports Medicine and an adjunct professor. In the exercise science and sports studies department at Calu Pencilvania. Tony has more than 20 years professional experience in the fitness and performance industry as a personal trainer, and a therapy practitioner, a subject matter expert author, educator and presenter. Tony has spent the last 10 years as a consultant to facilities for elite athletes as well as sports teams and programs. And he designs and implements integrated assessment method, annual fee, of exercise athletic reconditioning and performance training. So Tony, thank you for being with us today. Next up, next up is, use of void, who's a former NBA athletic trainer. To save owns his own practice called Biomechanics and he has since 2002, use of is a Master Instructor here with NASM as well as being a clinical specialist for ballot health. You save some fun facts is an avid cyclist. He's a husband and a father to a rich have four legs and he loves automobiles and his family. Next up is going to be our friend Rick Richie. Rick has been an educator with NASM since 2006 and is the host of the NASM CPT podcast as an entrepreneur. Rick is the owner of independent training spot, which is a New York City based personal training gym. As a co-owner of Pover which is a recovery center in NYC focused on minimizing the disease on my kind of stress. He's a very active trainer, and he's a doctorate in health science. And in last and certainly certainly, as our friend Ken Miller, Ken has been a personal trainer for over 25 years. He holds a master's degree from the California University of Pennsylvania in intervention for performance enhancement. He has been a regional master instructor for NASM for the last 15 plus. Additionally, he's the owner of any of the informants in California and he's the former strength and conditioning coach for you. So, Ken, Rick, you sit in Tony. Thank you all for joining us today. We are really excited to hop on this roundtable. The goal of the roundtable today is to give our viewers a little bit more insight into how the COVID crisis is affecting our day-to-day lives as instructors, as trainers, as fitness professionals. And to dive a little bit deeper into the future of the recovery industry and provide our viewers a little bit more color and to how fitness is going to look moving forward. So, to jump right into it. Let's start with Rick. How are you staying active while at home and how is your day-to-day change since the COVID crisis is set? Well, thanks for asking and I appreciate hyperizing and I can say right now in the end on this. I'm going to say that it's really been fun doing some family workouts. So, we usually set up circuits with me and my three kids, and I'm going to go to Ann for your people and we set up a six-day-shin circuit. And we do 30 seconds of peace and we run through the circuit six times and I give them option after a few runs that we can make alterations and they can change certain exercises. So, they can do squats instead of a dumpster or, you know, but they can do pushups, the mountainers, and they love it. And I have to be honest. I've never really worked out with my kids before. So, aside from maybe going out for a run and being able to tell them to try one of the kids to go and with me, this has been a pretty cool experience to be honest. That's very great. Thank you. Can let's go over to you. How is your day-to-day change since the COVID crisis and how are you staying active while working home? Well, yeah. Just like what Rick brought up, the day-to-day has changed and the fact that, you know, for one I'm home schooling. You know, a third grader and a first grader. So, that's a lot of sitting, reading books, making sure that, you know, we're all behind the screen, especially me a little bit more than what I'm used to. So, to counter that, all that sitting down and just the home schooling stuff, you know, we try to keep it as normal as possible, because right now we would have been, you know, my son would have been playing baseball and my daughter likes to swim. So, from that perspective, you know, trying to get them outside as much as possible. So, you know, we're lucky enough to have a park, a block and a half away from the house, so getting them outside to, you know, not as elaborate as what Rick has done. But, you know, where we are running, we're throwing the baseball, we're, you know, just silly drills, you know, bear crawls, things like that, just to get him dirty a little bit and then, you know, and with all that, it's just, you know, enjoying the quality time, but the balancing of trying to be teacher, father, you know, trying to work around my business being closed. It's just, you know, we're a lot of hats every day, but, you know, trying to say active has been quite a challenge just from the standpoint that, not just me trying to get out and get my run. It's also trying to get my kids to be as active as they would have been if the whole shelter in place wasn't in play. Absolutely. I think that's a big thing that a lot of people have been experiencing is even though they have a lot of time on their hands and, and their at home is, they're, they're finding some trouble with motivation and trying to stay active, especially with limited space and limited equipment. Building off that use if I'd like to ask you, are you still working with clients and doing virtual training sessions from home? If I get a phone call, I got a couple of people that I have a phone, most of my day to day as it seems that much outside of travel. I've been working from home for the last probably almost two years. So, the biggest part of the transition that's been difficult for me is like, can the homeschool in peace? So, I have eight year old and four year old and eight year old, but I mean, being completely honest, it was not common core when I was coming through schools. I'm having to relearn math myself and trying to contain that frustration and sell some things that we do as a family. I was like, screw it, nobody wants to get out and do anything. So, I went across the Americans. And so, we'll get out of the yard, we'll have Nerfman more, so it'll mean to two boys in the life. We definitely get out on the bikes just about every day. I love the ride. My four year old loves the ride, my eight year old loves the ride. And we have about four or five miles where the trail, the run our house. So, we'll get out, we'll ride, we'll take the dogs, we'll throw the balls. If it's raining, then I'll get up upstairs in the room and jump on my trainer on my bike or the treadmill, trying to get a workout in there. The biggest thing that has been in advantage is having the hyper-high people plus around just for every 20 minutes. When my net gets stiff, because my posture is bad, from just not sitting at the computer like I should be, we all get lazy. When we're sitting and we forget to take a deep breath, stand up, move around, get your blood flowing. And so, having to remodel myself, a little things that I've been preaching to people for years and seeing it come back full circle to myself, has been a challenge. But having the tools, the vibration tools, especially around, have helped to alleviate that to where I'm still subject to. That's awesome. You said, if you've heard it here for a surf gun wars, it's best workout you can hit. And then Tony, let's send it over to you. What are you doing to stay active from home and what are some strategies that you're using to help with motivation and engagement, whether it just be for yourself or for clients or individuals that you work with? Yeah, you know, somewhere to the other guys on the call, I've got a four year old, so I've got a little one and probably the biggest transition for me and Wendy was having to home school him. So we got used to both both my wife and I work from home primarily. And so that hasn't changed much. It's just being able to manage that while trying to fit in some structured activities for Braden. We got used to him being on for six hours a day, you know, in the mornings and that's how we would plan our work, our work schedules around. But, you know, so in terms of staying active, you know, the one nice thing is that I think because we've had to be more diligent about scheduling and maybe structuring things a little bit more than we had in the past. We've been able to do more together. So just making, making sure that we're going out, walking the dogs, maybe a little more frequently than we did as a family. You know, Braden was involved in a lot of activities, swimming, soccer, gymnastics, those, those that all been canceled. So making sure to get him out to, you know, the park in our neighborhood and allowing him to to explore and be active has been great for me and Wendy as well because it gets us out and doing doing things. We're fortunate. We've got a nice little homage and set up downstairs, so we're still able to do some exercises and we've got to treadmill if the weather's not bad or if the weather's not great. So we can, and spend by so we can do some cardio work, we can do strength training and then as use of mentioned, you know, we've got a full suite of hyper ice products to help us stay feeling good. You know, work in behind the computer does take its toll and you know, we probably have spent a little bit more time focused time behind the computer and our bodies certainly need to need a little love because of that and you know, I think to the clients that we work with, they've kind of experienced that excuse me. Where they're, they're stressed, they've had a change in their day to day routines and that takes a toll on them too. So, you know, with the clients that we've still interacted with and kept in touch with a lot of it is encouraging them and providing them with solutions to do things that they may not have been as diligent with before, you know, in terms of self care. When they can't get into the gym to do the types of activities that they that they might have enjoyed. Now at home because they, they do have vipers, they do have spheres, many of them have volts or vennoms. I mean, you name it. They're able to focus on those elements of their, of their wellness and that's, that's paid dividends. So we've gotten a number of messages from clients just saying, my volt hasn't gotten as much use ever and it's been great. So as they're doing other forms of activity, whether it's running, biking, walking, you know, that's creating different stresses on their body that they might not have been used to and they're able to mitigate some of that with with the solutions using hyper ice products. So for for us it's been pretty neat and, you know, virtual training with limitations and equipment. Again, it allows us to focus on stuff that are many of our clients probably need more of when it comes to, you know, stabilization, core work, maybe focusing more on, you know, for lack of a better term, corrective type exercises and then the big thing is focusing on recovery and just being able to manage total stress in their life. So, you know, for us it's been kind of fun. Been a little bit different challenge in terms of, what we have to do as professionals, but it's been a welcome welcome change in, in many ways. Absolutely, that's great. I think right now I'd like to actually pass it over to Makayla Ruggis who has a few questions to lead the roundtable about some more at home on demand type fitness. So Makayla, let's pass it to you. Some of these times clearly I have the nests and on demand options of exploded. I mean, some companies like hydro. And I think there's been a recent Peloton class where they had 20,000 users tuned in live into one class. So Rick and Ken as business owners, how do you see this whole situation changing the landscape for deep fitness as well as commercial clothes. Yeah, I'll go. I mean, it's it's very interesting to say the least because I mean right now with my doors shut down. I've had clients that made the investment in all those things that you mentioned. So Peloton being the number one thing that I'm hearing about. When it comes to boutique fitness facilities like mine, which is brick and mortar, it's going to mean more of a hybrid type of service to where, you know, they may not come in here two times a week or three times a week, where it may be that they're going to still keep with their Peloton because. It's an investment right and they want to keep spending their time on that investment. So it might mean one or two less days in here, but what they might do in here with us in this facility might change. And Rick and you know, definitely speak on the recovery aspect because is, you know, part of his business is built on that, but I've already started talking to clients about coming in for training, they'll still do what they do at home or what they'll do virtually. But they'll come in for a different type of service, which is getting on our on our normatech leg sleeves from all the work that their legs are doing or they might come in for a vault only session where they'll, you know, I'll get an opportunity to work with them using the vault hands on. But then they'll also be, you know, some mobility work at the end. So instead of just the physical, you know, resistance training programming that they might have done two, three months ago. They'll, they'll have that augmented with the home, maybe a session of that here, but what they'll also compliment what will also compliment what they're what they need to do to stay mobile and to deload all that stress that they put on their body or that they've been doing from the relatives. And then the standpoint because of their in that cycling motion is more of a recovery and regenerative type session with me. So services might still be there, but it'll be tweaked up in a different way as far as how I interact with them. Right. Yeah, I think it was something interesting that we have seen with this kind of explosion of the that on fitness is that it seems that the majority of those people still have a membership at a fitness facility. So we're really finding a new market with that as much as we're finding a market that already exists and we're just bringing them into another place spreading the same into the cloud. So what I think we're going to end up in a more people doing both, they're still have their their fitness that they do at their gym. But now they've seen the light when it says that we can do some stuff at home and it's not like just getting a treadmill like we used to do and hang our clothes on it. What we're looking at now is an actual person engaging you and giving you a shout out calling your name on the other end, you're part of a community you're being seen, you're being heard, you're being present. So that's part of it. But when it comes to recovery, it's a it's a little bit different. So for facilities like mine, we sell recovery services and in some of these instances it's just not as practical to do those things at home, whether they're cost prohibitive or their space prohibitive and so that's why we don't offer like hyper is not a service that we do at our facility. It is something that we sell at our facility because we look at them and we say you're coming here to receive a service but when you leave here, what can you do on your own. And that's why we have the whole suite of hyperized products is you're going to come to us for some advanced modalities and some of those include hyperized products like Norma Tech. But when you leave and you go home, what do you have at home to do and and that's where hyperized really fills in a lot of gaps because when when you look at some of the expenses of these things that are recovery tools, whether that's an infrared sauna or a new calm or a C-back system. They're all very expensive and they take up and we'll take up space but the hyperized it's easier on the pocket and it's easy to travel with. You can put things under your bed, put in a drawer, hide in a closet and it does that easily. And so now you can take your recovery services home to and those services are your daily right they're part of a daily practice you know what you put together and even use it was talking about not just daily but multiple times in a day. He's using his hypervolt on the neck so we've seen a lot of movement with the hypervolt and some with the many spheres are the two things we send to move the most and it's I think it's because they're easily portable and they do a lot of things. That's great. And we have some trainers in the network and they love the hyperized products and now going into this digital space. They would love to hear from you guys what are some best practices of how to integrate it into either a virtual training session or class experience how we're able to build up engagement from your greatest leveraging the technology. Knowing that this is not a person to person contact or experience is now digital. I don't can have some yet some practices that you're doing with your member base. Right so like Rick you know you know when it comes to from a retail standpoint I've I've gotten clients involved with the vaults, vault plus the sphere meaning sphere. The different again sweet of products that are available through high so what I did when I shut down. Was you know everybody's doing these zoom calls to you know to get clients to work out and things like that however you know the niche I was trying to fill is. How do I get somebody to recover better because you can only run so much you can only cycle so much and all that repetitive motions going to start to wear and tear and you know in the last couple weeks I started to hear that but one of the things that I've done is actually. Take my clientele that I you know with my list of people of what they bought those that have invested in the hyper vault. Having these virtual sessions where these I've had the zoom call to wear okay here's it here's the form here's the technique. If you're behind the computer these are some of the things that we can do we can emphasize the front of the shoulder. We can get the biceps we can get the forearms in there. I'm just walking them through so they've got their vault I've got my vault and I'm just showing them form a technique and just like any other personal training session I'm watching my screen and I'm seeing okay hey. Betty you're going way too fast to slow it down. Now let's try this technique just hold the vault you know find the tender spot and just hold it there and let's just do some mobility let's get the. Let's get the tissues to move under the vault right now let's move to this other area so. That's just one way I've been able to expand my service is so getting away from the traditional okay let's do 15 bridges let's do a single leg balance. Now my focus has been when I've held these these workouts is it's more okay end of the day let's sit down everybody's getting crushed from that computer posture so how do we unload how do we get ready. To relax and recover and start to kind of ease down from the from the days worth of stress right so part of doing that is getting the muscle to relax lowering that that level of tension getting them to focus on themselves. about their breathing thinking about the respirations and you know when they're done they're going to wow this is this feels I don't feel like I've sat behind the computer for the last nine 10 hours so expand yeah so expanding services like that or just finding a different niche for recovery and mobility. Has been what I've tried to capitalize off in this time of shelter in place. And do that point are you finding. It's there's a specific time that work that is better or more beneficial for your clients pre workout post workout in between workouts to start the day or. Yeah I've been mainly focusing on the PM so seven o'clock my time so just from a survey I've done with some of my clients after dinner after they got the kids settled in. Then it's time where you know they can focus on themselves so. So he dinner spent some time with the family get them ready for bed and then they can you know it's quiet so they can actually have. Time to themselves or something's not tapping them on the shoulders and say hey mommy can I get this or that right. So mornings still I've done some one on ones from that standpoint and then a lunch time session for about a half hour so people you know because of. I've got schedules they've got meetings they've got a hop on so that's been if anything it's a shorter timeframe if it's a midday but the longer 45 or so minute sessions have been more in the PM time but. I did a I did a presentation for one of my business partners out in Texas and that was five o'clock my time seven o'clock his time so depending on who the focus audiences in which time zone. And I've I've created time zones you know specific training for an evening recovery session. Can I think that's that's awesome that's really good insight that a lot of our viewers can can really take the hard and start to implement. I'd like to pass it over right now to to use it in Tony just for a couple questions even stepping back a little bit so Tony and use it. Why is recovery so important for at home fitness and just overall well being we know over the last five to ten years it's becoming increasingly more popular in the fitness industry. More specifically for at home fitness and while we're all locked up in quarantine why is recovery so important. I'm going to go first Tony yeah you should go ahead jump in there buddy. I think that in regards to recovery and at home fitness the importance of it lies around self care. During the stressful times we're all looking for different ways to occupy ourselves outside of work especially if we're in a profession that doesn't allow us to really work from home and we're just around tool to not don't. You sort of come to fall back on at least some conversations that I've had with various people they fall back on the beginning of the year new years resolution I'm going all in and I'm going to give my new body together so and so forth. And so what one has to realize is that that's fun and dandy but if you don't take care of yourself you won't be able to get your body you won't be able to get that new body that you seek so. The recovery aspect is just it's just as important it's going to allow you to be able to sleep better you're going to move better so if you're sleeping better you're well rested and you're moving better you're obviously going to fill a lot better. And then your energy levels are going to be up for when you are ready to do whatever those workouts may be like can mention there's only so much cycle and there's all this so much treadmill you can do. And we have a tell the time here she rise that she's not writing that she's letting if I'm not on my bike I'm not running or doing something else and so the nerve gun thing was something that I chose that we could do as a family that was not repetitive. Cycling running those are repetitive sports repetitive sports lead to injury because you're doing the same thing over and over and over again and so the only way to combat that. Is to want to ensure that you're moving well you want to be moving as efficiently as you can and the way that you're going to ensure that you're moving as efficiently as you can is by going through some recovery measurements and that is either using you know a hydropower. The hydrospeer the mini spear whether using foam rollers or using venom whether you're being coached by someone like can or a tiny or myself a few people that with a few people that I'm working with. We typically start out how are you feeling today anything body bothering you how did you sleep last night you know and those open in the questions typically lead to a man my next a little bit stiff today. What did you do yesterday outside of being on a computer I didn't really do that much yesterday. Oh I forgot I was out in the yard doing some your work you know I did a lot of raking cleaning up leaves and in the mulch beds and things that I did. Oh okay all right why don't you grab your your hypersphere or your hypervole and let's tackle your picks let's tackle your last let's do some of the things to get you feeling better so that you know. When he minutes into this we can have an actual productive workout as opposed to having a call and audible each exercise because either I don't like your movement or if you have aches and pain so recovery comes into play I think in all aspects of it and to ensure that you get the best bang for your book from whatever you're doing from a fitness perspective and it doesn't have to be anything structure it could be. Something as simple as doing your activity I mean one thing that I've been doing outside of working out and riding my bike is taking care of small projects that I've been procrastinating over the last two years right so I've been on a cleanup mission clear up your cleanup the house you know trim the hedges trim the trees cut the grass all of these things are physical activity and will lead. And we'll lead to the same benefits that you're achieving with your work out but even after that I found myself running into the house looking for. My advice to alleviate you know because my hipster type because I've been bent over in the yard all day and so when I don't do those things I feel it when I wake up the next morning so recovery is important. That's great thanks. Thanks, you said that was that was a great answer. I think it's really important for people to think about. Exercise at home not just being on their treadmills or you know using the TRX that they have hanging from their door but like you said it could be. Having nerve gun fights in the yard or doing yard work or really anything and it's it's cool for us to see how recovery is playing a part in that. Whether it be you know regimented fitness and exercise or just activities of daily life. Tony I'd like to ask you. Where do you see the recovery space going in the future we mentioned it's increasing popularity but say. Two three four years from now where do you see the recovery space inside of the larger fitness industry. I'll do my best to answer this think Rick and Ken can offer some some great insights here too but. You know I think you know Ken mentioned it in terms of what he provides virtually Rick mentioned it in terms of you know the services that he offers at his facility. I think you know there's there's certain modalities there's certain types of recovery programming that still need. He's only guidance and execution from a practitioner so when you look at. I mean you look at passive modalities like a norm attack when you can have somebody we have clients come into our facility they know how to set themselves up in the boots you don't really need somebody there with you to set those up and now with you know. The smart. Products you can create your own programming whatever things kind of done for you so you know in that sense there's still going to be obviously a place for those passive modalities but one is. Hands on hands on application whether it's you know with percussive tools vibration stretching and then understanding specifically what to target so while it certainly feels good to. To vote your whole body that may not be what you need in order to improve how your body moves and performs and so by still having a practitioner perform an assessment. Whether it's subjective hey what how are you feeling are you sore. How sore are you and then looking at how you move being able to identify areas that might be limited. And then that can guide the appropriate strategy so that you're actually progressing and improving in the areas that you need it. It's easy to vote everybody loves to vote and biper and the venom because they all feel good but if you have to continually do the same things on the same areas. And then you might need to adjust your your strategy a little bit to ensure that you're actually doing the right stuff. You know I think we're learning more and more about the effect of different recovery tools and modalities on the body as a whole and so when you look at things like. Red light therapy you look at other forms of of recovery I think and then the synergistic effects of all of these things I think that's going to be a big thing as well as. How do you pick the appropriate type of recovery strategy based on the person that you're interacting with at that moment in time so. And so the more more research comes out you might find that you know a normatec session maybe more appropriate than percussive therapy on a given day or. You know maybe. And so the more you're going to be more appropriate based on how your current how your client presents to that day whatever it is I think the evolution is just going to be more targeted more specific as it relates to the program which is then going to. And enhance the outcomes that your clients and the benefits your clients receive from it so. You know I think if we can get smarter with assessment as. As technology evolves and you can improve monitoring and look at various aspects of recovery whether that's HRV, sarness, mood state all these things if. If you get smart about how you interpret that data then I think that should influence the types of recovery that you do and that'll just accelerate and enhance the outcomes that you get. So I don't know if that if that answer the question completely but you know again I mean I think with. With percussive therapy tools can get quieter they can you know they can get faster but ultimately have to do you have to you have to do the therapy and the technique in the right areas. With the right complementary activities to be able to elicit the the best outcomes and effects so the tools are one element but to have the the programming and the solutions associated with that is is going to be critical. Certainly I think education for for us on the hyper ice front education is a huge initiative and it really all starts with the trainers and the fitness staff at our partner locations. Really has gone a long way and being able to show their clients kind of the the importance of recovery but also the importance of developing value for themselves as trainers. You know something outside of just yeah we can put you through a tough workout two or three days a week but what are we doing in between those workouts and how are we helping you feel better after sitting at your desk and your office for eight hours a day. And so there's so many different factors that that go into it I'd like to turn it over to Rick and Ken for a couple questions from a more of an owner operator small business standpoint. Really some some things that we'd like to dig into here are how do you built sales of the hyper ice products and retail sales by incorporating them into training programs with clients and then also just even more broad. How can trainers as well as the creators to monetize the recovery industry. I'll take the first hit at this as far as the you know the state of affairs here I mean the my facilities been closed for seven weeks now so. I've had to get creative as far as how I build up my revenue because I'm still accountable for my rent so I've had a diversify how I'm gaining income. So, I mean for one it's just been a matter of building up my business again so from a training aspect and for you know as far as you know we're concerned I mean we basically took off the traveling so us teaching workshops on the weekends. That's a that's an income source that's disappeared as well as far as I'm concerned so. One going virtually training online so both small group one on one and then those those recovery regenerative sessions that I've that have had to start building up as well so I've had to build up a clientele. Where before all this that really didn't exist but to a small level because I was doing so many other things managing the facility traveling teaching educating things like that. But as far as building things in like I mentioned just going down the list of my clientele and. Getting them involved with the other product so maybe I have somebody who invested in a hypersphere. A year ago. Getting you know the vault or the mini in their hands trying a different. And so I think that you know from conversations what I know about them can benefit them because if if anybody ever mentioned to me they had tightness and their shoulder because. They've been throwing a lot and all they've been doing is throwing you know. Other than I might be something that I got them involved with or if clients wife started feeling low back pain because she's sitting down a lot more. Then I'd say hey maybe you need to try the low back. You know so just trying to you know make them aware of the options that they have from a hyper ice product standpoint because and that's in this one reason why I mean one of many reasons why I have loyalty to the hyper ice product line because it's not just one thing. It's an array of things that solve the common issue of tension and blood flow right we get a muscle to relax we can enhance movement of the fluid through the body and now that normatex involved. And that's been one aspect to help propagate you know lymph and blood flow as well so just figure out what they need just like any good personal trainer. Does this they flesh out what does this client need for me right now since I can't be with you physically. What is it that you can have in your possession that can elicit the same if not. What's the same response as if you were with me now where I can guide you through these things so getting people involved with other products within the line to help them you know. Feel as good as if they were with me in this facility so that's that's been part of it so I mean think goodness I've had some products to you know on hand when everything hit. To get out and mail out to my clients I mean I've had you know old clients that live in Colorado that hey try this out. If you don't like it send it back but they goodness they kept it but they couldn't help but keep it because of how and that was a low backmen of how that made them feel especially at the end of the day I mean they could be behind the computer plugging away. They put that thing on it's warm it's relaxing and you know they don't feel the tension they that they usually felt after they started incorporating that product so as far as you know trying to sit that. Car with me but also helping me keep you know keep this place you know while I'm shut down you know I've had a kind of meander through other avenues of gaining revenue just so I have doors to open once once all this you know blows over so I hope I answer your question. Absolutely yeah thank you that was that was great. Passing it over than to Rick how can owners and operators that are out there tuning in with us today how can they start to monetize recovery whether it be. Service based revenue or just answering revenue through retail I know you alluded to it earlier with retail sales of the hyper ice technology through recover as well as service based revenue through the normative boots but can you dive a bit deeper into that for us. Yeah I think one of the big things that we're going to see in the future is. We're going to see a study increase in the places like recovery recovery centers popping up but with that said fitness is going to be filled with recovery so we get it all the time already people reaching out to us. They want to know how can we get you or how can we get something like you in our space because they understand to parts what's going on here one is there's a shift in the industry and two is they can make money off of it so as a fitness business owner this is an opportunity to say. Hey I can I can help beat you up and I can play the role of all the kings horses and all the kings men and we can help put you back together again and then we jump again so it's this beautiful really symbiotic relationship between. between use stress right the stress that's good for us and then facilitating the recovery quickly from that stress to repeat the cycle and so business owners are getting it and they want in on it they're going to start adding in services they're going to take closets and they're going to remove the junk out of them and they're going to put chairs in there and they're going to put. The norm attack and they're going to they're going to put all different types of modalities and they're in stark providing services now most in or many places do have pro shops where. You know they're going to sell there's a blow of or like wheat boats or you know what water bottles and things like that and that service is also really a great place for. For honestly hyperized products and there are a lot of products out there but like hyperize again has such a great sweet and they've got such a great relationship with. Not just NASM but you know we've we've driven as the instructor team that love in that relationship for for this partnership as well because we stand behind. The work that that hyperized does and so to to be able to sell those products. It's great but you know think about it in the same way that if you have a smoothie bar and there are big pushes where we're going to add nutrition and we're going to add supplements but. You shouldn't look over the concept and the idea of recovery added in just the way supplements and just the way smoothie bars and all these other things are it is both a service that you as the the business owner can purchase and provide service. And it is a retail opportunity where you can actually wholesale these products to people who you know needed and you always have that person that person those people that come in. And then doing this move after a one set of bench press and you know that's that's not a dynamic warm up that's a shoulder a gym so what are you going to do you're going to provide them something that they can take with them and go well, it's it's recovery on the go but it's business that you can retail it. And then you can go out so they can keep coming back to your business at the gym and you can keep servicing them. Absolutely I think that is a huge part of it and also tying into what Tony was talking about earlier with not only having those services available on the products available for use and for purchase. And so I'm going to show you how to be able to show you how to use them safely and effectively every time so that's been a big push for us and. And Ricky mentioned it just a minute ago to with from the hyper standpoint our incredible partnership with NASM and being able to provide education to all NASM. And so that's what we're doing to make sure that the research has has been really cool and really helping those NASM. FIP pros to become more accustomed to recovery as part of the industry but being able to provide that education that they need to take it back to their facilities and start implementing it from day one. And I think that's one thing that Makala wanted to mention to about one of the things that. That we're doing today as part of this webinar was the CEU so Makala did you want to jump into that. Yeah, so we have to online education courses available as some are and by creation actually with Tony and the right is on the call here. And as a hypervolt movement enhancement course. These are approved for use with NASM so regular be showing a link to those two education courses and there's a promo code that you guys can as your dial in so you have free access to those. And in addition if you are at a facility that's looking to do some education virtually with your trainers or instructors. We can also set up a live webinar going through education as well too. Yep. Great. So Greg our wonderful producer Greg Espizito is here he's posting he's posting that education for you all of a seal on with free access codes. We all son and now last 12 minute turn it or two viewer questions so if anyone that's tuning in with us today does have questions please enter those into the chat book chat on the Facebook live and Greg will be able to relay those questions to our panelists. Greg have we had any questions come in yet. I have a question from a trainer friend of mine in she's in salt and you talk and she's going to be pretty pretty pretty soon she'll be able to transition back into live training. And also high price products mainly she's using the high revolt. She'd like to get some sort of info on best practices of how you're introducing ice brace any other product to a client that has never done for customers this. I've never had really done SMR themselves and if you have recommendations on whether it's introducing it within a session or maybe offering a separate session to learn about the product and how to apply it. I'll take the for this one. The best thing any trainer can do when it comes to introducing a tool or an implement is to integrate it into their training session so as with any good personal trainer you need an assessment right we need to know how you're moving how well you're moving. And then once we look at qualitatively what we can do to help you move better then we can introduce that tool or the product is case maybe we do an overhead squat. And if I notice certain compensations like your feet are turning out or your knees are coming in I can introduce let's say the hypervult you based on what your body needs at that point in time. So then it might be the outer cast the inner thigh lower outer hamstring in that case so they've done their overhead squat I can implement these relaxation tools like the hypervult or the or the hypersphere and then complement it with the stretch. And then some kind of activation and then get you to move after that so it's not just about introducing the product you're introducing enhanced movement and the product just happens to be a part of that process so it's not just okay. You're moving like this we can move a lot better do the product deal boom boom boom but that's only one part of the the bigger picture as far as enhancing movement is concerned so. Integrated into your training session by way of figuring out what deliver it and then see how they feel and let their feelings tell them they can do next. Transinvesting in the product or the and orbiss nervous to jump in on that as well because I think it's really important that when people. personal trainer start putting together programs. You're starting off with the assessment like Ken says and then you start answering questions to the assessment. So what's going on, what needs to be addressed and then how do you address them? And for those that follow the NASM protocol, phone rolling is really the first thing on that list. And so what I made do is I may start them off with the fiber of foam roller. But, main, not necessarily start with the vibration yet. So this is something new to them. They're going to start foam rolling. I start them off with that device. Eventually everybody's going to start going, hey, what is this switch? What are these buttons? What are these lights? And I'll go and push it. Right, my gun, focus. And then they go, oh, oh, right. And they start to laugh and we have a good time talking about the roller. And then usually they find it on their own. Right, so can I do it with the vibration? And I say absolutely. And sometimes even the vibration helps to mitigate some of the super sensitive spots. Right, so you start rolling tender and it hurts a little bit. The vibration has what's called an analgesic effect. So it turns down your pain receptors. How you receive pain information. And so it can actually be really beneficial to people who find this high-per sensitivity to foam rolling. I usually start off without the vibration just to get used to the device. Make sure that it doesn't hurt. There's nothing that drives people away like pain. So we want them to try to get comfortable with it. And just like exercise, when you're ready to push yourself hard, then you can do that. You can start adding to it. But until that happens, it's easy pump the brakes and make sure that they feel comfortable doing what they're doing these products. That's great. Thank you. We do have a question in the chat from Josh. He wants to know, what have you guys learned through this experience during the pandemic that you'll be bringing back into your in-person training as well? Good question. I think we might see a big resurgence in somebody weight training at the gym. I've had a lot of body weight training exercises that I got to be honest. I'm very excited to get my hands on some weights. But I think trainers will be able to start implementing a lot more body weight exercises just for us. It's top of mind that's what we've been doing. It's what we've been working and playing and training with. So that that would be a peaked and it's interesting to go back into the gym I'd probably say. Do we, Greg, do we have any other questions from viewers today? Yeah, one more from Tiffany in the chat. She's an understanding which one of the hyperase products is your favorite three to the chair of the club. Very question. All right. Who's up? I'll go. Go go, you, sir. I love the, the high-pre spirit meeting, the meeting spirit. That has, but far become my favorite tool. I can put it just about anywhere. It's the perfect size. It's not as small as the crossball as not as large as the softball. I can use it up or extremely. I can use it lower, extremely. I can use it low, though. It'll be a cute complex. I can use it with a vibration or without a vibration. I can put it in a palm on my hand and I can massage things. It is, but far in my opinion, the most versatile tool because it's perfectly sized to do a whole lot with. I think I'm probably up in the air between the, the mini and the vault. I just think that the hyper vault was such a game changer, but I also remember when there was the Viper and then the spear came out and everybody was like, whoa, the spear, like, well, where all this change didn't end the mini came out and we were like, whoa, it's changed again. So to actually have something that you put your body on, I'm with you. I think the mini solves a lot of problems. The hyper vault is such a wonderful tool. It is such a great experience. And it looks cool. So people like it. They want to try it. Everybody that sees it's like, hey, can I get in on that? Can you give me a little this or, you know, so the hyper is good, visual to sell product. And the mini is great introduction to get into it. It's at a low ice point, so people can use it. And this is the most important. It fits really well in a backpack. So like I can take it anywhere. It can go on a plane with me. I'm going to have a lot of hyper vault on an airplane. I think I might get in trouble with some. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll say, I mean, even during this call when I was in talking, I was, I was using this. And I forgot to mute thing is it's quiet enough that the mic didn't pick it up and it didn't show my face. You know, over somebody else says as they were speak. So from that standpoint, I like the vault and the, you know, and I'll say that plus for me as, you know, jumped over the vault just because of the added percussion that that's come with it. But for the most part, it is a toss up between the mini as well as the vault. So unlike you Rick, I will get on a plane and travel with my vault. But I work under the philosophy that the vault is for the areas that I can reach. And the mini is for the areas that I cannot. So, you know, lower part of the shoulder blade. If I want to get deeper into the, into the hip, deeper into the, you know, the ad doctors. I'll, I'll use it. But the vault, you know, for everything else that I can access. That's the one that I would go get into. You know, I can occur with my fellow panelists. I think from a versatility perspective, the hyper sphere many is the way to go. And just because it feels so awesome, the hyper vault. Like can hyper vault plus is is my favorite to use personally. And then clients of, of got a lot of clients and feedback from them on the venom products, the venom back in particular. They're really partial to that. And. And that's worked out really well for them. That's great. Well, thank you guys all for joining us on today's panel. This was really exciting for us and we're happy to be able to to share some of your expertise with our viewership today. If anyone that's tuning in with us today has any questions or wants more information about any of the hyper ice brand or products, please check us out at hyper ice dot com. Or if you'd like to check out our social media pages, it's at hyper ice across all platforms of social media and we hope to hear from you, but guys have an else. Now is the time as everyone for joining. I just want to say that I can still have my original hyper. My original formula, the Viper from the. What was it it was it was the the fundraiser. Check. It was the. 2014 Kickstarter that that that went from the kickstarter campaign. Like I had it from everyone else because when I turn it on the whole house shakes, but I'm just like instantaneous relief. So everything right I love that I'll never give it up. That's awesome. Thank. All right. Thank you so much everyone for joins. We really appreciate them out today and tuning in. Like I said, any questions, please reach us. Yeah, that's right. Website or social media platforms. We look forward to shooting soon. Thanks.