Hello and welcome to the NSM CPT podcast and our NSM Facebook live webcast. I want to say thank you so much for being a part of it as always. Our gratitude or cup run-of-thover, so thank you for everything that you do and the support that you provide. Today, it's interesting. There are a lot of places that are opening back up right now. We've been closed down for a long time. I'm in New York City and that's been squash. It's been pushed back quite a bit longer, but for a lot of other people, you're able to open your facilities. You're able to go back to work. This particular guest that I have with us today, it just serendipitously happened that it was scheduled for today, which is perfect because so many of you will be able to benefit from the conversation. And her name is Rachel Cosgrove and if you are not familiar with the Cosgroves and you are a business owner, then please take advantage of this opportunity to familiarize with the work that they do and the business they have results university. So I want to shout out and say thank you to Rachel. Thank you so much for being with us today. Thank you so much for having me. I'm excited to be here. Awesome. You had given a little bit of introduction for people who do and don't know you about yourself and what you do. And that way, they have a better idea of the direction of this conversation as we start to move forward. Sure. Absolutely. We actually on Friday just celebrated our 20 year anniversary of opening the doors of results fitness. So my husband and I, Alan Cosgrove, opened results fitness. I can't believe it's been 20 years now. We kind of had a different picture of how we were going to celebrate. But we had our 20th on Friday. So over those years we started, we were personal trainers who had a passion for helping people and really it was about loving what we did. And we had no idea how to run a business. And so as we opened our gym, we quickly realized we needed to learn fast how to run a business. We did everything, our bookshelf quickly went from all training and nutrition. And all of the certifications we had taken, including with NASM, to starting to learn more about business and starting to learn about marketing and about building a team and about putting systems in place. And so over the last 20 years, that first, you know, five, 10 years we started to put all those systems in place, started to learn how to run a business and create the business that we have now. And so now we have a team of 15 people working for us. We about 12 years ago started our second company, which is results fitness university, which you mentioned. And really we started to have trainers come out and say, hey can we follow you around and see what you do? And you know, could you mentor me on my business? And so that's really where that business came about. It was really a solution to, you know, a demand. And so we started to invite trainers to come out and hang out with us and see how we run our business and teach them the model. And it turned into our mastermind coaching program, which we have Jim owners from all over the world who we coach and consult with and help to mentor. And so it's yeah, it's a lot of fun working with other business owners who are all over the world. So now at this point, our gym runs itself. So we get to just, you know, go in and when it's open and go in and work out and you know, high five our team and it's really a lot of fun. And we get we full time help other business owners just create that same business that gives them the freedom to do the things that they want to do. So thank you. And I think you brought up a couple of things that we've spoken to before with NASM and one is the creation of systems. And that was what initially had drawn me to NASM was that there's a system to follow. It's not just a bunch of information. And then you got to figure out what to do with it, but it's systems. And with any good business when you set up a system everybody can can take that system and implement it into their business. And, you know, they can color within the lines. Whatever they want to color it can still be their business and their gym and their training style and their information. But within guidelines it certainly helps people with direction and it also helps people to do what you just said, which is create a system. And then it can kind of run itself the way that you guys have set up. The second thing I want to mention with that is the mentorship. And I was invited to be a speaker on a webcast just recently. And I was invited to be a lady talk and the murder lady was talking to me about what is this next step that people can do. And I said a lot of people love to look up to the educators, which, you know, they might be at those sessions and the conferences and things like that. And they're seeing on a platform and they're heard and people say I want to do that. And I told them on the call. I said, if you can be a mentor. Don't worry about trying to educate and teach people on this, like you can do so much as a mentor and people if you've never had a mentor that works directly with you. Then I would love to direct them over to you guys at results fitness university and an experience what a real mentorship is like. And then pay that forward as they continue with their fitness journey. When we all tend to say what's next. I think what you guys do is rate what's next for people. Well, thank you. Yeah, absolutely. We love working with other fitness business owners. And like you said, it's definitely helping them to find that next step on their path. You know, I think like you said, people think there are certain expectations that maybe that's not the right path for you. And even opening a business isn't the right path for everybody. And you know, really making sure that we figure out what is the right path for each each person and each each business to each business is different. Well, let's speak it up. Let's put this up for all kinds of we've got some serious things to talk about right now and there are a lot of people nervous about the future and what the future looks like and I'll say for me, I've got four facilities in New York and we signed a lease on a fifth facility about a week and a half prior to the shutdown. So, and and our landlords are still requiring payment. So there's a lot of fear and I am not the only business owner in this boat, which is why I'm not as scared as probably I would be because it was just me. I'd be like, oh, but it's everybody. What are you hearing about the the nervousness and the fears and more things and what are some of the ways that we can away maybe some of those fears and develop some strategies with it? Yeah, I mean, definitely there's so much fear, so much uncertainty and you know, working with the number of business owners that we do work with. We've been working very closely with them. So as this did all happen, I actually had just had a live event, a mastermind event like a week before everything started to get really weird. And so we were all together and so as it started to happen and things started to get shut down and all of our businesses started to get shut down. We were already kind of running closely together tightly knit together and so I think definitely you need to find people you know listening to things like this, like definitely connect to other people in the industry because like you said that is the really nice part about this crisis is that you're in not it alone, you know, like everyone keeps saying we're in it together and we truly are like it's you know that is kind of comforting to know that. It's not just you know, you going through this as far as the fear goes, I mean, I think the two two mantras I've been using throughout this has been control the controlables. So and we all have had weeks, you know, I started off very like certain and strong and like we got this, you know, and then as we get into like weeks six weeks seven week eight and you're like, oh wait, do we have this like what's you know, and now we're in a week we're heading into a 10 now. Which I'm just you know, baffled and so you know, I've had my moments of uncertainty and fear as well. We all have and I think that's something that you know, we have to recognize that and that it's you know, if there's anybody that's telling you with any certainty what is going to happen or what you know, I think you know, you probably need to run the other direction because none of us truly know what's going to happen. But I think what we can do is we can control we can control and we can you know look at okay what can I do to make sure I show up for my clients is the other mantra I've been you know control we can control and show up. And so who can I show up for today and I think all of us is fitness professionals if we step into what we do best which is to help people you know that helps us to move away from that fear which is paralyzing. You know fear can just put you in this paralyzed state where you just want to curl up on a ball and get nothing done to you know how can I show up for somebody today. How can I jump on live and help my clients. How can I put some content out that's going to you know maybe reach out to a new person who you know is is also worried and afraid. How can I you know who can I help today and so I think if you ask yourself that question every day that's going to help to every day continue to move forward to start to think about you know okay. You know yes we want to get our businesses back open but if we're not open yet what can I do today what do I have control over today. And then as we look toward the future I am excited about the future I am excited about when this is all over and the standard of our industry I do feel like this is going to force our industry to elevate. To elevate to a whole new standard and I think that is exciting you know and I think the storm is definitely longer than you know I think we all expected and as we weather that storm. I think there's going to be you know people that are going to end up standing strong at the end of this that are going to change the standard in our industry. I think there are going to be you know we we're already seeing it there's a wonderful shift into. Virtual delivery of many different fitness ideas and concepts and that was going on prior to. The the COVID crisis but it wasn't so in mass and there are a lot of people shifting over to that I think gyms are starting to realize that. There are a couple things and and I found this really valuable is that when we look at the the number of people that have memberships to any type of fitness facility nationwide that numbers really low. And anytime a gym opens usually it's siphoning from another gym facility right so we're not addressing the the 80% if we just say let's say 2080 rule that 20% of people. Of age have a gym membership who is addressing the other 80% and this virtual means is allowing us to end gyms to have greater outreach towards people and developing new markets so I think it's great. I love what's happening in in that regard now it is devastating what's happening in many other regards so I'm not trying to downplay that and one of the things that you mentioned. And a news letter is that it's not just about reopening I'm going to have you speak to this a little bit but it's about rebuilding because there's going to be some devastation not just with us having been closed but with that getting people in the door to see us and you've talked about. Outreach on a regular basis but what does that rebuilding process include to whatever degree that you can speak on it and these are about the controllable so what can people do these business owners or individuals to to help rebuild what they've lost. Yeah absolutely and I've you know it's there's three things retaining our current members and I think that's you know been one of the number one priorities for us and our coaching members is how do we make sure we communicate and staying keep them engaged so that we can retain who we have and then reopen so reopening your facility and yeah how you reopen like you could have done all this hard work to set everything up and keep everybody engaged and do a great job but then if you you know rush into reopening or. You know don't do it the right way you know you can definitely you know really. What you all the hard work you've done so really making sure you have a plan in place to reopen to make your clients feel safe make your employees feel safe. Show that you're going that extra effort to really create an environment that is professional and that goes back to you know what I was talking about. The elevating the standard I feel like the level of professionalism has to be at a whole new level if you you know weren't wearing uniforms before you probably want to think about wearing uniforms if you you know like we want to think medical we want to think you know where people walk in and there it's like streamlined and clean and. Not like the old school you know so it just kind of think about your culture think about what your setup looks like think about your environment and when you walk into your gym. Does it tell people you know that you are making that extra effort to make sure everything is clean and a lot of it is about perception you know it's not even that you know really even if you know does having your customers clean off really mean that there's no coronavirus like. No, not necessarily but that does give the perception of you know hey everything is completely clean I've taken every effort to make sure that you know we're sanitized we're disinfected and we're doing everything we can so I think just making sure you're going that extra effort and then rebuilding. And so yes we are going to have to rebuild our businesses I know that every week as this goes on we're all you know clients are trickling down right like as much as we're keeping our clients engaged and as much as we're you know come on we got we can do this clients are getting sick and tired of home workouts you know some of them love it like we've you know we just set a survey out and we had. You know we have you know a percentage of our clients about 30% of our clients that are just like I'm good like I like the homework out I'm not ready to come back into the gym you know I want to keep doing what I'm doing and I'm like wow okay you know because I because to me I'm like I'm done with homework out. So you know it's but some people are really loving it and so realize that and like you said this is now a part of your business you know don't don't stop making your virtual coaching. Better every day you know and we can keep doing that right now that's something we have control over is how can I get the video quality a little better how can I get the sound a little better how can I make better interaction with the clients how you know how can I make this even better. Because it's going to be a part of what you do like that's going to be there are going to be clients that they are going to want that and I think there's going to be a hybrid membership of some clients that now that have experienced that and I've been in our survey we already have people saying. You know actually with my schedule I think it'd be great if I could come in the gym twice a week and then do workouts online twice a week and you know they're actually starting to think about this hybrid membership and so. The fact that now you have all of these options and all of you know everything to offer your to your clients. It might look a lot different as they do come back and then of course you know you're we do have a huge percentage of members about 60% of our members that are like open now I want to come back and I want to be in person you know and so that's where you know getting those people back in the doors as soon as we do get the green light is going to be important. To rebuild and I think you know that's where I think as we do need to rebuild our businesses so that percentage that wants to come in the doors a lot of those people may have frozen their membership by this point you know they. They are not participating in your online or virtual workouts and you know they're just waiting for you to reopen and so making sure you have a system in place. To reach out to all those people as soon as possible when you do get the green light to reopen. We reach out to past members there's going to be a lot of gyms that unfortunately don't make it through this and so you know then making sure you have a marketing plan in place do you have your marketing funnels figured out again this is all stuff we have control to start working on now. You know we can start figuring out what are our marketing funnels going to be as we do get the green light to open the doors you know how are we going to let other people in our community know that hey we have you know a safe place to come work out and if your gym is you know not reopening or. Hasn't reopened it you know come try us out right so how do you and I think there's going to be so many different angles we can take I mean I think our industry is going to be more important than ever when this is over as far as people wanting health and fitness people wanting to. I think that's going to be so important to people how do we show up for them so I think there's a lot when it comes to rebuilding as far as the marketing you know number one just making sure you're. Keeping your current clients getting them back in I think that's first you know get them back in your doors get them get some testimonials from them get videos a lot of our coaching numbers who've already open we have coaching members open in Utah. In Arizona and there you know all of their clients they're getting videos from them of wow I feel so safe this has been amazing you know it's so great to get back in the gym and so then they're posting those videos and so you know having that so people start to see like even the people that are unsure and like I don't know if I'm ready to go back to the gym like oh you know what it looks like like it's actually it's safe it's fun it's you know okay you know maybe I will maybe that will be the one place that I go you know maybe I go you know to the grocery store and I go to the gym and that's my you know and maybe that's you know. So it's getting that message out and and really making sure you're ready to capture those videos of your clients as they come back get that marketing out and then have those marketing funnels in place to let everybody know that hey we're the experts we're here we're ready to help you and I think a lot of people are ready to you know really step their fitness up after they've been you know locked up for nine weeks so I think it'll be good. I think all of us. Yeah you've mentioned probably a dozen times the word survey. Can you I want you to expand on this a little bit and then for any of the businesses that are not surveying doing surveys with their member base or their client base. Can you just speak to the importance and the value of the survey. Did I say it a dozen times. That's loveless. It is important yeah and that's part of communication I think you know communication is so important if you have not been communicating regularly with your clients and even if maybe when this first started you were communicating regularly and maybe now like nine weeks in you're like. And they're fine like no you still have to get in front of your clients and communicate and you know have that interaction with them so part of that communication is giving them a chance to give you feedback you know so. Making sure you know you are giving them that opportunity and so yeah we sent out a survey and we have all of our coaching members did this you know as you are getting closer hopefully to open you know as you want to start to figure find out. How many of them I mean we first say asked you know how many of them we're using our virtual services and just to get an idea of you know how many people are using the different things we were offering. And then there is a percentage that are not you know they're doing their own thing and ready for us to reopen. And then I asked you know how many people are ready to come back you know immediately how many in a few weeks how many you use a Google doc and you can easily put together a survey through a Google doc and. And it has all of you know that then you have your nice pretty graphs that you can see what all the answers are and you know you get all of your clients information. And the other thing I would recommend putting on there is a testimonial for your virtual services so I did say you know if you wouldn't mind sharing a testimonial and that's actually been really great to. Get a ton of you know again marketing content so our clients are sharing how much they've gotten out of the virtual services how much they love them. You know it's now I have a whole list of testimonials plus when you're having a bad day there's nothing wrong with having a list of good things being said about your business so when you are feeling frustrated. They'd end down you can go in and read your list of testimonials and it gives you a little boost. And then you know I did ask if there were any concerns or anything that as you know coming back into the gym that they were really worried about and so that gave me a real. And you know idea of like I want to know I don't want them to not tell me I you know I'd rather know than not know so as much as I laid out all of the stuff we're going to be doing to reopen safely. You know I want to know if there's something else that's going to concern them and so just you know really realizing some of them are concerned about who else is there with them right which some of these things I don't have control over. I can control the number of people and keep it alone number of people but you know I'm not going to necessarily be able to say you're only going to work out with this person. So that's stuff that you know you got to look at and go okay well maybe that person's not ready to come back because you know I you know I don't want to put them in a situation where they're going to feel unsafe and so. It just gives you a good thermometer of okay you know who's ready to come back and who who will feel safe and and feels like you know they're they're not afraid. And get them in first you know and I think a discreet first opening is probably good you know getting some of your raving fans in who are not you know nervous about it. So that all you know you can really make sure you feel good about everything and that everybody's you know everybody's feels good you got your systems down because I mean things like we're doing like a pod system where. Each client will get their own equipment so you know what's the flow going to be like are we going to be able to you know move people through is quick enough we're going to try to really have a hard start and a hard stop to our sessions so that we can get 15 minutes to clean everything once they leave before the next session starts. And usually in the past we've been very like you know you know finish your workout as you get you know because it's very social and so it's. Finding that balance of what is this going to feel like and so I think it's important initially to get those people in who you feel comfortable with you know they feel comfortable. You know and maybe you don't invite the people back that are have a lot of concerns or that you know and then. And also some of those concerns you know you can address and we know I think having those conversations with people especially as they come in I think we have to be ready as owners. To have some tough conversations like clients haven't talked to anybody for nine weeks you've been in their home so they're going to want to. Like pour everything out to you and so just making sure is the owner that you're available and that you're there and that. You know you're there to back your team up because I think there is going to be a lot you know a lot to be a lot I think as we do get reopened. Yeah are you in your checklist are you doing things like. That I think that additional plans for social distancing are you creating guidelines around you know know physical contact and you're. And you're doing the things you're doing for the fitness professional and the client a winner what are the social distancing. I don't know I don't have solutions is the right word but. Because that you guys have come up with. Yeah I mean in California we haven't been given any set rules yet and you know it doesn't look like they're going to let us open anytime soon. You know so part of it is waiting to hear what they tell us you know we have to do but as far as what we're planning I'm assuming we're going to be in the keep it to under 10 people in the gym which has been kind of an ongoing some of the gyms like Arizona was keep it to 25% of capacity so some of the gym owners we work with it's been different rules different places so you just never know what in your area so you do have to be ready to you know pivot or you know if they do it end up making it. You know harder on you than you were planning or you know who knows but we are planning 10 people at a time which includes staff so for us we have a shake bar and juice bar so front desk person. Our manager and then two coaches with six people is going to be the max we're going to start off with so each coach we do some of my private coaching so each coach have their three clients. And then as people come in we would have you know a sanitation station so they're going to you know sanitize and hand sanitizer wiped on their feet and then come on in and we'll have it spaced out in the warm up room so they can you know grab their their area you know so there's six space space to part. And then as they they the coach finishes off you know cleaning the the strength room which is where the sessions will really take place they'll come over meet the clients get them warmed up and then take them over to our strength area which we have six. And then we have six like power racks so and you know with a whole setup so basically we'll have each person will have their own power rack on bar whatever the work out is that day we're going to. Probably be more on a generic type of a template we usually do super customized programs and so. Initially I think we will work out we work out more on a generic template just to keep things simple so that we can. Keep each client with their own equipment you know they'll have their own everything and that way they aren't sharing anything they're they're spaced you know six feet apart. So yeah we definitely have all of that you know ready to go as far as and we are going to put little you know areas on the floor marking so that they know like this is my area you know that's your area so they feel safe. I think that's you know I'm hoping that's only going to be for I don't know I'm hoping it's temporary and then we will hopefully move back into more customized programming and everyone feeling a little more comfortable but obviously we got to see right we got to see what happens is everybody gets back. A lot of the states that are reopening seem to be doing okay and our gym owners are doing great the clients are just having a great time and you know all of the feedback has been. That they feel safe and it's so great to get back in the gym and you know they're just very thankful to be able to to get back in the gym so they've been running that same system you know so that's the idea what we're going to be doing. With with all of this going on you've also mentioned a couple times creating marketing funnels for any of the business owners out there that aren't familiar with the idea of funnels and marketing funnels can you explain it identify what those purposes are and how that develops kind of different markets for the same business. Sure absolutely so I think of it as a stadium and you're the rock star putting on a rock show in the middle of the stadium and. And we need to make sure that everyone knows you're putting on the show okay so your show is your gym you know the awesome work that's that you're putting on. So we have you know people who are don't even know the show's going on so they are not even aware that you exist and they don't even know that it's happening and so we have those people we need to get in front of and then. We want to try to invite those people to maybe now they have a flyer in their hand and they're considering coming to the show but. And we know and maybe they start to hear about it from someone else so they can you know maybe buy a ticket maybe they buy the nose bleed tickets and there you know at the top kind of you know listening to the show not all in and we basically as you can you know get the idea is we want to work them towards those VIP seats where they're front row in in the mosh pit like all in you know. Raving fans and so so that's the ideas really just you know finding ways and you kind of go to each of those levels of. You know okay we all know who are VIP rating fans are that are you know all in and you know as soon as we open our doors they're going to be like run and back into the gym they don't care what's happening and then you know knowing that okay all of them have. Maybe friends or family that they're referring you know that they've brought in or maybe you have different levels so it's you always want to have different levels of your membership so now we have this new level of a virtual membership. That you know maybe that some of those people are new and if you haven't added anybody to. Your business you know since this started I would definitely start to put some kind of a referral campaign in place. Or you know start to put some Facebook ads out I mean people are home they're on their phones right now there's so much opportunity right now to get in front of people. So if you start putting content out and start to boost your content and get it in front of some of the people that don't know you exist you know those people are on their phones and if you've just targeted. You know women and they don't even have to be in your area but in your area then you know it's likely that they may have heard of you or they you know so when they see your ad they'll be like oh I didn't know they were doing some. And then they can click and end up on your website and then the goal is to get them to give you their email address so kind of the fly up flyer in their hand would be they gave you their email address and they're you know they're like I want to know more right they're not ready to sign up with you yet but they've given you your email address so I would say right now. The focus should be on building that email list so if you don't currently have an email database. Get that set up that's an easy thing to do and something that you can start to find ways to add to that email database and then that gives you a. A database that when you do reopen you know you can and I would start to email them every week build that relationship with them you know when people. People become interested in what you do it still takes like seven to 21 times to you know to get them to actually take action and join your gym it's never going to be a you know oh there's a gym click a buy you know they become a client rarely sometimes that happens but usually they're going to like you know hang out watch what you're doing. And so if you get their email address now you can reach out to them every week so that's a funnel so a funnel is basically thinking of the wider part of the funnel is these people that don't know who you are never heard of you and you're funneling them down to give you their email them give you your their email address so you can start to contact them. And then eventually maybe they sign up for an eighty nine dollar trial of your virtual services you know and then eventually you know they become your VIP in the front row never misses a show you know signed up for whatever you're offering type of thing so help explain it. I think that's a good way to explain it and it's fun because I think a lot of fitness professionals see themselves as rock stars anyway so that is the perfect analogy for our particular group we're just like right now. I want to I want to share with you something that that was pretty interesting so my business partner at independent training spot reach out to people and just started doing this and I thought it was really valuable and he just reaching out to trainers because we we basically rent space to personal trainers and. He said you know what do you want from us in order for you to feel comfortable coming back. In order for your clients to feel comfortable coming back and it's interesting because some people will just say like I'll hear a couple things that I throw out there and yes, okay, we have sanitizer and we have this and some people will will write you a many dissertation on what it is that you could and should and want to think about and maybe this. And as long as that is potentially to read through it's so valuable it's so valuable and it's not quite the. We didn't set it up the surveys maybe like like you guys had done and then we don't have really any analytics but what we do is we code everything and we put them to the side and we say okay. How many people have mentioned this and how many people mentioned this but sometimes the things that are only mentioned by one person it's like oh my gosh yeah why didn't we why do we think about that and. This is one of the things that we do as business owners even as educators we try to answer questions before questions arise so if I can minimize the amount of questions because I thought ahead of what those questions are going to be I can answer them advance and then you look at it and you go man what a great session what a great experience. But we don't think about everything and that's why I'm super valuable to receive information now once we do that that then carries over into. So I'm trying to bring everything together because everybody else wants to know what you plan on doing with your business before I show up there so if I'm doing this and I'm creating these protocols I'm getting this information and I'm trying to develop this moment of. And I'm trying to make sure that you're just at ease as possible at your business and we do that on a regular basis presumably but right now it is it is in front of everybody's minds. And that maybe art mainstream kind of you know that let's make sure that there's. You know the up your out station or sanitizing station let's make sure that we've got our wipes here and. Love it is masks right do we wear masks when we work out the fitness professionals man wear mask and other people don't like they're still questions that are being put out there as to which direction are we going to go because I don't know about you racial but I've worked out I've gone out to Riverside Park in New York City and gone running with a mask. Not enjoyable not enjoyable working out or running or getting your heart made up a respiratory rate up with a mask with mask on so just kind of. It's I know this is not a direct question it's more conversation and pick up whichever piece you want to. But in this communication answering questions before they get ask creating safety creating concern understanding concern. Getting information from people that are present around us and then. Sometimes creating guidelines that aren't going to be really comfortable for everybody just what are your thoughts on on that and then and then specifically I do want to ask the question about the mask and what your thoughts are because if we're not legally. And you mentioned we don't know what California is doing yet and say thing in New York we don't know what New York's going to do yet. But sometimes there's law and then sometimes there's what we do above that to make things better so what are some of those kind of things where if we're not mandated something where do we as fitness professional step up and. And then we're going to have a little bit of a little bit farther for the safety of those around us. Yeah and it's definitely a hard question and I think what something we've been telling our business owners is you you have to feel good about. You know everybody's going to feel different we all have different opinions we all have different you know thoughts we've all read different things you know making sure you do have valid. And then you know you're going to have a lot of different things you know that are really based on science and not necessarily somebody's opinion and so being careful of your own resources so that that way you're not making decisions based on. And so that might be from somebody else's opinion I think sometimes that happens where you know one person's opinion is another per evening and then pretty soon it gets you know like telephone. But if you don't feel comfortable with it bottom line like you're the owner of the business you got to figure out like what you feel best about if you don't feel ready if it's if they say green light you can open and you're not comfortable fully comfortable with opening don't open you know like you definitely should not open don't feel pressure to open. So I think there are some decisions that each of us have to make personally and this is definitely something that's affecting all of us differently you know some of us know people some people know people who have died of COVID so you know if you are you know personally you know you're in a position where. You're you know you don't feel comfortable I highly suggest you wait you know do not rush into it do not open your business. And if you feel strongly about you know yes, I you know I think everyone should wear a mask I'd feeling comfortable you know then then have people wear masks. And I think it's your business you got to decide what you feel best about because if you don't feel good and you don't feel confident with your environment then there's going to be a problem so I think that's number one across the board. Personally we I like you said I don't think it's safe to restrict your airway when you are exercising. I hope that we don't for I hope we aren't you know they don't make that a mandatory thing to wear a mask. We will make it optional if our clients once you know they want to wear it unless California says they have to. We actually had quite a few of our clients say that if they had to wear a mask then they probably wouldn't come back to the gym. They would probably stay home and work out because that would be really uncomfortable. But then we had a you know other client and other client who wrote us like you said a whole thesis on why you know we should require masks and so it's you know you're like okay we got you got all kinds of you know different people in different opinions and. You know personally yeah I mean you know I think. I mean you know wearing a mask is you're protecting the people around you which is very nice you know but it's respectful to do. But you know is it truly going to keep them if you have COVID are you going to keep them from getting COVID by wearing a mask. I don't know you know it's debatable right so. More you know making sure that we have some kind of a. You know doing everything else we can do to make sure that we're creating a safe environment. If it's required of us we will require everyone to wear masks. We will require our our team to wear masks because I think it will make our clients feel more comfortable and they are exercising so. You know that's something that you know in a business it is required currently so I'm sure that's going to be required so I have been telling my trainers start wearing masks so you can get used to it because it's going to be part of your uniform and you know that will be. I just don't really think it's a good idea. I don't know how I feel about that I don't know how I feel about our logo. I'm mask. But yeah but our clients you know I'm hoping that they won't or maybe they wear one as they're warming up and then you know. But as they start to if you're working out you know if we're like actually working out. It's not like wearing a mask and so hopefully you know with the space everyone will feel comfortable enough that you know they're spaced apart and you know and then you know something that I did get the idea of so on your other note of like ideas or the kind of outside of the box. But the sanitation promise you know and really like that promise that we are going to use the the forehead thermometer as they come in so testing their temperature asking them if they've been around anybody that's had any symptoms. You know or if they've had any symptoms and then that like actually signing something which you know maybe will feel some of the people some of the people that feel like you know I don't know what about the other people that are in there are they being as careful as I am. You know it's kind of the questions people have like if I'm being super careful and washing my hands and you know not in wearing a mask when I go to the grocery store and making sure I'm you know I'm really being cautious and using hand sanitizer are the people around me doing the same thing because if they're doing the same thing then we should all be okay you know. And so I think that idea of like a sanitation promise you know where you basically just have like here's what we all promise to do you know we all promise throughout our day to wash our hands regularly we all promise throughout our day to you know. He's hand sanitizer wear a mask when we're in somewhere public we know like all of these things so that when we come into the gym we know that okay you know I know you you haven't been around people that. Maybe would be putting you at risk and then put me at risk so so that's something to think about is some kind of a promise maybe that might make your clients feel better and your team feel better to that like you know hey we're all we all agree to each other and we all promise that and if we have symptoms we are not going to come in you know no even if it's just something minor even if we just feel you know like a little bit of a sore throat don't come in you know. All right because it's allergy season so totally I usually see me during allergy season I look like I like I have had COVID for the past 40 years you know like. And we're so this is something that came up prior to the shutdown to where we're at I've had to have conversations with with people and it's weird and it's uncomfortable and it's what we have to do as business owners but you're coughing. Right you have a running nose I see you going and getting tissue and wiping your nose or blowing your nose and they tell me it's just allergy because then I go. What I don't know how to answer well this is the time of year and this is when this happens I get it that's hard that's hard to address so yeah. And yeah we'll have to do what we feel is appropriate but here was the other interesting thing. I was like okay I get that and this is something seasonal you've had at this time of year oh you but that doesn't mean the other people were comfortable with it so do you have to make decisions that for the group. For this one individual that is presenting some type of symptom that may or may not be. You know COVID or any other type of communicable disease and we're in a weird place and out where we have to make those decisions for people especially once we open back up because people are going to be sneezing people are going to be coughing and running it running nose they're going to have all of these other things. I can't smell will I can't smell because my nose is stuffed up or right now what yeah. Yeah I think it's you know especially in the beginning I think we have to I mean hopefully they figure something out and you know this isn't how we have to live for too long but you know definitely I think in the beginning like you know just while people are starting to get around each other again. I think it's a very important thing to do you have to and as the leader of your business when you're bringing people together for the first time. You know if you aren't putting things in place to really make sure you're and we've always been super strict it results fitness about it anyway we've always you're an allowed to come in and work out of your sick. You know we've had clients not happy with us you know when we've sent them home because they've come in sick and it's always been a rule like hey if you're sick like there's a reason to work out anyway go home rest get better and come back when you're well and we you know this is a place for people are healthy and we don't want you know so it's always been on so our clients are used to us. You know we've been kicking them out of their sex so that's the thing we've done before but you know definitely at a whole new level right like. Yeah I wouldn't normally kick somebody out of it a little running knows and you know some allergies or they sneezed I mean yeah like I you know I was in I was like had my mask on in whole foods in the aisle and I felt a sneeze coming on and I'm like oh god oh god you know like I'm like they're going to kick me out like what's how you know. It's like yeah and I was like it was just like the mask was like tickling my nose you know you're just like oh geez what's that it's like terrifying like you're like terrified to sneeze you know it's it's definitely a weird world and so. Yeah I think you know as we do get reopened it's going to you know it is going to be interesting and you know and it's yeah I think we just I think right now everyone's on high alert anyways I don't think it'll be too hard I think people understand I don't think that you're going to have you know. You know you might have to have some difficult conversations. Real quick before I ask for questions from the audience we I want to make sure you have time to go over those questions or you get on time Rachel that. I haven't another meeting at 10 o'clock so we have yeah all right we're getting a few more minutes and so Greg do you have any questions that's coming that have come in through the chat. For for Rachel and if not I certainly have a couple more things to address. Yes we do a couple questions that came in you guys have answered a lot of them but. One of them here from Michelle she wants to know what online platform you guys currently using. I want to kind of do your online programming that you're doing to keep your users engaged. Sure we are using the bridge so I highly recommend the bridge we actually we're already planning to roll out the bridge before this at the mastermind event that we had with our coaching members that we actually shared it with shared the bridge and we wanted to have we had a deadline of getting it rolled out by June and so. And then as of you know that next week we basically had it all rolled out and so it's called the bridge and it's really great as far as you can have you know our clients have their customized programs that they can access on their phones they have. We shot videos of all the exercises they can even communicate with their coach through the bridge so. Basically you know they can send a message or they can even shoot a video of them doing the exercise and then gets some you know even coaching from the coach like hey you know take a few little wider or. And that's been really awesome our clients love it and just to keep track of their workouts to have that communication and then have the videos right there so they know exactly what they're doing. Anything else on that graph yeah Kelsey wants to know if you're going to change your programming from customized to more general will you also alter your price. So now it'll just be for the first couple weeks I think and it's not like it'll be a general template so I might have like everybody's going to be doing a squat variation is the idea. But you might have once in using a barbell you might have one person you know deluded holding on to something but they're all going to be doing a squat so as far as the generic part of it it's more just like a generic movement patterns just to keep things simple for the coach so that you know hey we're all going to squat today. Here's how you squat here's what you're going to do I want you to go ahead and use the barbell in your rack I want you to go ahead and grab on to that handle right there so that you have some extra help and I want you to hold on to that kettlebell and do a goblet squat. And so that way it's not totally you know just a generic program but it is just more more similar. Then we're used to usually we do get real specific and customized with our programming and it's really more just to simplify it for the coach to keep our sessions we're going to try to shoot for a 45 minute session so. That'll help us to keep things you know where we can get a lot done in a 45 minute period and and be able to coach easily. While they're using you know their own equipment and just kind of keeping everything streamlined but we don't plan on that. No I don't I honestly we have not we did not change our prices at all our clients still pay full price for virtual. I do not think you should discount your services it's so much harder to go back and so as much as possible find a way to give value. That's been our you know like ongoing how can we give more value to make sure that we are you know. Showing up for the price that they pay but we have not discounted any of our services and don't plan to. And then in the chat once knowing in regards to equipment for virtual does a headset like you're wearing Rachel help with clients hearing you better especially to client pass it back around noise and are you using anything else from an audio. Yes, we sure are we use like so this would be I mean if you're actually teaching a workout this probably wouldn't work because this is attached to my computer. But definitely anything that you have that can decrease the outside noise can definitely help so we've used you know you can use like get a lapel mic that's blue tooth you know like basically it's connected straight to whatever source you're using video source. I wouldn't say I'm the expert on this but there's definitely things you can do to get better audio. Excellent and are you asking that because she's wearing the headset and I'm not and you hear background noise here because I just want to know that's just a theory. Rick that was actually question for me and I was just trying to get you to buy it. I'm trying to get better trying to get better. So hey, great are there any other questions because I have a I have a finisher that I want to ask and then we will we'll close it out and let you get ready for your next meeting. Financial. So this is a. Finish the sentence or fill in the blank for you Rachel. Okay. And I pulled this as a as a quote from one of the emails that it come out from you guys and I don't care if you still it in with what you said in the email. But because things kind of shift and perspective and the current time you're being asked a question. But please fill in the blank and then let's let's chat about it for a moment you're income will be in direct correlation to your blank. I believe it was your ability to sell. Isn't all the mall right or is this current now it's a recent email but this is a quiz. Do they get the answer right. No no but but it's not. It's the whole point of it right like your ability. It's going to be a direct correlation to your income. Okay. What did I say what was it? I believe it had something to do with with systems or funnels or. Or your strategies that I put together. Yeah, direct correlation to the number of your list the size of your list I mean, it's. Yeah, yeah, I was talking about right now is a great time to build your list and yeah I had an indirect proportion to. I mean, you know, you know, helping people right so sales marketing all of that is about helping people helping more people and don't be afraid of it don't be afraid to help more people don't be afraid to get people on to your list. You know, don't be afraid to communicate with them. I think, you know, as trainers were so afraid of sales were so afraid of marketing were so afraid of a pitch, you know that we end up not helping as many people as we could. And right now is a great time to hone your marketing skills, your sales skills and you know really get yourself where you like all sales is guiding someone down the path to change your life. You know, that's all you're doing is saying the right things using the right words to help them to make the right decisions to change your life. And so it's it's a good thing, you know, so and yeah, your income will be indirect proportion to how well you can sell and how you know the size of your list as far as number of people that are interested in what you do and and ready to get help from you. And that kind of goes back to what you're mentioning before about pricing. And it reminds me of something Fabio Cmonas said a couple weeks ago when I had him on the show. He's a prices only a roadblock in the absence of value. And so when you put out that value and people are cared for and they feel cared for. Then, you know, they're willing to continue to pay you that price and there's no need to to discount it and to sell yourself short sell your services short. Because I did a I did a hosting for how to sell for a company here in New York City online virtually and and my whole point was if you can keep your prices the same great but the option probably is keep your prices the same. But you may have to add more value to what you're offering so if if it is less valuable to be at home and have your clients exercising online. You have to come up with something else to create more value and what you do that the price not dropping is not an issue so that price being a roadblock only in the absence of value I think is is a valuable component to what we do so with that. I want to express my gratitude and and seeing you here and we did get an opportunity to to get to know each other and chat a little bit at the last conference that we were at I probably two weeks or a week before the show place so. It was wonderful getting to know you better and a delight having you here so for those that would love to learn more about you and what you do can you just give them the skinny on everything like how to reach you contact you. And so I'm on Instagram and Facebook so reach cause growth on Instagram so just our ACH cause grow on Instagram and then Facebook I have Rachel Cosgrove fan page and then you can also check out results fitness university so go to results fitness university dot com and we're also on Instagram and Facebook. So definitely look at us look us up I post every day so I'm definitely putting out frequent. You know content and then as you head over to results fitness university dot com you can jump on our email list and get our weekly emails of a lot of the stuff that you were mentioning so that you can say in our loop. Rachel thank you so much I appreciate you being here. Thank you thank you for having me on. Awesome and everybody thank you so much for listening this is the NASM CPT podcast and our Facebook live webcast.