My name is Everminer. I'm the owner of Minor Fitness based in Arizona. I do hybrid coaching, which is a combination of in-person and online coaching, tell my clients, stay more accountable and get the best results with a full transformational coaching plan. Going from in-person sessions and you have that hybrid mix and then over time you're able to transition to online coaching to maintain the proper programming and accountability over time has just been tremendous for both my self and clients. Continuous learning has been everything for me and that's why I got my Nazam certification to start. Everybody that's looking for a personal trainer wants someone who certified, they want someone that's knowledgeable and trustworthy and without that certification you are just not going to be reputable in the space. Selling is a lot like trying to sell yourself on a dating app. It's really trying to set yourself up for that first date where you're trying to get someone in for that console, aka the first date and you really don't want to give them many reasons to say no. You want to give them every reason to say yes to come in, see the facility that you're working at, see what it's like to work with you, give them a tailored experience that they're not going to be just another client under roster that you're giving a cookie cutter program to realizing that selling single sessions or packs of sessions just kind of creates unstable income because you have cancellations and you know people go on vacations and no shows and you really need something much more stable to stay in the game as a personal trainer. So subscription based model is going to be the way to go and you know this just comes after going through some ups and downs in the business where I realized things had to change or else I wouldn't be able to make this work in the long term. Do so many reps that it would be unreasonable for you not to be successful and that really resonated with me because I was relentless in my pursuit of starting up this business and I knew I had a lot to learn and you know being a coach versus being a business owner is sometimes too completely different ball games but I knew that if I tried enough avenues that eventually something would pan out and I would learn the information that I needed from the right person hopefully at the right time. I strategically scoped out new apartment complexes in Scottsdale and I came across one that was luxury and had a couple gyms and I could just see myself training people there. I thought it was a business opportunity so I worked with people in the releasing department there to hand out and put up flyers, put stuff in welcome packets and send out email blasts, I ran a free boot camp to get the word out there and get some more lead generation, digging in terms of systems and scalability because you are the trainer, the marketer, the salesperson like you're doing everything and being all things you have to just accept that there's a major learning curve for all these different skills and positions that you're going to have and that's just part of the course it's part of the game and you need to embrace that grind and the struggle to then make it like if you want to be a business owner then it's going to take a disproportion amount of energy time and resource upfront to build what you want in the long term. Coaching people the way that I want to and that I wish I had gotten and I built minor fitness from scratch based on solving the exact problems that I had and it just leaves me very fulfilled to know that I'm helping people with the same issues that I had and I'm just grateful for the opportunity every single day even when I have to get up super early for six AM sessions.