On today's episode of NASM, CBT podcast with me, Rick Richie, I explore a question Ellie asked about taking three to five years to pay yourself back after opening a business. What it costs to go as an independent as a personal trainer, which won't take three to five years to pay yourself back, and why it isn't always the best way to go. We also talk about taxes for a few minutes too. I'm just stick with me through that one. I also spend some time talking about what it is like to open a brick and mortar business, which may take three to five years of being open just to pay yourself back for all the costs of opening the business. That is if the business doesn't fail. Yeah, I'm so sorry. You're going to want to listen to this one. Make sure that you like, follow, subscribe, and leave a five star review. Now, here's the episode, how do I pay myself back when opening a business? You're listening to the NASM, CPT podcast with Rick Richie, winner of the shared Care Emiel Ward for social storytelling, and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey, all and welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie, and I got a message, and I thought it was such a good question. And there's an interesting flaw in the question here, which is there are two things that are conflated that don't need to be. So I'm going to address this. So the question asks, is this? Hi Rick, just call me LA have a question for the podcast. I've recently decided to be an independent trainer, congratulations. In preparation, listen to some of your episodes regarding what it really takes financially to be independent. Your episode about making sure you account for taxes, retirement, business expenses, etc. Brought up another question for me. It says a lot of entrepreneurs will tell you that it practically all of your profits that you make in the first three to five years of opening should be poured back into your business. That's the case. How exactly am I supposed to determine how much I get paid? How do I pay myself, man? I don't mean no. Do I have to support myself and my family? I mean, I do have to support myself and my family, right? Does it? My family scrape by because I'm investing in my business or is it appropriate for me to pay myself? Well, at the expense of building a business. What are your thoughts? Thanks for everything. Well, I have some opinions for you. I have some non-appinions. I have some just the state of facts here. And so we've got to talk about it. But I will start by saying this. My wife always asks me, when do we get to keep the money? So I have now six gyms in New York City and we have a smaller apartment than we want to have. So we have a lot of apartments, cost of fortune in New York City. So do building out gyms and had we built spent less time building out gyms? We probably could have spent more time in focus getting a larger apartment for our family here in New York. Well, there's a problem. We can go up and we're in a small apartment. If we can increase the size of our apartment, it increases what we need. Not even what we want is another couple of bedrooms and at least one more bathroom. But that cost another million dollars in New York City. So what does that mean? That means that putting money back into the business because even if we kept all the money from one gym or two gyms or three gyms or four gyms, it would be very hard to save up to buy a larger apartment. So what do we do? We actually put the money back into the business and take a few years as you talked about to start paying ourselves back. But then we have an income from multiple different sources. But there are two concepts that are conflated here and they're put into one. So first, let's discuss going independent as a trainer. You are spot on regarding putting aside money for tax. It's here's a breakdown of how tax liability for an individual works. We're going to go all the way up to $100,000. I'm recording this in 2025. So as it stands assuming you're filing as a single and you're not. You have a family but we're just going to go this as a single and it works out better for you to get some family because you got some right-offs. But here's the thing. If you make up to $1,9,000, your first $11,925, that's taxed at 10%. As we go into this kind of progressive taxing system, the next $11,925,248,000 plus change is 12%. Now the first $11,000, almost $12,000 is 10%. The only 12% is basically that $12,000 through the $48,000. Then you've got kind of the almost $49,000 to $103,000 is taxed at 22%. Then you've got the tax bracket of $133,000 to $150,000. That's 24%. Now the total tax liability is you've got to add all of that up. And so if you added up, then that's going to be what's called your effective tax rate. So your first 10%, your first $11,000 plus dollars is 10% and then the next 12,048 is taxed at 12% and the next is taxed at. So it's not like people say I don't want to make $500,000 because I go into the next tax bracket and now I've got to pay way more in taxes because you don't pay, you just pay anything above $500,000 in the next tax bracket. You don't pay everything you made below $500,000 at that tax. So there is a challenge here. So the key takes away, take away is here. You're not taxed at the highest bracket rate on your entire income. The only income that falls within the bracket is subject to that bracket specific tax. Right now as a business owner, you will be responsible for this money. But you're going to also have to put money aside because that's just your federal tax. You've got to put money aside for your state tax. Now that's why people love states like Florida because they don't have any state income tax. And that's why me living in New York City and I have my accountant who is a long time friend of mine that I've known since childhood and he owns a huge tax CPA company, accounting firm in Louisiana, Shreepport, Shut up, Scotty. And so Scotty Amis had one of the people who's working on my taxes reach out to me and said, hey, I ran the numbers on your state income tax for New York State and something wrong. I just got to send it up the chain and make sure we run those numbers again. And I was like, they're right. Are you concerned it's too much money? It's too many money as my son would say. It's too many money. It is too many money, but that's how much it is. And so the tax rate in New York State is a little bit different. And it pushes those numbers way, way up. All right. But good news is whatever business expenses that you have, then you will be able to write that off on your taxes. But what does that even mean? What are your business expenses? Well, some of your business expenses as an independent trainer, you're going to buy some equipment. You're going to do some marketing and put some money towards advertisement. You're going to have a website. You're going to pay for a website. You might pay for mileage. You might rent a facility. You might get permits from the city park. You might build out a garage gym. All of that stuff cost money. And these expenses are expenses that you can write off on your taxes. So if you have $10,000 of expenses and you have a $60,000 income, then you will only pay taxes on $50,000. You'll only pay taxes on the $50,000. Because you got $60,000. You subtracted $10,000 and expenses. It doesn't mean that you write off $10,000 on the amount of tax on your tax bill. It just means you don't pay income tax on the $10,000 that went through your expenses. But you need to minimize those. You need to have receipts for them. You need to know what they are. And try to do as good of a job as you can do managing that. Here's my number one most important tip here. Get a business credit card and nothing goes on that credit card except for business expenses. Business credit card will change your life and how you do business. But remember, this only works if you're not a WN2, W2. It only works if you work for yourself. And that's going to be important. So this type of business will not cost much to pay yourself back on. So if you're going to independent as a trainer, do not worry yourself about that three to five years to make that money back. This episode of the NASM CPT podcast is brought to you by NASM1, the membership for trainers and coaches members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the edge app to schedule and program clients enjoy half off all certifications and specializations. Access to free CEUs and more all of this for just $35 a month. Go to NASM.org slash membership to learn more about NASM1. All right. So let's get to chat in a little bit about this now. The things that you get to write up. Now it's not going to take you three to five years to pay this back. But you did bring up some really good points. You brought up retirement. So let's talk about retirement for a moment because we did talk a little bit about business expenses. We did talk a little bit about what that's going to cost you in taxes and putting money aside in taxes. But let's talk about retirement for a little bit. It doesn't matter if you have a little income or a lot of income. You should be putting money away for retirement. I don't care if it's $50 a month. If it's a $100 a month, $500 a month, if it's $50 a week, $100 a week, $500 a week, $500 a week. If you've got to start putting some money away. So let's go into just a little calculation here. So if you do $50 a month, you put aside $50 a month for 30 years. In 30 years you will have. And we're looking at an average in this calculation and average 10% return. So let's say you get a 10% return on the money that you put in. Then that $50 a month for 30 years will be almost $100,000. It'll be $99,568. Now, yeah, some of that is the money that you put in the $50. But most of that is coming from the increase of the compounding interest that will make you more money. Now let's look at what it would look like for $100 a month for 30 years. You put in $100 a month for 30 years. You give $199,137 in retirement in 30 years. What about $500 a month? For 30 years you put $500 a month away for 30 years. Remember, $500 a month that's $6,000 a year for 30 years. It is not close to this number. $995,000. $995,688. Well, you're almost at a million dollars if you put in $500 a month for 30 years. Well, there's a Roth IRA. So if you're making below a certain amount of money, you can put $7,000 a year, which is $583 a month into a Roth IRA. And you pay taxes on it upfront. But the growth of that is completely tax-free. So when you take it out, it's free money at the end of it. And you put in $7,000 a year or an average of $583. It's at a 10% yield, it'll be $1.16 million. $1.16 million. Just trying to figure out how to put $7,000 a year away. I try to max out your Roth IRA if you can. If you've got a 401k with your company, try to max it out, especially if they match. That's free money. But we're talking about going independence. You've got to have the money to put aside for your retirement money, to put aside for your medical money, to put aside for your business expenses, money to put aside for your taxes. You got to put money away. You're going to be making a lot more money, but you've got to put money away. So now you have to identify, do I make more money as an independent trainer or do I make more money working for someone else? And then you take that, you say, okay, but I don't like working for somebody else. So even if I don't make more money, am I happier? And also when you work for somebody else, you don't have the potential that you have when working for yourself. So, no, well, so I can't, that's not always true. But that is something that you need to figure out on your own. Now let's go into the three to five years to turn it profit when you open a business. Now generally, it's talking about a physical business because you have rent and you have employees and you have utilities, you've got capital expenses that needed to build out your facility. So you need an HVAC system, which I complained about in the last show, you need a rubber flooring to go down on the floor, cost a bazillion dollars. You need equipment to go into it. You're buying equipment to put into your facility. You are spending money. You're putting a front desk in. You're putting vinyl on the wall. Maybe you get a neon sign. Maybe you have a nice lighting set into the system. So it doesn't bother people's eyes when they work out. Maybe you got to do plumbing because you have to put in a locker room and don't forget it's very expensive to have lockers. Not as expensive as plumbing. I'll tell you that right now. So you've got to put money into it. That's the capital expenses. Then the operational expenses, which are your monthly expenses, which are going to rent in your employees and your utilities and the price to wash towels and the price to keep the lights on and paying for your Wi-Fi. All of that stuff, that's going to be. Then you've got to pay yourself. That includes your wages, these operational expenses. Your part of that employee money that has to go out, you're an employee of your own business. Make sure you put yourself in as an employee of your business so that you can make that money. All right. So I have a guy, let me put it this way. I've got to get renting space for me to teach class and we just open this business and he's just starting this new time slot. So nobody showed up and for him to rent that space, it cost a hundred bucks. But let's say that you spend a hundred thousand dollars to open your business. Let's just say you break even on your monthly expenses in month one. You are doing pretty good, breaking even on your expenses when this person was a hundred dollars in the whole. But he didn't put capital expenditures into the business. All he did is pay a hundred dollars to use the space. You put in a hundred thousand dollars and you broke even the first month. Guess what, you're still in the hole, a hundred thousand dollars. Let's say by six months you're averaging fifteen thousand dollars in income per month. That's a hundred and eighty thousand dollars a year in gross income. But your monthly expenses, you've got fifteen thousand a month coming in. But your rent, let's say it's five thousand. Let's say your employees are also five thousand. That includes you. So you're getting paid. Your family is still getting money. You're still able to support them because you are part of the employees. Now if you want to be a hands-off employer and sink into the background and let other people run the business, that's going to be less money for you. But you know, easy streets, easy street, if you're making enough money, you can do that. So you've got five grand a month and rent five thousand a month and employees. And then let's say your utilities and other expenses are two thousand dollars a month. That leaves you with a profit of three thousand dollars per month. Now with that three thousand dollars per month, are you going to spend it? Are you going to keep it? You've got to pay yourself back for you for the money that you put into it. Or if you have investors, you definitely got to pay them back. So is it worth it for you to open facility or just work at somebody else's facility? Because how many three thousand dollars a month does it take to pay back the original one hundred thousand dollar investment? The answer is 34 months. 34 months, 36 months is three years. That's two point eight years to pay yourself back. If that's the profit you're turning based on this scenario, which falls in line with that three to five years to make a profit. Is it worth it? You have to identify what that means for you. I cannot answer it for you. All I can do is give you the resources so you can think about it. Now there's a difference between going independent and opening your own gym. And so that last scenario is about opening your own facility, the first scenario where you can pay yourself back. And three to five years, you'll be able to pay yourself back easily because there are no real expenses in going independent. But you will have to pay your own social security, which is 15% of your income right now. You only pay half of it and your employer pays the other half. You've got to put money aside for your taxes. Now, it's the same amount of taxes, probably maybe even less because you can write things off. But your employer pulls it out for you. If you're not pulling that money out and at the end of the year you get hit with this tax bill, you're going to be allowed to trouble. It was going to be a shock. So I suggest also opening a business savings account. Put that money that taxes owed into the saving account, keep it separate from your checking accounts. You're going to go ahead and take out what you owe in taxes instead of the side. It's a lot to take on. And I hope that you found this helpful. Thank you for listening and thanks to our producer, Eric Sournsyn. I want to ask you to like, subscribe, share with your fitness friends and family and leave a five star review. Also, if you want to reach out to me like Ellie did, hit me up. You can do so on Instagram at dr.ricRitchie or email me, Rick.Ritchie at nsn.org. Thanks for listening. You'll keep inspiring people to fitness. This has been the NASM CPT podcast.