Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to NAS and Lot. My name is Prentice and as always, we've been doing this for a while. I'm here with Wendy Bats and Marty Miller. How are you all doing this afternoon? Fantastic. And again, as always, we have our producer, the man pulling the strings in the back, Greg. And Greg is everyone salute. So as you all can see right now, today we're going to work on an OBT program for seniors doing a phase five program. Now, I know I'm just saying this tongue in cheek, but hopefully hopefully we don't break our seniors doing phase five. Joking, of course, you can do, you can do phase five programing. So as we, what do we just go ahead and get started? Why don't we go to the next slide and Wendy? Tell us why we want to do phase five training for our senior pop machine. Yeah, so you know, Marty and I, and this every week, but we get excited about some of these topics because we get to talk about the importance of different populations with this particular week being with seniors. And it's an important topic when dealing with senior population because the importance of stuff like balance, that's going to help reduce the chances of falls. So, you know, falls among the elderly, especially those with osteoporosis, are associated with high morbidity and mortality and involve high-cost medical intervention. So in fact, falls are responsible for 90% of the growing increase in hip fractures and are the six cause of death among patients over the ages of 65, which is crazy to me. But falls are multifact rural. Their causes are categorized by intrinsic, which just means personal and extrancy, which is an environmental factor. So some examples of intrinsic include altered balance, neurological disease, sensory deterioration, excuse me, musculoskeletal diseases, phosphohypertension, and of course the use of medication. Research shows that altered balance is the greatest collaborator towards falls in the elderly with the high correlation between balance deficits and the incidence of falls. And so for this reason, you know, studies regarding the risk of falling in osteoporosis are at a high priority in clinical intervention, which diminishes the incidence of fall, which is a health priority, which reflect both on the quality of life and health costs long term. So additionally, evidence suggests that exercise reduces the risk of fractures, showing an effect on the maintenance of bone mass and more importantly, improving posture of stability, mobility, and consequently, consequently, I can even talk today. Domain is being the risk of fall. So indeed, you know, improving balance would be an objective in the prevention of falls. So, you know, that's what we're actually going to focus on today. You're going to see in the program that we're going to show you next. You know, Marty and I put together a program that I've used with our senior potion. And we've taken, you know, all of these stats in this information. And we keep that in mind because oftentimes we feel that trainers, when they're working with senior population are scared to use the OPD model. And that's one of the things we want to cover with everyone today that every phase of the model is going to be dependent upon your client, of course. But don't let age be a factor because when you're designing a gram, everything is for specific adaptation and everyone's adaptation is going to be different. And so when we're dealing with the population and especially in phase five, we're dealing with strength and of course their strength may not be a one rep max. So we're going to keep that in mind. But then we're also on the speed side, speeding for the train of life. So let me ask you before we really dive into the meat of the program. You said senior and you said elderly. So can you give us an age range to give our learners an idea of who they're going to be working with? Well, I mean, I think it really depends because, you know, when you say seniors, when, you know, 65 years is considered a senior and older. And so this could be used from that way. And however, I am training someone that's 67 and he has a body and the mindset of a 45 year old. So, you know, I mean, so that's a hard question, but technically six months older. Yeah. And how much does and just picking up on that point, how much does their biological age mean to your programming because it's the 21st century when they just because they're older, doesn't mean they're old. So, I get older. I keep, you know, moving what I can do to old up and up and up. So, but you know, that's what, you know, brings us to the next slide. Actually, is, you know, when you're doing your subjective information, I mean, you'd find out their mindset, you know, have they ever moved, you know, like, and I say moved, have they ever worked out before, you know, are they moving now, you know, what is their, what is their state of mind? And then what is their body showing you? Because a lot of times, mentally, a client may, you know, may think that they're older because they are looking at their age as a specific number. But their body can show you that they could actually move better than their age, you know, and I'm saying like their age and their mentality, right? Or their mental capacity are just different. It's just different. So, so I think, you know, when we're talking about stuff like that, when you're sitting down with them, you're going to gather a lot of information that will be helpful on the on your programming. Okay, and one more question and then before we move on, and this is the both of you, but even with people who have a younger biological age, and they still have a fair amount of agility, speed agility, quickness, and all that stuff. What are some risk factors? Another contraindications that you would find, but that you would tell our trainers about when working with the elderly client. Martin? Sure. I'll jump in. So, you know, go back to your part, go back to your medical history. They got to be cleared for activity. But as I always like to say, use the model for advantage. We're talking about power here, but just like anybody else, you've got to earn the right to progress through the model. So if you're cleared, and you're progressively taking maybe corrective or combining corrective throughout all the things that we have talked about that extended targeted warm up, giving them their homework, generally, you know, taking them through in a gradual pace by the time you go level of power, most of those factors should be taken care of. Well, when they, and I'll do as we get into the bulk of the program, we'll talk about some unique ways to really put power in and decrease even more potential risk due to the ability of the person. And again, you know, since they're at a more elevated age, we know that they may not be able to desalorate themselves as aggressively. So maybe that you don't have them doing full-amps or maybe they're not touching the ball back at such a progressive pace. So we'll go over some of those ways that you can program accordingly. But again, go through the model, let the model work for you, but just all we're trying to do here is when you get towards that power phase just because there's a number there, don't all the sounds like, well, I can't, I can't allow my seniors to train in this method because, you know, if there's one thing and Wendy pointed out that they is going to save their life, it's going to be available to balance and or absorb energy if they do fall. And that's going to be power train. That's that eccentric loading. So we have to take them through that and just to what's appropriate. The way I'll phrase it is everybody's an athlete, whether you're 65, 15 doesn't matter. It's just to what level are we going to tax, you know, your athletic ability. And we'll find the perfect balance as we go through the OPPT model. And then today we're going to spend more time focused on the power phase. All right, awesome. So with that, what have we been to assess and talk us through that, talk us through the process, what you do there with your senior clients? Well, on this slide, you know, again, subjective information is going to be very, very important when you're sitting down and meeting your client. It's the same goes, doesn't matter how old they are when they come into first meet you because you are building that rapport and you're also building the trust factor. But you want to make sure that there is medical clearance, you need to find out if there is specific medication that they're on, especially, you know, or do they have Osteoporosis. You know, that type of information is very, very important to find out upfront because when you're you know, designing your program, which Martin and I will talk about, I mean, if you have Osteoporosis and it's, you know, it's very severe, you wouldn't want to put someone on a foam roller. So, you know, be very, very specific and ask a lot of questions when you're getting your subjective information. And then you're going to decide what transitional assessments make sense for that individual base upon the information that you've gathered up into that point, you know, looking at their park you listening to what they're going to, and then also what is their overall objective. And so, Martin and I decided because we are kind of using more of a general, like we're saying, senior population, we didn't do a specific case study. So, some of the common assessments that are often done on the senior population is the overhead squat. Now, again, you know, how deep they go, it may not, you know, that could be a factor of course. And then also, if they've never done a squat or the very, they're scared to do a squat because they're scared of falling, you know, instead of putting their hands over their head, then you may end up just having them maybe hold the back of a chair. You know, but you still set them up in the five-connected chain check points, have them raise their arms, see, you know, on a static posture, did you notice any changes even without movement? And if they feel comfortable squatting, then have them perform through traditional overhead squat assessment. So, set them up in the five-connected chain check points with their shoes off, perform the squats and gather the information as long as it's safe. And then, from there, if you want to do additional assessments, could you do a single-leg squat? If their overhead squat looked fantastic and they're comfortable doing that, you could, is it something you want to use with caution because of what we just read about with the falls in the statistics, absolutely. However, it can be done. We chose to use more of the push and pull assessment instead, which again, you know, would be sitting, for instance, on an bench with a cable or band behind them and they would just go into a chest press. And you're looking to identify as though forward, do, you know, what's happening at the trunk, you know, so, so you can still gather a lot of really good information. And the same thing with the pull, it's just the band would be in a different direction. With this population as well, if they have not been active, you know, remember the show-tell do, meaning that the trainers show them exactly what they want them to do. And then, you're telling them as they're showing them and then you're going to have them do. So, then they perform it on their own. And then again, you're going to take all of the assessment data and then you're going to design an individualized program that's based on the results that you gathered in the assessments. Okay, that's pretty straightforward. Yeah, just take you subject to information, do the assessment. That's appropriate for your client and get the data that you need to build the best program. So, we're ready to move on to the next slide. We are readiness. All right, let's head and do that. So, again, you know, if you were to take in consideration, you know, what you come to see, which is what Marty and I kind of said down and talked about, often see bilateral foot external rotation. We often see that the knees move inward. Instead of an anterior pelvic tilt, we may start to see a posterior pelvic tilt. Rounded shoulders and a forward head. Now, again, this is the initial overhead spot assessment. So, this is just came into the gym and that we have successfully put through phases one, phases two. So, after we've done eight weeks of that, we may have sprinkled in some, you know, phase three and four again to their ability. Maybe making it quote a hybrid because we may change the load amount, you know, with this type of individual. But when after 12 weeks, if we did another assessment, it would be common to still possibly see a posterior pelvic tilt. And again, it may not be perfect, but as long as the compensations have cleaned up, and you feel that they're ready for a phase five, then then put it through, you know, put them at phase five and let's see how it goes. Okay. And while we're before we move on to the next slide, I want to ask everyone, I want to say that everyone who's listening, if you have questions, especially regarding training seniors, this is the time to ask so that you can have those fears, if you have them alleviated because, you know, regardless of your age, you need to have, you need to have power, you need to be fast. Taxi drivers and big cities don't care about your age. If you have to move, okay. So, now that we have the information from the overhead squat, we're moving into phase five program. And as you know, when we're going to assume right now, most of these compensations have cleared up except for that, maybe there's still some posterior like tilt left. So why don't we talk through the first part of this template? Yes. And so again, it shows to do it. If I just to show you how Marty and I could design this type of program with the senior population, you can find when we improve or move faster, risk a fall. Those are goals that are very common with this type of relations. So when designing a program, remember to think of it as training for the speed of life. And your life might, you might be faster than your seniors, but again, what is their speed and what are they capable of doing? So Marty and I and Marty is going to talk about why we chose some of this stuff, but we did go ahead and include some self-mile facial rolling. You're going to see that we wrote underneath, it says considerations and Marty out through why, but we would have this particular individual based on the posterior public tilt compensation, foam roll, their hamstrings, ad dr. Magnus, and thoracic spine. Marty. Yes. So when you're choosing your foam roll, again, you guys know the contraindications. We got to worry about things, you know, such as blood pressure, circulatory issues, you know, osteoporosis, you know, osteopeenia. So assuming that those things are all cleared, just because somebody is in that senior posture does not mean that you cannot ever do the foam rollers. We've always talked about having different tools around different density of foam rollers, of course, you know, what feels soft to you do might be enough for somebody in a senior population. Some of our seniors have a lack of muscle mass, you know, they could be more frail. So, you know, they're not going to need a lot of density or if they're in the opposite way, they're deconditioning and maybe carrying a little extra body weight, maybe they can't get up and off the ground. Those are things you all do each and every day as you analyze all your clients. But what I love to do in my facilities is I always had those lower level wider tables, like that you see in physical therapy, because sometimes it'll be very easy for a senior or anybody that's coming off an injury to use that table as an extension of the floor. Maybe they can't get all the way to the ground, but they can do some of these techniques on those wider tables. So just a food for thought as you're building out your facilities. Now, obviously, you know, there's other vibration tools out there. So again, we're just going to look as if we can do these, we know that it's safe for this individual, and we're not going to them just by a number. In their age, we have progressed them to be able to control their body in these different foam rolling techniques, just as we would expect anybody else to do it. So we addressed the main muscle groups that were overactive at the beginning of their assessment, so we keep them calm, or we're going to target the muscles that we're going to train so that way they're prepared for their work at that's coming. And then after we did the rolling, now we have static stretching, which again, I understand it is space five, and again, we called it high root for a reason, and Marty, we'll talk about why we chose to do static, but we're going to have this individual do a standing ham stretch, and he'll say why specifically we chose that one as well as the calves, the lats, a peck stretch, and of course an ab stretch on the ball. So, Marty. Absolutely. We'll look at the ones we chose. We wanted to throw some different things in there, because there's going to be a lot of seniors that can absolutely do a kneeling hip flex or stretch, but we want to make sure we talked about it here with this population. Maybe they can get up and off the ground, but maybe this is the pressure on their knee. I mean, we all know that depending on what flooring you have, if you don't have like the foam pads that put under it, that could be maybe more aggressive for someone that's already had some arthritic or joint changes, or maybe they just simply don't feel comfortable getting up off the ground. So, we always have, we've always talked about it. I have a lot of progressions and you're regressions in your toolkit, so you can pull them out at the right time. So, this is a perfect time for the standing hamstring stretch. Then again, the peck in the flat, because a lot of seniors will have all of us at the honest, but they may have pronounced you know, posture or deviation where they have the forward head, rounded shoulders, or that up across them. So, we want to address that just, you know, something very, very common. So, even when they're improving, we're still going to want to put that in there and get them to get back to the most ideal posture. And if you think about getting them an ideal posture, just like when we do it, it gets your joints in the best position to handle load. Now, all of us here, I know the ages of my colleagues on the webinar were in our 40s. Hopefully, we haven't had any joint changes at this point. But imagine a 60 or plus no matter how healthy they are, they're going to have some changes in their joints, whether it's, you know, their discs are just, you know, compressing because of aging, their spinal canal is narrowing, or maybe due to injuries they've had in the past, maybe they're getting some arthritic changes. So, again, absolutely important to get them in the best posture possible so that way we add the least amount of stress their joints. So, that's why you're going to see things like the pack, the lat calf is great because you, you know, most people are going to have some type of restriction in their ankle. And then we also chose the rectus of dominant stretch over the ball because of that posterior tilt. And again, this is in there. Yes, it's a little bit more of an advanced exercise for a senior potentially. But again, this was a progression. We worked them towards how to get on and off the lower there for say, of course. But just getting them to open up into that extension, letting that rectus abdominis get a little bit of stretch. So, that way we could help eliminate that posterior tilt. Again, for everybody, but more so for seniors, when they're tipping their head back, you have to make sure that medically they can do that and they're not going to get lightheaded or dizzy. But again, this would have been a process that we get them to. I wouldn't suggest necessarily that type of stretch the first day you meet somebody, even if it's ideal from. This is something that you get to know them. They understand how to go through getting out on off this stability ball and then you can easily add in that stretch if appropriate. Yes, thank you to that Marty. And I wanted to go back to a point that both of you made regarding having static stretching in a phase five program. And I just want to give the listeners a permission to expand their thinking regarding applique because with any athlete, depending on how they've recovered from about a vector size, if they're in phase five static stretching is totally fine to get them into the the ideal, their ideal range of motion before we start moving at greater intensities like we would do in dynamic stretching. So, there's nothing having static stretching there isn't counter to phase five programming. Especially what we'll follow up with. Yeah, exactly exactly. It all depends on how you stack your exercises. And I don't see in the program that you have gone to a max deadlift after the ending hamstring stretch. So when you're doing this, she tried to convince me, but I wouldn't have glad you I'm glad you ran her in because that would have caused great confusion today. Okay, so what are we doing for activation now? Okay, so now that we've actually linked them to you know muscles that are going to be overactive, then of course we want to focus again on core imbalance or in this this tone is the activation section. So Marty and I just to talk about the bridge, the standing banded hip abduction as well as standing single leg dumbbell, cobra and of course we're going to do one lap per set. So Marty, do you want to kind of talk us through that? Absolutely. So what we want to do is we want to pick some progressive build up to what's going to be coming. So it's that transition now. It's time to get their body moving, but focus really again on getting their core activated in their balance. So I and Wendy both like to start with the bridge. We're not going to put them on a single leg quite yet. Could you reverse these exercise rounds? Yes, would we say there's a problem with it? No, but the way Wendy and I put it together is before we put them on a single leg. Let's get their glutes fired up. We just did some stretching. Could you do the single leg exercise first? Yes, you can, but just kind of again going from easy to more challenging. We're going to start with the glute bridge. So that way glutes are firing, their core is firing, then from there obviously that's also an active stretch of their hip flexors. Then we stand up. Then we're going to sing a leg exercise. So the hip abduction is great, getting that glute media's to fire. And now again, think about the stance leg. We're not only focused solely on the leg that's going into abduction. We're focused on the other side of the body as well too. Can they maintain their balance? Can they keep their core engaged? Even guys focus on the chin and the head and neck. If they're putting their head forward and you're focused on lower body, you're missing some of their core. You're missing a sign in a signal that they may not be as balanced as you need. So you might want to progress maybe to where they hold on gently to something. Or like I always say, put your hand on and maybe just a finger. I also like to have people near something. In case they start double, they feel safe. I feel safe that they can grab on. Now, I've had the privilege of training countless different people that fall on this category and I really love watching them progress. Some of them, you know, I've trained men that are 64 to 50. I don't know them stumbling in me having to try to maintain their balance for them. Always think about giving them that exit strategy. We talked about that last week as well. Put them by something that is stable, that's not going to, you know, cause an injury if they grab onto it. Nothing that's moving first or where another person in the gym might be using a piece of equipment and somebody gets their hand pinch. So just think about that when you set them up in the gym for this. And then obviously the single leg cobra now we're firing up those muscles that do the protraction, retraction, I'm sorry, retraction and depression of the scapula. Again, a great way to get the core stabilizers involved and then the glute on the leg that they're standing on. So these are some of our favorites. There's other exercises you could put in there as well. But just give any of the explanation of why we chose them in the order that we did the glute bridge first. Okay. So let's go ahead and talk about SACU. SACU, a just agility is very important for any population. But tell us, you picked what you picked for this block. So oftentimes we hear trainers mention that if you have a senior population, you should not be playing a metric exercises or you can do any SACU at all. And it's actually the opposite. If your client can remove it in all planes of motion, then you should absolutely speed them up. However, when we usually see things such as the speed ladder and you're doing different types of patterns in the ladder, what we may see is fast or we'll be as slow, maybe really fast for them. So again, when you're showing them the patterns, they have to really think of what they're doing, which is great, neurology. Their body has to respond to that and perform the pattern correctly. And then you want to feed it up. So you know, be simple, most to start, you're going to notice we have MP, which stands for multi-planar. So we could have do just walking one step in each box as fast as they can, turn around and come back. And then two feet in each box, turn around and come back. And then the NN out out, you know, to how to get some frontal plane movement. And then eventually get them into some transverse motions in different types of patterns. Again, we move in all three planes. You still want to train the senior population in all three planes. Again, you saw the fall stats that we talked about in the very beginning. And you know, it's the sixth-leading cause of death. And some of 65 years are older. And that's absolutely scary. So you want to help minimize the chances of them falling and strengthening the correct muscles to help keep them up right. So those to do a full ladder speed ladder. Again, you guys determine what patterns make sense for your clients. And then start them out walking through it, then eventually get them to go faster. After that, Marty and I have hurdles, multi-planar again. Marty, do you want to talk about why we chose that? So just build off everything when you said it's such an important part. And guys, the only other thing I like to slip in is the cognitive part of this, the accidental exercise. A lot of you, you know, have gone and heard me talk about cognitive is that we're also training their brain simultaneously. And there's so many benefits that come from getting people to have to learn new tasks. And I can tell you that the seniors love this part of training. So, you know, the hurdles are fabulous too because now we're moving again in that added-year-old motion at front plane. And if you're looking at how someone would step over that ladder, again, it's triple flexion. They're going to flex the hip, flex the knee, door to flex. Make sure they do that movement pattern as you would in the lead athlete. Then as they come down, they're applying force down into the ground, like an elite sprinter. And as they transition, they have to stabilize on that leg that they put up over and down on the ground on that, like, so it's a transitional balance. So again, you could have a lot of fun with it, you can play games with it. But it's such an important thing to put into their program. Plus, it's another way to sneak in some cardio-vascular work as well, depending on the rest ratio, to a work-dress ratio you need to provide, as well as the tempo they can go through at. So it's to me, this is a must, and I think it's often skipped too often when we're programming for a seat in your population. And another thing to piggyback, oh sorry, just on top of the hurdles, I'm think about this as well. You'll notice as people start to age when they're walking, start to scoot more than they start to pick their feet up. So this actually starts to incorporate activities of daily living as well by lifting up their feet and really working a lot on their gates and all three planes as well. So just wanted to throw that in. And yeah, I wanted to piggyback on something that you said about parts of X parts of one's worth of what being forgotten. And when do you brought up in the beginning? Sometimes, yes, the causes of falling are intrinsic. You know, you lose, maybe you lose some sensitivity of the mechanical receptors in your feet, shrinking different, you know, you're not getting the same nervous system out of the cause of the spinal canal. But then we have that little factor, the elephant in the room of the extreme factors. And the point that I'm getting at is, have you all ever talked falling progressions? Because that's part of the environment. This we're training, standing up an ideal world, but sometimes the environment makes you ride that pony. And you're going to code on you're going to go down regardless of what you do. So do you add something into SAQ to teach them how I'd that fall out, so they say, stay safe. This is me as the old martial art market. Marty, what do you say? Well, I'm Chuck Limm because again, you know, my round two, I've been thrown down frequently in martial art. So yeah, I had to learn how to fall quickly. Yes, I do put it in. You can kind of against sneak it in. If you think out some of the other exercise where you finally get them to either that elevated mat, which is a recommend putting something in your facility where people don't have to get to the ground. So there's those physical therapy type mats that you know, are plenty wide for one person to train on. And they sit on like a foot or two off the ground. But again, getting people to do even like, you know, partial extension pushups, right? They're learning how to load their wrists and load their shoulders, getting the do modified pushups, right? Because sometimes you fall face down. So again, building that ability to slowly and that's why the stabilization phases, so important. Right? We're starting that there. Then again, you know, if we're depending on your background and you know, what you can bring out of your arsenal, you know, I'll do a lot of things where they're on their mat teaching how to rock. You know, apprentice, you and I would call the turtle in a shell, right? So you're learning how to roll as if an opponent was over you. That's where Knaar had. But again, just teaching somebody how to roll and rock or rolling patterns with some clothes chain exercises for their upper body and wrists. That's so important. And again, often gets overlooked, but you can also create a fall prevention program and put those in there. Or you sneak it into the people that, you know, don't quite accept that this could happen in real life. And again, with even with our S a house to hold type of exercises, you know, or our plyos, all of those are very important. It's just again what skills that you have, where maybe you can grab some of your tools that from from a sports background. Absolutely. Yeah, that's an important part of the S.A.Q. training because just environments living up where in the where we grew up always the chief and I've done that a lot slipping on the ice. Correct. At a very young age, right here in Arizona, people hiking up trails, you know, hitting a, hitting a divot, sliding on some loose rock. You know, those things can happen. So you need to learn how to absorb like you both said in the beginning so that you can stay safe throughout the entirety. I did it. I did it. I did it in the gym. The other day I was there was two sets of battling ropes and four of these houses are a little distracted. I stepped over and I hit the final rope. My ankle tweaked without, again, subconscious. That didn't have time to think about it. There's no way that I would have been able, oh, I think my ankle is going into massive inversion. I'm just half-end in no injury, nothing but it becomes from the repetitiveness of all these semifzure sides that we always put in. So if we're only doing legages, leg extension, you know, those have a place too, but that wouldn't have helped me in that situation. All right. Yes. Thank you, that's an important discussion about quaralling when training your senior clients and it's absolutely important that they need to do quiet S.A.Q. That's just you're just giving them keys to better quality of life. And yes, the other thing too, Prentice, you and I could throw on as if appropriate in your facility. I know we have the cloning this issue is training out of your shoe at some point in time to get that foot truly connected from a neurological standpoint. Claire, I think people with this, you know, cloning this thing now may not be the time to experiment that in the gym, but you know, for consideration, there is a place in time to do some of these exercises without a shoe on if you can. And yeah, just think about that. That's also a good thing. And like the most direct analogy you can think of is playing the piano or the guitar, like a guitar player, in those nice thick, north-face gloves. You're not going to. You're not going to. You don't know anything about that living in Atlanta. So, but those really thick, north-face gloves for sub-zero attempts. You don't have the sensitivity to know what you're doing with your hands and to some degree shoes, shoes function, but super thick shoes function in the same way. So, if they're orthopedically cleared to do something like that, train put when the situation is proper to do so, as you're saying, Marty, I take a couple of opportunities over the course of your training time to train bare feet. Okay, so now let's move on to resistance training. Tell us what you did and why you did it. Well, just before we actually do that, we actually have prisoner squat. And I want to just to step back before we go into that. And the main thing is, I think, of prisoner squat. It's again, they think of it as a very dynamic exercise. And Marty and I actually have our seniors do this the exact same way. So, Marty, do you want to talk about how we would set up a squat really quick before we go into resistance? Yep, so again, going to this squat, feet hit with a part. We're looking for that ideal motion, form and technique, right? Limit their depth and limit the speed according to what they can do. But what we like about in one of the nicest, is I don't know why I feel like I have to try to demonstrate it with the hands on their head if they can. They're going to get up on their tiptoes and you could even have them pause there. And then they just lower themselves at a speed that is dynamic. It doesn't have to be a drop. And you don't even have to do. We're not looking for a jump squat. It's just up on their tiptoes and then lower themselves at a speed that feels appropriate for them. And I always like to do build-ups. So I tell people, hey, guys, we got 12 reps. First three, I want slow and controlled. Next three, pick it up, you know, 25% next three, pick up 25% more. The last three might be the only three that are truly dynamic, but that's okay for an individual like this. Or that's someone that's a rock star like Wendy was talking about. All 10 or 12 can be at a fast tempo under control that's appropriate for them. But you're getting that triple extension, you're getting that triple flexion and the ability to not only accelerate themselves, but really decelerate themselves under control, of course. Yeah. And again, if they can't leave the ground, that's fantastic. Again, you have been working with this individual for 12 weeks. So they may feel comfortable with that. But again, how high they jump and you know, we're not looking for some crazy vertical from, you know, this type of individual. But if they feel comfortable leaving the ground great, but just know that that is a fantastic alternative as well as Marty just said to toes and then down to the ground. But then after we, you know, we've got ready to go. I mean, so again, think of it as an extreme warm up for the superset. And again, a phase five is a superset that is a strength exercise followed and paired with a speed exercise utilizing the same muscle groups or the same pattern. And so we're still going to follow that, but you're going to notice instead of being, you know, as fast as possible for both, we actually put like a one zero, one tempo for the strength. And so that's another reason we call it kind of a hybrid because we did take into consideration this type of client and, you know, what's in the best interest for them? Again, you're going to individualize your program, but that's why when you say it on the template that it looks different than what you're normally seeing in the textbook, that's the rationale why we did that. So to begin, Marty and I, I'm chose as standing staggered stance cable chest press and we paired that with a medicine ball chest pass and he has no rebound written down and we'll discuss why those would be a great pair. So we like to stack gives them, you know, a nice basis of support to be able to move a little bit more weight, but also really makes them focus on their lumbar pelvic hip complex still in their core. And then the reason we chose to no rebound is a lot of people can accelerate something, but if it's a rebound or those things, you can't really modulate the speed back. Generally speaking, it's going to come back faster than most people might want that aren't really in that athletic phase yet. So we decided that just for an example, they accelerate as much as they want. I'm going to roll it back to them. Or I might take two steps in and toss it to them so they're only decelerating a portion of what they're accelerating. That's fine. It's a beginning part of this down the line. Yes, I'd love for them to be able to absorb more of that energy that goes back to our falls. The more of their body weight they can absorb, the better it is if they fall and can catch themselves. So this is just the first time. So I'm not going to be blasting it back to a high speed. Yep, and then we would then go right into a standing row and then follow that up with the banded speed row. So we chose these because no one we love growing, you know, anything that gets that posture. But then maybe they're not ready for overhead medicine ball throw anything that that is a that aggressive. So bands are a good bridge to a full power exercise. So straight up, yes, it's not full power development. Some of your motion has to be in deceleration, right? You can't fully pull on a band the entire movement. We understand that. But getting a band row going still is teaching our nervous system to move more quickly. It's safe. We don't have to worry about a medicine ball. We don't have to worry about anything like that. We can get them right into it, increase their capacity of asking their band. And it's going to be safe for them. Could we eventually move to something else that is a true 100% power movement? Yes, they can be. But again, this is better than ignoring the power phase completely for a senior. And then we would finish with the modified lines and then pair that up with a speed step up. Yeah. So again, when we say modified lunch, what does that mean? It means is good of form as they can control to a depth they can control. Do we care if they go down all the way to a full lunch at no? And a lot of people say, well, why even bother lunging? Well, if you look at how seniors may need to get up and off the ground, they're not going to do it as nimbley as we would. They might get on to hold something and then slowly lower themselves down into a modified lunch and they won't even realize it. So let's why not build that into their program for them. Now, as we progress, maybe the depth does get lower and maybe they don't even have to hold onto something. So modified could be the depth and or holding onto something. Either work. Maybe you do it with a TRX or suspension training and they're holding on and they you stop their depth. So a lot of different ways you can do the modified. The key thing on the modified is it's not full depth and they might be holding onto something for a little bit of balance. Totally fine. And then a speed step up. You guys know that again, you have multiple ways to do step ups in your facility. It could be as small as a two inch rise or four inch six inch eight inch. Probably no need to do a higher than a standard height of a stare that they're going to face. And again, a speed step up to them could be really slow to up. That's fine. Single leg, keep the front leg on the step is the way I like to do it so they're not. Once they have their foot there, they know where it's at and they don't have to keep putting it up there. And then it's how quick can they come up and touch with the other toe. Again, we want full posture. Don't let them do it, you know, slow them down if they're getting all the way to full extension. And again, no problem having them hold on. It's just, are they able to get their central nervous system working a little bit quicker than if you never addressed it? That's a good idea. Science choice, of course, we have triceps, which Marty and I discussed this in detail. When you can, you can discuss this because being the female, this was your client's choice. Well, yes. Well, you're going to say, you know, you know, you've ever had an advanced age individual come in. One of the biggest complaints from a female, especially is that they start losing, you know, their muscle triceps. And so they start jiggling and they don't like it. They call them old lady arms. And so, you know, oftentimes we all care at any age, what our arms look like. But as you continuously get older, we all notice that you start to lose some of your muscle mass. And then, fortunately, that's one that's visible. So, triceps are super important. So, we put them in the permit. That's our rationale. Hi. Okay. And what I want to do really quickly, I'm going to make a really long statement. So, bear with me, just want to point out like the mastery, the art of the program design. And this is where I'm going with. Kurt Thomas is some of you may know, just the past way, untimely. I think that was Kurt Thomas with the gymnast, with the cerebral, cerebral injury, vascular injury. And I had a friend actually passed a way a year ago today. A year ago the day was very biologically young, very active. But had an undetected, you know, undetected vascular issues. Everything checked out normally on his, on his history. So, what I was getting at is normally in phase five, we have one to five repetitions. But sometimes, you know, in the intent of course, relative, but that requires, sometimes, a file-solve on the new group to help you get past that, that sticking point. So, can you just speak to, and you just speak to that is something that you would want to recognize and know the real client. And modify the intensity exactly the way you've done is template. Marty, do you get what I'm, we're talking about. Absolutely. Absolutely. So, again, remember how at the beginning, I said, let the model work for you. So, again, as we start to go through the model, you're going to be working on building up their stability, working up on their mobility, in combination with how they control movements and ready to handle load. And part of that should be the entire time you're working on breathing techniques. Well, you're teaching them when to exhale. Now, as the load gets higher, it's going to be even more important. But in all honesty, the first time into the phase five, do I really care that they're doing five reps? No, I, right now, that's not the time. The time is to transition them. We, the model's written in a perfect world scenario. So, we don't train in a perfect world scenario. But it does mean you can't use the science and then continue on the model then tweak it. So, if I'm working with the senior population and everything's checked out and I'm just about to bring them into this phase, I'm going to start with a higher repetition range. And then when he said, I'm going to control the tempo to what I feel is most appropriate for that individual to this time. As they show me the ability to progress, as they show me that they can control these workouts, as they show me that they now know how to do everything, including the proper breathing techniques I may choose to increase the load and decrease the weight. But you'd really have to give me the reason why, you know, you know, now again, I've trained clients in their mid-60s that they work on cars is a hobby. Well, they might pick up a tire or a battery or this or that. So, I might say, okay, maybe they're more conditioned or I need to condition them for this. But if they've had spinal fusion, if they've had arthritis, you know, and, you know, chronic or knee replacement, I might be like, there's no need ever to get them to that amount of load. So, again, there's, you've got some gray area to play in there. The models written in a perfect world scenario, but don't be afraid to hybrid it for any population. We're talking about seniors today. It's just you have to be able to justify the reason you put in what you put in, but there's nothing wrong with going towards a phase and just tweaking it. So, it makes common sense for the individual working with. But if you're going to go towards those heavier loads, you have probably going to want to limit range of motion, you know, there's nothing wrong. Maybe a modified deadlift where you're using the platforms where they're only picking it up maybe from a chair height if you feel the need, right? What's the odds that I'm having to pick it up from the ground? So, once again, you're just going to hybrid the movement, maybe not the phase. So, it just really comes down to common sense and making sure that you're only doing it because it's going to benefit the client and it's the right time in their program to add that and that all the boxes are checked so that the way they can do it with perfect execution for them and safety is the most and the only thing that we really need to focus on. So, I hope I addressed what you were getting you did you addressed it perfectly and that's just simply the you're there to work with the individual using the model. You're not trying to pitch and hold them into the the acute variables of a particular phase and you have to do what's right for the person in front of you. So, thank you for that explanation. I think we're ready to cool down now. So, what it we do and why did we do it? So, yeah, I mean you'll notice that there's not a lot of change in and what we chose for the formal. Again, we would take the same considerations in, but if we know that they could formal and they didn't in the beginning, they definitely could do at the end or as Marty mentioned the vibration tools. If you want to use like something such as like a hypervolt or or some kind of gun on them and it's safe and they like it. Feel free again, it needs to make sense and they need medical clearance to do so. And then we would finish with static stretch and again you'll notice that we chose the calves, the standing hip flexor this time, lads and the wall, uh, hex and Marty, do you want to talk about that? The key thing again, just the reason we did it the beginning is these muscles tend to be overactive for most people, especially a senior population. We know that they have it for a propensity to get tighter. We know what happens is we age, we lose, uh, less of our hydration and our muscles. So, you know, we're definitely going to spend time inhibiting and then also stretching out those muscles that again, would put their joints in any type of stress. They're going to feel it more than we might. You know, even if we're having some muscular balance is right now at our age, you know, for all of us here on, we might not feel it yet, but, you know, at time that you can get your clients, especially that senior population, their joints back into their ideal position. You have absolutely decreased the amount of stress placed on the articular cartilage in the bone and all the things that tend to cause pain. So, that's why it's so important for us to make sure we finish with that ideal cool down, which is going to work on those muscles that will put people into bad posture. Okay. That was perfect explanation. This was a really good program and it really, I go back to what I said earlier. It shows us the art, how to use the model. And it's not just, uh, it's not just a one to one trying to plug someone into the book. You have to be able to play with that gray area to build the best possible program for any demographic. So, thank you both for this slide education. It's been fun. So, now while we're waiting for questions, if there are any questions, please ask them. Now we are backing up to the hour. So, uh, want to make sure we get, uh, your questions answered before these good people have to go on about their days. So, Marty, what are your, what are your big takeaways for today? And of course, tell us where we can find you. Certainly, the key thing, I think it's a privilege to be able to train a senior population because when you see what you can do with them and really how the model wants again is there to guide you right through it. And when you want what you're going to change their lives from simple things like they're going to come in and get excited about how they can go to the grocery store and carry their groceries or get down on the ground and play with their grandchildren. This is great for whoever you're helping. But sometimes you just get these emotional connections when you really see that something what you take is simple is brought back into somebody's life. So, don't pigeon home as you said, practice, make sure that you go through the model, get creative, get be fun with it and just make sure that you hit all the phases in the appropriate way. And then to get a hold of me, you see my email there, Marty Diller at nsm.org, and I forgot to tell Wendy, I did a change on my Instagram to make it more applicable to what my background is because I made this a long time ago. Is it DR for Dr. Dott Marty Miller 72? So, I apologize that that is not print directly. So, it's DR dot Marty Miller 72. Okay, and Wendy, you have the lab. I mean, Marty just said it perfectly. I think the big thing is, is when you do have a senior and they get excited, you know, learn to train all populations. But, you know, this senior population is very rewarding. I think, you know, keep in mind there are seniors that are running full marathons. And at my age, I struggle doing that. So, again, don't just assume because they're old that they're not capable of really being challenged. So, I think, you know, do what you do, meaning get the objective or objective and so, of information that's kind of really help design the best program for any type of population, and seeing your population have fun with them. And, you know, just make sure that it makes sense and don't be afraid to do some adjustments phase if it's going to benefit the client long term. And, and you can contact me at Wendy dot bats at n-a-s-m-dot-org. And, my Instagram is not even on there. So, I don't know what happened to this slide, but you used me at Wendy bats 13. So, sorry about that, guys. You've heard people when the feed does not want you reaching out to her on Instagram. Well, thank you for those who have to answer and were able to spend some time with us. Thank you as always, Marty and Wendy for sharing your knowledge and your experience with us. It's always insightful. And, thank you, great for flying the ship today. And, we will see you next time every day care, be safe. Bye-bye.