Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NASM Live Optimal Online. My name is Prentice and I am here with Kevin Longoria, the Chief Science Officer of BioStrap and Custell, National Man of Mystery. How are you gentlemen doing today? Doing great. Okay. Very well. Thank you. All right. And as always, we are here with Greg, our loser who's making everything run smoothly in the background and just be sure to, as we go through this webinar today, you can ask questions along the way. We will have a Q&A at the very end of the webinar. So we are talking today about, we're continuing our discussion about HRB and we're using data to drive our programming today. So we are getting signs from the tell-tale heart to give us information into what we should put or how we should structure our programming today. So let's go ahead and go to the next slide. Okay. So today it's very simple. We're going to do a very brief review of some of the things we talked about in the previous two webinars. We're going to go through three case studies and have some Q&A at the end. There will be a promotion for one of the NASM courses and the medical breeder, which the name is escaping me right now. And for those of you who hang on until the end, we are going to give away the CES course. We're going to give away the new CES course. So we want to hang on, you want to hang on for that at the end. So any questions, gentlemen, any comments before we get going? None for me. All right, let's get going. All right, let's get it going. So let's go to the next slide. And so just a very brief review of basic heart rate, heart rate variability is telling us honestly, listen to our hearts and let that give us some information on how the program Kevin, can you just briefly, briefly, how like what HRB is and how we can how we're going to use that for better outcomes in our training? Yeah, definitely. Healthy heart is not a metronome, right? We still look at these EKG, think beats for us both to fall very consistently. But we now know every time you breathe in, heart rate should speed up a little bit when you breathe out, it should slow down. This little number allows us to objectively quantify our nervous system. And when utilized properly is one of the most valuable tools you can utilize to objectively assess somebody's recovery, they're readiness to perform. As well as our physiological adaptations, how we can show improvements in both health and performance. Okay, great. Thank you. And now that's perfect, that summarizes everything that's going to give us the information we need to do some programming today. And let's go ahead to the next slide. And these are some of the influences on HRB. So let's talk about each of these briefly, but specifically, what are some of the influences that nutrition and I know that you're going to mention gut health for later Kevin, what are some of the influences that nutrition and hydrate have on your HRB? This is at the top for a reason, nutrition and hydration interventions are one of the most important interventions we can make to influence somebody's heart rate variability. And they're risk of all of the diseases and performance factors that are associated. So when it comes to hydration, just basic, you know, drinking enough water, consistently throughout the day, encouraging things like lymphatic movement through proper movement, regular movement. And then nutrition is really about supporting gut health, keeping inflammation levels low, understanding we can make you the athlete in the world. But if you're chronically getting injured, you're not going to be too happy with our programming. Absolutely. And so next, how does sleep influence HRB? Sleep is the second most important, certainly. This is really when we're going to see the improvements in our HRB throughout the evening. Throughout the day, we accumulate stress. Sleep is our opportunity to recover a gap and form, you know, useful adaptations to that stress. So this is really understanding sleep is not as simple as sleeping, laying your head on a pillow for eight hours a day. It's about consistency, avoiding blue light, really optimizing different components of your sleep. And with that comes the need for data. Now, the bad sleeper doesn't tell us enough, we need to understand why they're a bad sleeper and we need to know how to fix it. Sure. And really quickly because sleep is, I think, what we understand as a laypeople is poorly understood. So just a couple of things that we should, what are some things that we can do very quickly that will influence have a positive influence on our sleep? Big one is avoiding too much blue light throughout the day. So we want to wear something like blue light blocking glasses or even better, just limit our screen time, a little natural sunlight in the morning is great for kind of getting that little melatonin surge. Really one of the most important is having a night time routine, really making sure that our body is able to produce melatonin naturally, everything from brushing your teeth, laying down to trying to fall asleep and waking up the following day at the same time is all part of our circadian rhythm. The body works on a 24 hour cycle, whether we like it or not, and it's better to work with it than against it. Okay. Again, sir. So in the previous webinar, Kevin, you had mentioned that the the deleterious effects of alcohol could last several days. When it comes to something like sleep, let's say one of your pretty good routine and one to two nights get completely messed up for whatever reason and athlete. Let's say that a way game or whatever, does it have the same sort of a long lasting effect along lasting a negative effect over several days or as soon as you get right back to your routine, do you just get back to baseline? I don't know if that question makes sense. It did it does. Yeah, there is a concept of sleep debt. You know, if you skip say a full 24 hour sleep cycle, you can't necessarily just sleep eight hours the following day and get right back to baseline. So there's a little compensatory phase where you may need to sleep more, not necessarily eight plus eight. But there is definitely a lasting impact. What we see there is you're able to actually make up from sleep deprivation, a lot faster than sleep inhibition through something like alcohol or substance abuse. Thank you. Okay. And then, so yeah, for that, and that actually did answer a follow-up question that I have. So thank you again, Kyle. So then stress management, how does, so first of all, how does stress or chronic stress longer than it's useful because stress is necessary for us to go through one in various areas of our lives. And stress is cease to be useful. What effect does that have on our autonomic nervous system? Stress is most directly related to our cardiovascular function where we're generally going to see increased blood pressure, decreased cardiac output. And this just has systemic effects. Now our nervous system has to work much harder to deliver the same amount of oxygen and nutrients throughout our body. So stress is correlated with cardiovascular disease undoubtedly, but all the comorbidities that come with that. So stress management is all really about finding what works best for you. Whether that be listening to some music, hitting the gin, great cathartic act for most of us, or just taking a few minutes to focus on your breathing, things some positive thoughts. All of these things have been clinically validated to improve heart rate variability. Okay. And then just continue along that thought-nettle take us very nicely into point four. What is it? How does breathing influence our autonomic nervous system? And what are some things we can do to train that? A lot of the nervous system comes down to how well we can utilize oxygen. What we see in most populations across the board is that we're not very good breathers. We're generally born really good breathers and we regress to kind of chest breathing. We lose that diaphragmatic breathing. So anything you can do from exercise and proving your aerobic capacity to things like respiratory muscle training to strengthen your inspiratory, expi-capacity as well as these muscles and strengthen all of these kind of breathing under costals. All of these things are going to have a positive impact on your nervous system, your sleep and your recovery. Okay. And then Kyle for you going to bring you in. So when we talk about regeneration strategies and we see the other part of our venn diagram on the right, how does movement proper or improper movement influence our autonomic nervous system? The owner, we look at proper and improper movement. Improper movement. So movement that's going to apply more stress to the body than it needs or than it's ready for. So one of the things we'll talk about today or one of the things we have talked about is readiness. So you know your body can be ready for a certain level of activity, a certain intensity of activity. And if you go beyond that, what your body is ready for today, that could be you know deleterious or it could not be, it could be beyond what your body is capable of adapting to for that day. So that's going to be negative movement and that's also more likely going to send you into a bit more of a stress response. Whatever we look at proper movement or movement that you're, when we say proper and improper, you know, of course we can look at form and we could call something improper. But here for this I'm talking more about a level of intensity that you're ready for. So something that is within that readiness window, if we want to call it that, that's going to be, it's going to increase blood flow. It should be relaxing. It should help with some of that, you know, it could help with some of the stress management improving blood flow. We, the muscles to pumping and flushing out metabolic waste. So all of those types of things there could be an advantageous to be what I would call proper movement, right intensity at the right time. Okay. So I think that sets the case for us nicely. We want to monitor all of these four factors because they are going to have an influence on heart rate variability. And also some of the outcomes that we're looking for for our clients in the training setting. So now let's go ahead and get into these case studies. We, we're going to talk about Bob. We want to know what about Bob. He's a CEO. He obviously, he comes with a high stress, high stress situation. He's working 50 hours a week. He's sitting for long periods of time. He drinks, while five cups of coffee a day. I'm a coffee drinker. It looks like Bob's not that motivated. So Kevin, can you explain, well, any sleep, five to six hours a night, but can you talk to us about the other two bullets and how that's going to influence our programming? What are some things that we, we know? What, what can we learn with these two bullets here? Yeah, so the five to six hours sleep is probably pretty generous for Bob. What we see here is just his, he's prioritized work over his health, right? So he's not even probably heard of a metric like heart rate variability. He's not getting his regular physical activity. So while he may feel like he's optimal cognitive function wise because he may be doing well in work, he's not optimal. And this is what we're going to focus on developing a prioritization model as a function of our client. We have to understand their wants, their needs, and their goals. And we're going to develop a program that's very realistic, but kind of matches the idealistic approach as well. Of course, we would like to get Bob doing rigorous exercise, doing high-intensity interval training. Bob probably isn't going to do that. So what we need to understand is how to relate to him and how to get him to prioritize health. He just kind of chopping away until we get him to a threshold where maybe he will adopt a bigger lifestyle change. Okay, great. So now let's see what you did for Bob. Let's go to the next slide and talk a little bit about his wellness program. So you'll see with all of these, they start with education. And this is really what I want to dive into. And I don't want to generalize here. I've worked with many corporate executives, and I've always tried to make the case of, you know, you're working so hard to make all of this money, but are you going to be able to enjoy this money when it's all over? You want to live long enough to enjoy all of that. So try and prioritize your health a little bit. That tends to not be that effective surprisingly. So what I found with this population is you have to show them how this lifestyle change, how health is going to make them better at their job. So this for Bob is going to be cognitive performance. So we want to cite some research around low heart rate variability is independently associated with worse short and long term memory. So let's get you a little more active, sleeping a little better. We're going to get your heart rate variability up and now you're going to be able to remember things better for that next meeting. Or other studies have shown that this increases the likelihood of dementia and stroke. We don't necessarily want to always take this fear-based approach, but sometimes I can get clients motivated. A very strong correlation also exists between prefrontal sub-cortical decision making. So to get very simple there, this is the executive decision making part of our brain, how we can quickly and flexibly respond to environmental factors. These guys need to be able to make a decision, a very important one on the spot. Heart rate variability increases your ability to make these types of decisions. So we just really want to relate to him, his specific needs and his goals before we even start talking about the program. Okay, so now let's and Kyle, do you have any questions about that? I don't know. Okay, so let's start with his interventions. Obviously the five cups of coffee a day, probably not ideal for anyone. What did you do? What did you do recommend to him regarding his hydration? So number one, we just talk about trying to improve our hydration and possibly cut out a little bit of that coffee. I have met with many clients who say, you know, I put water in my coffee. That's a true story. A lot of people think that they're actually getting fluid intake from that one. Really, we understand caffeine is a diuretic. It's not only is this not working towards your hydration goal, it's actually working against it. So there's some research to show, even with the caffeine. Maybe it's hard to pull that out of his diet, but just by adding a liter of water per day, we've shown about a 12% increase in heart rate variability over one month. So let's just get him drinking a little bit more water, right? We don't want to impede on your lifestyle. Let's get you drinking a little more water. See if you feel any different. Then when it comes to the nutrition, Bob probably travels quite a bit. Maybe he eats at some nice restaurants, maybe he's eating high quality food. So what we should really focus on here is the don't eats. And this kind of includes the beverages as well. Now let's let's start on cutting out a little bit of the gluten or those starchy carbohydrates. And let's try and get a little bit more of these phytonutrients, right? Let's play the rainbow with our vegetables a little bit. Let's now let's try and avoid dairy and soy. So with this population, I specifically see instead of trying to completely revamp a nutrition program, really phase base. Let's take this out. Let's take this out because we know they will feel better. They're going to feel that decrease inflammation, but they're also going to see their numbers increase. Bob's a competitive guy. That's where how we got where he is today. So when he's seeing that little recovery score and sleep score increase, he's going to be more motivated. Yep. So on the nutrition, would you recommend a particular meal? One to two meals per day that would include the don't eats or don't eat all across the board. So don't eat, you don't eat the gluten for example, all day long or would it be for dinner, let's start by cutting out this or this. What I found to be more sustainable as opposed to say a two out of three meal type of approach is more of a five out of seven day approach. Let's be good five days a week and two days a week go live your life. And I personally, I don't have much research to back that up, but we all need flexibility for sustainability, right? So I found, especially if you're eating that bad meal right before bed every single night, you ate great during the day, but that bad meals right before bed. Now we're disrupting your sleep in your recovery. So I'd rather get five really good days. Let you see this increase. Now you cheat over the weekend and now you're intrinsically feeling bad because you see your scores go down. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's important to stress that a lot of times whenever we go in super hard core and try to initiate some of these changes very quickly with any client, you know, a lot of times it can turn them away from the program. So it's better to try to ease into it just like you're saying and try to get them to make some good decisions and that will hopefully motivate more good decisions whenever they start to see their numbers improve. Exactly. Cool. So the next thing we want to talk about with Bob is circadian consistency. With this population trying to get them to sleep more is not always going to be effective because they have work to do. They're not going to sacrifice their work first sleep. So what we want to focus on is Bob, let's just try and at least sleep at the same time every single day. Now let's maybe try and turn that computer off for an hour or two before bed. Avoid some of that blue light. Let's try and get you in bed by midnight every single night and you can wake up at 5 6 a.m and get right back to work. But we want to focus on this consistency. Once again, hopefully Bob follows it. We want to reinforce him for that. But he's going to see these little scores. We have a little circadian score 0 to 100 and it's consistency factors going to just that alone is going to reinforce him. Okay. And really, I wanted to go back to to to don't needs. Now is the is the reason and this is more of a question about semantics because we eventually want our clients to not eat certain things and favor of others. But is the way you frame that have to deal with his his position and his mindset. So if I tell, you know, most people not. Instead of asking them will you consider doing this behavior instead? Yeah, it's all part of the phase based program. So if we can start with pooling things out. Yeah. Now we're going to start pushing some things in as well. So once again, it's all just about sustainability and if we're switching foods out for foods they don't like trying to get them to have kale instead of a potato within her, they're probably not going to follow it. But maybe we can just pull that bad thing out. Start to get them to feel good and then they're going to want to make better decisions. They're going to start to trust you when they see that these interventions you're making hard in fact moving the needle for their health and performance. Now they might be more likely to listen to you with the add-ins. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you for that. And then finally on his interventions we're talking about hourly, you know, hourly movement. So if you have someone, I want to hear this strategy. You have someone who's someone who's singularly focused on achieving their goals. Have you given them all every hour to do something? So with our wearable, we have some luxuries right. We have a little algorithm, their activity score that does factor hourly movement in. So they're going to hopefully compete for that little number. But there's also these little insights, right? We can send them a notification if they haven't got X number of steps for the last few hours. You as the trainer can log in and see their data anytime real time. You can see right now has Bob gotten up and taken steps for the last few hours and you send them a little text message. But once again, it all just comes down to Bob. Let's start slow. Let's get you moving a little bit more often. Try to, you know, not sit in that chair, hunchback for six hours straight. Let's get up. Let's stretch a little bit. Let's breathe. This is going to actually help you with your work. You're going to get a little stress relief and you're going to be more cognitively focused. And then they're going to start to just hopefully see some improvements in other aspects of their health as well. OK, great. Thank you for those. Thank you for those explanations. And before we get into your area of expertise, Kyle, do you have any questions or comments about these interventions so far? Just a quick comment on the hourly movement. So whenever I was doing my, my doctoral work at university, there was a professor there that he decided to set up a little study with the administrative staff. And what he got the university to buy them all standing desk. And this was, you know, unpublished, very unofficial. He just kind of wanted to see what would happen. He got the university by the most standing desk. And they wrote up a walking program. And I forget the specifics. I don't know how long they were standing. I don't know how often they were walking. But it was supposed to be, I believe they were going to track this over six weeks and see what kind of changes remain. And it turned out that nobody made it to six weeks because their feet started hurting to bad from all the standing and walking. So the point of that story there is whenever we, whenever we see things like hourly movement, we have to keep in mind that if we're taking a population that's been sitting, you know, on their, on their rear working for, you know, in some cases 20, 30 years basically, we want to make sure we're not throwing them into something to where they're standing at their desk for hours per day. And they're walking and they're doing these things. Just like everything else, just going to ease them into it and just encourage them to stand for a little bit to take a few steps to walk around the building one time, you know, just small, small steps there. So we're not really throwing them to the other end of that spectrum of moving so much that they start to get painful feet. Okay, I'll spend now speaking of painful feet and doing too much too soon in driving in poor movement habits. What are we going to do regarding is let's go back to the last slide and tell us what you did. Tell us why you chose this particular corrective exercise protocol. Yeah. So first of all, whatever we look at corrective, it's important to understand that we, we they start corrective strategy is off of a comprehensive movement assessment. So we have our systematic approach where we start with static posture. We work through the transitional assessments and then we do range emotion. So we're making some assumptions here. Whenever you're working with this population, we would encourage you to go through that assessment flow and make sure that we're designing the program that is best for them. Here we're making some assumptions based on his levels of stress and the picture that we just looked at. So what we want to do is a quick and concise corrective program, something that Bob can do in his office within a minute. So we're looking at something that's around 10 minutes, maybe a little bit less, maybe a little bit more depending on how quickly he moves through these. So we want to start off with trying to relax some of the upper body. So whenever we look at our four phases, we have inhibit, which we use self-mile-facial rolling or self-mile-facial techniques, phone rolling, whatever we want to call it. So we want to inhibit and that's going to essentially down regulate those muscles. So it's going to basically turn them off a little bit. Then we're going to try to add a little bit of extensive building with some lengthening techniques. Those are going to be for our muscles that we identify as being short and overactive. Then we'll look at some activation. So this is kind of the opposite where you can think of it as being upregulating or activating turning these muscles on. That's going to provide us some stability. Then we're going to finish that up with integration. And this is going to be just like the name implies there within integration. We're going to coordinate some movement patterns. These are the total body for, for Bob here. We just have a couple of upper body things. But looking going back to inhibit, so the first thing I would have to do, I would encourage Bob to get some sort of a rolling device. So it could be a softball. It could be a massage ball. It could be if Bob's real fancy, maybe invest in one of those percussion devices. And we would want to use that. Let's see which had a massage ball. If he gets up against the wall to try to get into his peck, so he can get into the peck minor there, which applying some pressure, we can see that these are also done in a standing or seated position. So that way Bob doesn't really have to lay out on the floor of his office to do this. So we want to release or inhibit the peck on the wall. And then if he had that same massage ball, maybe he has two massage balls or the crossballs. While he's seated in his chair, he could position those right in the thoracic spine and lean back into it. That's going to those muscles. They're usually aren't overactive, but that's going to help get him a little bit of the rastic extension helping open up here in the front a little bit. From there, I would ask him how to go over and just do one stretch. So going over to the door, door waste stretch, door when he arms up here, it's great for the peck. But again, it also just kind of helps him open up there and the anterior aspect of the thoracic. That's going to help us breathing as well. Right whenever we leave from that. He can just step away from the door and we'll get into some activation. So standing cobra, he could be kind of a half bent over position and our cobra is really just working on scapular retraction and depression. So once we inhibit and link them the muscles here, then we're going to try to activate by retracting and depressing. The next one I have over there, and I'm going to turn this to do a demonstration, hopefully, a little bookshelf rotation. Again, with the standing, if he has a bookshelf, he can just throw his arm up here and get worked through rotation. This can be activation of the rotator cuff for the just getting some movement there through the shoulder. The reason I would set my arm on the bookshelf here is to try to not get too much activation from that middle deltoid. If we're holding our arm up here, a lot of times that middle delb will kind of lift then off here, I'll lift the humorous there. So if we throw the arm up, we can get that to relax and we can actually get a little bit more out of the rotator cuff. And then the, whenever we get to the activation there, standing scapcion, that's really just going to get us some motion through that scapital thoracic joint and coordinate that with the gleno-aupiermural joint. Scaption raised, thumbs out here. We're typically moving about the same angle of the scapula sits on the posterior aspect of the thoracic, so I'd like to put the thumbs up. So we can just go through a standing scapcion there. If Bob doesn't mind getting a little bit fancy in his office, he could do a single leg scapcion. Let's try to coordinate that a little biter. The last one I put down there is a push-up should be a push-up plus a poor familiar with that, so we're getting a little bit more serratus anterior activation. I put the little star by that because Bob may or may not want to get down on the ground to do his push-up. He could do a little push-up on a wall or he could do any variety of push-ups. That's also going to be another great core activation exercise while he's doing that. Once you're teaching that, again, he should be able to move through those very quickly. This could be something that's eight to ten minutes and that could be his hourly movement or maybe he goes through that one hour and then the next hour he goes for a little walk or something along those lines. Thank you for that. You've actually answered all questions that I had. Now let's move on to case study too. We have someone a little bit different. We have Anne's professional athlete. It looks like she's a professional athlete in my support. When we say that she has repetitive stress, she have repetitive stress injuries from her training or what do we mean by that? Just repetitive motion. So repetitive motion. Okay. Yeah, just front of me up. From the training, increased risk injury. She's significant travel and she's training with a team. Kevin, can you just a little more about her biometrics? What we found there was out there. Yeah, we see that Anne is doing a lot of things right. She has a good VO2 max, even heart rate variability is not bad, but the travel is having a big impact on her sleep and her ability to fall asleep. She trains all day so she has to come back and take care of her, maybe her children at the end. Then, watch her some TV before she goes to bed. All of this, a tombress, not enough for cover enough deep sleep. Seeing that her sympathy portions of her nerves them her stress, outweigh her sympathetic rest digest in recovery. Okay. And just explain, I know that you talked about it, you touched on it very briefly. Just tell us a little bit more about sympathetic dominance. Certainly. So we have those two branches of the nervous system. sympathetic always trying to respond to stress, get everything ready to respond to, you know, dense stressors. And then we have our parasympathetic rest digest in recover. These are constantly playing a game of tug of war, literally at every single heartbeat. Over time our body is going to make adaptations as a portion of our lifestyle. We'll see, for example, smokers tend to be more sympathetic dominant because they're always applying this kind of toxic substance into their bodies. They're bodies always having the stress and kind of recover from that. We see other people with things like adrenal fatigue, right? They've stressed so long for so much that now they're hypothernalist, but to a period of adrenal glands just can't keep up and it's decided to stop doing its job. Now they fall so deep into parasympathetic that there gloomy and mope all the time and they just can't produce energy. So it's really about maintaining the proper balance and understanding that that balance is somewhat of a function of your goal where you're sport. Okay, and just one more quick question before we get into the program about sympathetic dominance in your experience and working with weats. You see any challenges within regarding their gut motility, digestion, elimination. Is that something that would be a sign that we would look out for? 100%. That's why I included this for Ann. This isn't taken from actually one of my athletes that will not. But they tend to be the type, I'll eat whatever I want because I'm high performing and I maintain a healthy body composition anyways. So they're seeing that from a very one-sided perspective, not really understanding how that relates to recovery and injury prevention, right? So they tend to eat just about anything and this really destroys your gut. So while you maybe a great performer, you're not optimal unless your gut is functioning properly. And that's why we'll see that that's going to be one of my first interventions for Ann. Okay, so let's go ahead and get into those interventions. We have Ann on the next slide, please. And while we're waiting for that to come up, Joanne has a question and this would be directed to you, Kevin. And thank you for watching spending time with us today, Jan. She wants to know, is the goal here short-term change of the central nervous system or to create a long-term performance change? Um, obviously the goal is long-term. We always have to take kind of a consideration into the training phase. If we're pre-competition, we have a few weeks before, you know, the big season, we got to do the best. We can to make a short-term yet somewhat sustainable. Other sports like the MMA, for example, we have a fight and then we're off for six or eight months. I'm not taking six months off and then starting or trying to intervene and make long-term changes to the odd and not make, but this is kind of a part of the central nervous system feedback loop. Okay, so now long-term is always the goal. Yeah, definitely long-term. And we'll have, I'm guessing, short-term, some short-term wins, some short, some intervention. We'll have a short-term effect. What are over-go-arrowed to sustain that for a long-term age? All right. So next, let's talk about the program and how you approached education. So with education, obviously this is an elite performer. We can educate on health undoubtedly, but what they're really care about is their performance. With this, we maybe talk about some of the research group. We've covered over the last few weeks. How this is highly related to their imagery, due to its relationship with their inflammatory processes, or how improving how pre-competition stress can actually negatively impact their performance. So we need to now take the same data, luckily these biometrics are so agnostic and we can find a way to actually reinforce them generally on their sports-specific function even. So we want to just relate this to how she's going to perform on the field, on the mat, or whatever that may be, with obviously a little touch on that they have them as well. Okay. Now is this the same personality at our previous case? They're very driven. Yeah, driven, driven, but by different outcomes, right? Yeah, maybe Bob wants to make some money and just wants to perform for the love of this sport, and the money has come with that. Okay. And let's talk about, I know we have mentioned gut mobility and overall digestive health in the discussion or overall discussion in very recently about sympathetic dominance, but let's talk about some of these interventions starting with the gut. The gut restore, so what we do with the bio-strap is we're looking at really specific biometrics of your nervous system. So heart rate variability is good from a high level, but when we can look at your sleep and your different aspects of your nervous system, we develop completely individualized gut restore programs. Here we'll just talk pretty general. Once again, kicking out something like gluten, these athletes believe carbs are their only source of fuel. We know they're in a lot of research shown. It's important to fat oxidation nowadays. So if we can kick out gluten, just a little story of myself, I never really believe that the whole gluten bandwagon, right? I went gluten free for one month, and then I went and had some sweets, and I will never have gluten again. And that is a true story. It had such an impact. I didn't really feel the detoxing from gluten, but when I introduced it back in my diet, I felt like I got hit by a truck. So little things like this where we can show them, you know, remove it, you know, a little elimination phase, go ahead, reintroduce it. This is where they're really going to feel the difference and they're going to make these long term changes. Okay, thanks Kyle. Did you have a question regarding that? No, just thoughts to myself about cutting out gluten. The pizza doesn't have gluten in it, doesn't? Pizza or Mexican food? Pizza or Mexican food? I think that that's all gluten actually. Does new cauliflower pizza crust, I recommend them? Okay, so let's talk about sleep intervention for the martial artist. And, you know, just a funny, funny anecdote, I'm definitely amateur having competed in many, many years, but I still after training session, find myself having this doing these mental gymnastics after training. So, you know, my gosh, should've done this. And, or not that while I was training, sparring with a partner, and just going through this, how do you get the martial artist to calm down before bed? With most of them, I do try and get them to do some sort of post-exercise like a mindfulness meditation. Okay. Your goal is during training, you're going to be sympathetic, but as soon as training's over, you're going to get back into Paris, sympatheticly as you can. In a big part of this is actually the nutrient timing that window of insulin sensitivity, getting back into that antibiotic phase, all of these hormones are related to your nervous system as well. So, a big portion of that nutrition, you know, that breathing or the mindfulness training, but the little things as well, like that night time routine. I have grown men brushing their teeth at the same time every single night and turning their bedroom down to 60 to 67 degrees, whether they feel comfortable in it or not, we show them that these are in fact increasing their sleep biometrics. Okay. And regarding brought up a great point, interesting point about nutrient timing. Now, what's that many of us who are more amateur coming from work into this situation? What is that window of post training to get post training to get nutrition in for to? It's generally defined as 45 minutes. Up to two hours max, but 45 minutes, what I will generally do is about nothing for the first 20 minutes post training because you're so sympathetic anyways, you're not going to digest and everything as well as you can. You know, this 20 to 45 minute window post and this is where you want these really high glycidmic carbohydrates. These ones that would be terrible for you before bed are great for you following training. And then there is this kind of general 4 to 15 to 1 to protein ratio. That's that's pretty well validated. I generally use a little bit of metabolic testing. We look at what they burned and we'll adjust that a little bit, but that's a very important component. Okay. And I'll just explain to us what this what the HRV guided recovery is and how that would work for us. So with this, I like to think of Anne as understand each and maybe she likes how her purpose of therapy device feels or she loves her norm attack, but she skips it a lot. Right? She thinks it works for her, but she doesn't really know for sure. So with this, you start to really reinforce. You know, let's let's do your purpose of therapy. Let's do the pre-training warm-up. Let's do the post recovery. And now you're really going to show her that she's sleeping better. She's recovering better. Using that score, but eventually this is going to translate to feeling better as well. But to this, HRV guided training would be great. Of course, we want to modulate her daily output as a function of a recovery with that team training environment. This has actually been things that have stopped big deals. We've tried to work with many professional teams and they're going to, like, so you're going to tell me one third of my team is not going to train today because they went out and partied and they get the day off because of it. Like, I do get that, right? It's hard to apply individualized training in a team setting, but recovery is pretty individual, right? So when you start to understand how that massage and how that precussive therapy or, you know, maybe that CBD product actually improved your recovery. Now you're going to be a lot more compliant with it. Okay. And you, thanks. And you all, you've already established why breath training is important. But what are some of the protocols of breathing breath training protocols that you would go through with an athlete like Anne? Without a device, we always like to do, you know, really focus on the diaphragm. So, you know, it takes a while to cover all the everything we would talk about in a breath session. But make sure they're breathing properly. Things like triangle or square breathing are very simple without a device. They have, sometimes some good visual cues there as well. But a square breathing, for example, is four second inhale, four second hold, four second exhale, four second hold. You know, generally do about 10 breaths. Take a little break, repeat another 10. And this is taking, you know, a matter of about two minutes. And it's going to have a real time impact on your recovery and heart variability. Okay. Thank you for that. I know, toggling my microphone on and off because there's a lot of noise in the background. And before we continue, Scott has a question regarding sympathetic dominance. And thank you for watching today, Scott. And he wants to know, is there a way to measure sympathetic dominance? Yes, yes, with our device, to the average end user, we'll just usually give them that number. But as a trainer, you're going to have access to the back end. And that's where we look at what's called frequency domain analysis. So here we're looking at the actual bandwidths produced at the level of the heart. And not to get two complex, but we'll look at ultra low frequency, very low frequency, low frequency, high frequency. We know that high frequency is almost 100% parasympathetic driven, where the other bandwidths have specific properties that are both sympathetic and parasympathetic. So we'll actually look at what's called the LF to HF ratio. And this will see, are we leaning too much towards one side or the other? So it's rather easy to interpret because we give you like a little bar graph and you want them to be even. And you can see if we're teeter tottering too much one direction. But when you start to understand how these bandwidths work, then you can start to understand what this bandwidth is associated with lack of deep sleep. That is presenting here. So we know it's not just as five-day baseline. They've been lacking deep sleep for a long time, or this is more related to adrenal function. So the interpretation, and that's why I hope to develop a lot more educational content around this. But there are ways to discriminate between the two brands. Okay, thank you. Thank you for those explanations. And I hope that answers your questions. Scott. Okay, so Kyle, why did you pick this corrective strategy for this athlete? So this corrective strategy for a an this could be something that again is integrated into part of a warm-up. So it could be something that she begins with this as she is moving into that preparing for even performance for training. But it can also be used as part of the recovery strategy. It could be used, you know, possibly as she's getting ready for bed or before bed, you know, maybe half an hour before bed or so this could be something to help calm her down or sort of bring her back down a little bit. But because it is focused so much on breathing. And we are making some assumptions here as well. One of the main assumptions is with and being a professional athlete, we assume that she has more kinesthetic awareness. We also assume that she has a little bit more knowledge about her body, you know, while most professional athletes don't have detailed knowledge of anatomy and physiology. They do oftentimes understand much more than general population client. So whenever we look at these inhibition strategies and this program here too is all focused around breathing. So Kevin mentioned back in webinar too that there can oftentimes be some mechanical restrictions. So if I really want to try to maximize that breath training, we need to make sure we reduce those mechanical restrictions first. These are going to be things that Anne can do on herself. So whenever we start off here with the the SCM, so the sterile quite a master. So these all the muscles listed up here, the SCM, the scaling impact minor. These are all those secondary respiratory muscles. They're going to be lifting up here on the rib cage. And if we want the diaphragm down here to be able to do its job, we have to make sure that these here relax. So getting into the SCM and the the scaling. So we could work these two together. What I would teach her to do is use the the back of her hand here to apply pressure into this this side of her neck. So I wouldn't want to use a thumb to jam in there. I would want to do that type of stuff. So just to back of her hand, and what she would do is sort of drag down and then go through a little bit of a release technique as she's activating the other way. So this would be a slow motion. This is a great way to get the SCM. We can go with more interior to try to get the SCM. One of the other things we can do with this approach. If we take the back of the hand, we can apply pressure backwards. You can see what I'm doing there. As we rotate away, and this right here is a great sort of a a facial technique to just try to get a little bit of relaxation on a little bit of mobility through those tissues. For the peck minor, I would not do this too in, but you could teach her to just reach up underneath to grab the peck minor here. It's lateral of the breast tissue. You find the peck minor and you can just hold that pressure there to relax and release it. This right here is something great to do laying soupines. You could be laying in bed, laying out the floor or whatever. She grabbed the muscle there. Here we would just squeeze it, apply pressure. Typical things here also messing around this area of peck minor. If you feel a heartbeat or a tingling or a shooting pain, anything like that, then you would just want to release the pressure and try to find a different spot. Whenever we jump down to the diaphragm massage, this is another one. We can show her how to do herself. I'm going to angle my camera down a little bit. This is great to do seated, but you would just take your fingers and you would put them right around the bottom ribs here. If I'm seated, I could put a little pressure into that. Once you apply pressure, maybe up to the second knuckle around that, just breathe. This right here could be big deep breaths. This is going to use the movement of the diaphragm to help massage the diaphragm. You can also move the fingers side under the ear. It is just a diaphragm massage. We're going to get it ready to fire and do its job. Whenever we get to the lengthening there, some of these release techniques that we use here, that is part of the lengthening. We could actually skip this or you could go through another just a sort of a stretch to open up the anterior aspect here and try to get some of that extension and extensibility. For activation, we would use the breathing. That's an excellent activation technique. Remember the coordination of the breath, it's not just the diaphragm that we're working. As we inhale, we get that activation of the diaphragm. As we exhale, we should get activation of the transverse abdominis and the pelvic floor. We could use that for activation. One of the things I really like to use here for an integration is making that movement. I'm sorry, taking that breathing and now coordinating it with some movement. I like the quadruped hip blocking so they're down on all fours. The way I would coach this, we just worked on breathing. So we could take whatever strategy we use there. As you're rocking back, as you're going into more hip flexion, we would want to take a big deep breath in and sort of relax everything. And then as we're coming forward out of that is when we would exhale, I would encourage somebody in this movement to start by activating the pelvic floor. As we start to exhale, coming all the way whenever we're rocking forward, we should be at the end of that four seconds if we're using the square method. They could hold that there and then rock, but it could also do this in a standing position. So she could do something like a squat to row with cables or tubing, but I would really try to emphasize coordinating that breath with the movement for her. Okay, thank you. Thank you very much for that explanation and that looks like a really good warm-up, cool down for an athlete to use. Now before we were backing up to the end of the hour, so we are giving away a free CES course today. So what I'd like those of you to do, we're still hanging on with us, go ahead and start to just let our producer back there, Greg, know that you are interested in a free CES course, start to put in in the chat box there and he will be the one responsible for picking you. I wash my hands of that. It's all up to Greg now. So let's go to the, let's go to the final slide and talk about Fenther Case. Well, this guy, Patrick looks like he's a manager. He looks like he works in a basement and he's a candidate for burning his office down. As a, as a, stress, moderate stress long periods of sitting, he may be a bit of overweight, a combination of eating diner food and that stress. He appears he's a pre-diabetic, has high blood pressure. Kevin, can you talk about his biometrics? Yeah, yeah, Patrick is the, the one that has tried lifestyle change multiple times and just couldn't quite figure it out. Use to using that little number on the scale to reinforce his progress, start a lifestyle change program and just couldn't maintain it, couldn't get the reinforcement and needed. So Patrick said generally, decently healthy guy, maybe not by the picture there, but heart rate variability is below average. Definitely something we want to focus on, but being overweight and pre-diabetic in high blood pressure is having systemic effects on his endothelial system and his pulmonary systems and it's increasing his risk of many diseases. Okay. And so, so what is this, so we're talking about is this elevated, elevated restoration and can you talk about his oxygen saturation here? Yeah. Yeah, certainly. So the oxygen saturation, not the easiest way to explain it, but it's basically we're looking at hemoglobin, right? Hemoglobin attaches to the oxygen. How well it's attaching and dissociating in the body has a lot to do with our respiratory rate, our arterial compliance and our body's kind of overall alkalinity. We're really acidic. We see the sigmoidal curve and now we're going to dissociate in ineffective. So a lot also comes down to the nervous system because oxygen saturation drops as a function of respiratory rate in heart rate. Okay. Kyle, do you have any questions or comments regarding Patrick's Patrick's case? Okay. Hopefully he wins a million dollars pretty soon so that he can take some time off. So let's talk about his interventions. Let's go to last case studies slide. All right. So real quick just on the education. This is the health and weight paradox that I see with almost all of my clients, but Patrick in particular, what he's done is basically utilize that little number on the scale. He has this assumption that he has all of these health conditions because he's overweight. He doesn't realize that he's overweight actually because he's in poor health. So every time he's tried a lifestyle program, it's all focused on decreasing that little number on the scale where what we want to do is tell Patrick, you're overweight because you're unhealthy. Let's fix your health. A healthy body tends to follow a healthy body composition. So use these metrics, not that little number on the scale. Let's put that away for the first few phases here. Let's focus on restoring your health, your insulin management, all of these things. And that body weight is going to follow suit. When it comes to the interventions, definitely just when we see things like the pre-diabetic and the increased risk of cardiovascular disease and obesity, we want to fix our hydration. We can look at Patrick and say he looks dehydrated. So we just will first want to focus on nice sustainable interventions. Get him drinking a little bit more water for all the reasons we've talked about the phase-based nutrition. This is what we really want to focus on a nice sustainable program as well. What we want to focus on in phase one is not not caloric restriction. We want to focus on an anti-inflammatory nutrition program. Perhaps a little bit of a gut restore, but more specifically get that inflammation down. This alone is going to see improvements on his clinical markers. He's also going to start to feel less pain. He's going to be more likely to get into that that the exercise phase. With that, we may at some point transition to a caloric restriction when we do want to start losing weight. He's going to lose weight just from losing some of that extra cellular water and some of that inflammation. We're still going to be reinforcing him. With this population, we pull too many calories out. They feel hungry all of the time. This is really going to limit compliance. The partial corrections all at Kyle jump into a little bit deeper. This is a little bit more. This is the classic kind of tech snack, made of thoracic hypothesis going on and there. We understand we can try and get him to sleep better. We can try and fix his respiratory rate through breathing. Unless we can loosen him up and get him a little bit more in extension and not flexional of the time. A lot of this is going to be a lot of effort for minimal gain. Phase-based heart rate variability training. Similar to what we talked about with Bob, but let's crawl before we walk before we run. Let's start with daily movement. Maybe a step count threshold, but with daily, our hourly movement, then we get him into some correctives and then we get him into more of a fat oxidation training. Then things like that. This is all about taking what we can get and sharing compliance all the way along the way. This pads the type that needs the constant reinforcement. We need to be picking out little biometrics that the AI is going to help us with these little insights each morning in the bio strap. At least once twice a week, you need to be calm and Patrick because he's going to be stepping on that scale. Whether you like it or not, and he might be very well giving up on his program because he's seeing the weight, not change or maybe even increase, or we need to say you're sleeping better. Your heart rate variability is getting better. This is what this means to your health. Have some faith in the process. It's about to happen. This Patrick said that the classic case or we need a little actual thing. Yes, he's in for the love of heaven, people stop stealing his state where. Next, go ahead Kyle and talk about what you've done for Patrick and his corrective exercise strategy. For Patrick, we're thinking of this as more like in a regular exercise training session. We know his goals and he's way in each to burn a few more calories. He needs to work on some of the the heart health and he needs to work on some cardiovascular activities. We're going to try to integrate that into a corrective strategy. If people have been falling along on a lot of these webinars, you may remember back from a few times ago that the corrective exercise process, it merges very well with the OPT model. Phase one of the OPT model is what we're going to talk about here. Quick disclaimer, whenever we talk about Kevin mentioned the first phase of the phase based training earlier that it doesn't, well, we're talking about phase one of the OPT model. However, I bet if we started to explore these two phases together, for some reason, I feel like there would be a lot of overlap of the goals and the strategies to help improve some of those numbers. What we talk about posture here, I want you to think of this as being total body posture. So there's long hours of being seated. He's definitely going to have some of the upper body stuff as well. But here we looked at also trying to encourage a little bit of hip extension. So trying to get that motion there through the illegal firmable joint along with some of that stuff on the upper body. And also getting that movement through the angle. So this is more of that total body, literal cast of quads. I put the the star there by the glutes because we mentioned this before, but a lot of times we can use rolling to just encourage blood flow, fluid flow movement, tissue movement, and it doesn't always have to be for inhibition. So somebody that's that's like Patrick here, you can spend a few seconds a minute or so just rolling the glutes, just getting the tissues to move. So that way you will be able to activate them a little bit better whenever we get into some of the activation exercises and the thoracic spine. Again, getting a little bit of that thoracic extension to help open up the lengthening techniques standing calf, standing quads. So some of the the basics there again, trying to get more more dorsiflexion, better hip extension. Here are having a half kneeling rotation. So the rotation again is going to this would be a bit more of an active type of a stretch trying to further encourage some of that thoracic movement. Then whenever we get into the activation and the core, so we see the overlap here between corrective exercise and phase one of the OPT model, I would get him again back into a quadruped position just like we did with in and work on some breathing there. So that's going to help activate those muscles the way we need. Then I'd get him back up do some standing hip extension. So there'd be more activation there for the glutes. And with the with being a little bit overweight, he may not be the most comfortable getting up and down a whole lot. So that's why I also had doing some scapular retraction from a half been over position. In whenever we get into the integration integration slash resistance. So think of this as being again phase one of the OPT model resistance training. So we'll program between 50 to 70 percent of his estimated one rep max. We'll use vertical loading here. So like a circuit to where we would move through these exercises one right after the other, looking at between 12 to 20 reps. So it's not going to be something that's so high intensity that it pushes him past his level to adapt. It's still working within his level of readiness. But we're able to keep him moving, we're able to keep the blood flow and we're able to keep the heart rate up just a little bit. And that will help him cheat achieve some of those cardiovascular goals. A little bit of cardiovascular adaptation in some of those weight loss goals over time as well. So that's the general strategy we used with Patrick here. Okay, thank you for that. That is all very clear and hopefully after Patrick gets through this a few months of training, this reinforcement proper nutrition he can finally enjoy that vacation of the beach. So we at the end of the rub to the end webinar. So we can go to the slide. The final slide of this series. And I'll go through this. If you have additional questions, please start sending them into Greg now. You can 35% on the new CES. You can use the code capital webinar, new 25. And to redeem that, you can call a 8773-1827. That's 8887-31827. And you can also this is an ongoing discount from our friends at Bioshtrap. You can also get the PN medical breeder fit for 20% off using the code capital in a S M 20% and you can redeem that at pnmedico.com slash products and gentlemen Kevin, do you have or actually let's start with you Kyle, do you have any take away points from today's webinar? Typically point to use the data, use the data that you have available. There we have a wealth of information that we can get access to and make sure you use it to drive a program and strategies. The I said it in the beginning of this, but just to reiterate whenever we look at corrective, it's based on movement. So they sure you're including the assessments. The programs we looked at here, these were the programs we looked at. These were general, we didn't make some assumptions here. They would be effective for most of the people based on the setup that we looked at. But again, we need to combine some of those numbers that movement assessment before we really jump into corrective exercise, Framing. Okay, thank you for that and Kevin, what's your big takeaway? Basically, we're at where this technology is available. I think we understand that optimal outcomes aren't just seeing our clients one hour twice a week in a gym setting. We now have the ability to remotely monitor their sleep and other aspects of their health and performance to build programs around. But the biometrics alone are not enough. Apple watches and these have been around for a long time and in health care epidemics are only getting worse in our country. What we need is a frontline of fitness professionals on the proactive end of health care, preventing diseases. Doctors are going to be there to cure them. But I think you know, utilize types of tools to facilitate improved nutrition and exercise habits with this reinforcement model. We have a really good opportunity to really move the needle here. The technologies there, now we just need the healthcare professionals to take the time to learn about it and understand how to apply it. Okay, great, thank you. Thank you for that and thank you both gentlemen for your contributions and your work putting these webinars together and educating us on such a short order. And the winner today for our free CES course is Becky and I think I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly. Becky, Carol, congratulations. You have won your CDS course. If you could send a message to Greg, our producer with your email address, we can get that. We can get you set up with that. Okay, the intention of the very educating and thank you, Greg, for doing all of your work in the back. And hopefully we'll see you all again very soon. Have a great weekend, everyone stay safe.