Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS of Live. My name is Prentice and here with Wendy Bax and Marty Miller. How are you all doing this afternoon? Fantastic. Great. Thank you, Prentice. All right. And we have our man Greg in the background, making sure it all runs smoothly and he gives us a salute. So let's get started. This is going to be a fun program today after reading through it a few times. But let's, we want to design another program using the CES as, as a focused warm-up or movement prep. And just as a reminder CES can be, is, is really a targeted flexibility and strength training program that can be used as a workout on its own and covered that. And we can use it as a special warm-up. And what we want to do is identify the problem using several of the assessments that we'll see later is when D talks us through this very special client. We're going to solve the problem, which is going to include the program design and implement the solution. We actually have to take this client and make this client do a little work. Pay a little sweat equity to get the results of the program. So let's go ahead and get started. Tell us who we're training today. Yes. So this is actually one of my clients. I did change his name, of course. But I wanted to give you a little bit of background. So John Smith is our client for the day. He is 27 years old. He is a professional basketball player. So he is in the NBA. Some history about John is he's played basketball since he was five years old. He's played in college, of course, and was the first round draft pick. He has had low back surgery and multiple ankle sprains and has had occasional anterior knee pain. So we do a knee pain in front knee pain actually. And right hand wrist pain sometimes after a long game. He does not take any prescription medication. However, he does take supplements. These supplements are provided by his team and his team actually has an R.D. that's on staff that works with him with his diet and how much calories he's supposed to take in per day. So he eats a super clean diet and of course he measures his own calorie intake. He does wear a technology strap that measures his sleep, his calorie expenditure, his resting heart rate, max heart rate, etc. And he does share that information with me as well. So when we're not training together and he's actually doing pick-up games or working with a different coach, he sends me that data. So therefore I can make sure every time we're designing a program that it's going to be good for him. And his current goals are basically just to stay competitive and increase his explosiveness, his durability and endurance. And his goal weight before he leaves for camp is 203 and he is currently at 208. So again, just a little bit information too before we move on, I have been training John now for three years and I get him in the off season. So he has gone through all five phases of well technically seven phases of the O.P.T model. So this was actually one of his last programs that we did before we sent him to camp. However, he has come back. We have gathered new data and he will be able to unjulate again at the start of the season with just a few minor tweaks adding some of the CES on the front end of each and every program. So we wanted to again to show you guys that when you're thinking of the CES that it doesn't have to be someone that's just coming out of rehab. That this is something that we can put in front of any phase of the model as long as it makes sense for this for whoever you're training. Okay, perfect Wendy. And I just want just for clarity. How soon do you get him after after the season, after last game playoffs? And how much time do you have with him before he goes back to training camp? Well obviously this is a unique situation because I mean, you know, we've got to think that he's done with the season early. So because of everything going on right now, I'm not actually going to start back with him doing this like these programs until probably middle of June. And it's mainly because his wife is pregnant and we want to make sure that everything is good on her end. But with that being said, we want to take consideration this information and then I will have him. I train him three times a week and I'm going to have him up until he leaves to go to camp. Okay, okay, perfect. So let's so if you're ready, let's talk about his assessments. Now because he's an NBA player, we're going to do the typical static postural assessments and transitional assessments, but we're going to do something a little more dynamic today as well. Absolutely. So he is one of one of the most compliant clients that I have. And so keeping that in mind, he does a lot of self work. So he does his homework probably better than any other client I've ever had in all of my training history. So he knows, you know, the importance of fomorowing and stretching and he does a lot of his own recovery. He has recovery boots. He has a power dot. He has different different things like that that he he implements on his own. But when he came in, I'm just looking at him from just a static posture. The only thing that I really notice with him right now is that his feet slightly externally rotate it. Okay. Well, that's pretty good, especially with the counting that those guys take. The basketball players in general take over the course of the season. Absolutely. Absolutely. And usually there are train wreck when they come back. But again, because he's very compliant, that's really is kind of a different situation. So when we get into the next slide, you're going to see his transitional movements or, you know, in his assessment results, which, which again, you know, he's he's just coming off of the season. So this is very, very good. And oftentimes, we see the typical feet turning out into your tilt forward head rounded shoulders, but in this particular client or with this particular client, all during the overhead squat, was that his feet slightly turned out, which again, the same thing we saw on the static posture. So that was no surprise there. And then on his single leg squat results, he had just inward trunk rotation. So he actually had really good control on his balance as well as he didn't have any any knee velgas. Okay. I think I don't have any questions about that. This is looking, this is looking pretty atypical for those of us who may have worked with athletes once or twice. I got nothing. I got nothing either, which is great. That's why we wanted to use to actually. But because he is a professional athlete, we did want to implement some of the dynamic assessments. Now again, there are many, many assessments that we could have done. I could have had him do, you know, shoulder runs. I could have had him do different types of drills out on the track. But he actually has another coach that he works with that works specifically with more of his S.A.Q type type activity. So he they do, he basically has an S.A.Q day with another coach. And so with that in mind, I wanted to use these two specific assessments because as his trainer building strength and mobility with him, I wanted to make sure that I had the data that I needed to best execute any type of program I designed. So with that being said, I had him do the shark skill test. And for those of you guys that don't really know what that is, that's basically when you, you know, put the boxes, you know, there's nine boxes and the client starts in the center box on one foot. And they jump in each foot, they go to each box, always coming back to the middle box as fast as they can. And if his hands come off of its hip, it's a, it's a fault. And if his foot touches a line, it's a fault, which means you add time on top of that once it's completed. And so with that, with those results are knowing that going into it, John on his left side, he actually finished it in 4.3 seconds, which is super fast. But he did have one foot fault on the left side. So his total time would be 4.4 seconds. On the right side, he had 4.8 and he did have one foot fault. So it's 4.9. And again, you're going to see a difference between his left and his right. So, you know, that tells a lot. But then again, John is he is right hand. So I'm guessing that Wendy's going to see his right hand it and potentially because of because it's a control level sport jumping, he may be a left foot jumper, which shows the difference in the scores there. Did I cover that for you? That is correct. I'm sorry, didn't even know I cut out. But yes, that is correct. So again, this is not uncommon. They're not always going to be identical. So, you know, it's nothing alarming as a coach gathering this information. But it is good data to have. After we completed that, we did the Davies assessment. And so basically, that's where you put a piece of tape out 36 inches. And then he has one side or one hand on one side of the tape, another hand on the other side of the tape. And he is in a push-up position. Just as you'll see in the demo here on the bottom right on the on the on the flow chart that we provided. So that is the position that they're in. And then you time them for 15 seconds and see how many times he can touch kind of the outer part of his pinky, I'm keeping good alignment. And again, we're looking at how many touches he has. But we're also noticing this as head fall. Does he have scapular winging? Is his, you know, does there an archen is back or what's happening, you know, or can he maintain proper alignment? And again, John's pretty dialed. So his, his form was fantastic. There was nothing to note besides the fact that he touched 33 times, which again is is is very good. So then with my detective trainer hat on, I noticed that on his single-like squad assessment, he had a little inward rotation. So none of that showed up on on this particular dynamic assessment. It did not. But again, if there is anything that seems, you know, noteworthy, that is definitely the time to do that. Because again, it's more results. It's not just about the time. It's also about the form as well. So, yep. Okay. Again, this is a pretty atypical case for some athletes just in playing a lot of professional ball. So let's go on. Yeah. So so this slide, if you're new to assessments, I wanted to provide, again, I've been using a goaniometer for many, many years. And so I provided you with the data that I really had with this client to show you. But if you've never used a goaniometer, you're not familiar with the goaniometer, then we have the assessment, or I'm sorry, the mobility flow chart next to you. So we can kind of talk through, these are the results I got with the goani. But if you don't know how to use it, you can get the same results, meaning a pass or fail that's going to give you a lot of data. And so the first one, DF is just door seat flexion. So he's laying in a supine position. We put him in door seat flexion and we measured his range of motion. Now ideal is 20. 10 is good for walking, you know, but from 10 to 20 is what you're looking for. As you can see, John has eight on his right and 10 on his left. Again, this is not uncommon for someone that's had multiple ankle sprains or a type of athlete that is jumping a lot. So that information again is just good to have. The next extension again, he was at 35 and on left end right. And again, you know, that is an ideal. So but it's good data to have. Again, it tells me a lot of information about the short head of his bicep fem, what's going on around the knee and as well as the calf complex. Hip abduction, ideal is 45 on right. He had left. He was at 41. So he was pretty good there. Internal hip internal. Again, ideal is 45 and right. He measured 35 and left 37. And then hip external rotation and hip extension as well as shoulder flexion. You're going to see WNL which just means within normal limits. So he did measure ideal or close to ideal for those particular measurements. And so again, if you're not sure how to use the go knee but you want to use some of the new mobility assessments, you can see the comparison of the two. So for example, for doorcy flexion, he could have performed at weight bearing lunch. And you can see did his knee come close to the wall where was he did he pass or quote fail. And so you know, if you're going through the new content, just look at the different assessments on the execution. And it just kind of gives you more information to go along with the dynamic assessments that we performed as well as the transitional information. And then you're going to take all of that information and then design the appropriate program for your client. Okay. And one question with your with your of go knee assessment is which side was he experiencing which side does he experience most of his recurrent ankle springs? Not shockingly not shockingly and it is his right. So and again, it was mainly because he's had more issues more springs on his on his right. But again, he's a left, he's a left jumper. So his, his, his, you know, his foot plants and everything on his jumps on lay up and everything. He is very dynamic and explosive on his left, especially in comparison to his right. Okay, you know, that was that was actually what I was thinking, but you never want to assume in these cases. I'm guessing that is brain says, yeah, we want to stiffen this ankle up a little bit because you don't seem to be able to to stabilize it yourself. So exactly. Well, that may reflect the decrease in the range of motion. Okay. So let's let's talk about what you what you did for. How did you solve the problem? Sure. So like what we've done in the past, we're going to have Marty write some stuff on the board so we can kind of talk through the program. But we will provide you with the, with the, the program that we're going to talk about. You will have access to that to download it through a sim. And so with that being said, you know, if you guys can see Marty, but Marty, we are going to foam roll first, not surprising. But we're going to foam roll his calves, his adductors last, and then on the top why. Sure. So just going back to the assessment for sure. You know, this guy's clean is you're going to give it. That doesn't mean we just kind of even or the process because, you know, you saw that even though he moves well and part of that is all the awesome training when he's put him through, he knows how to move even though he still has some movement dysfunction. So that bilateral foot, external rotation, the go any metric measurement or if you're going to put him through the mobility, we would have seen some issues in that lunch test. And then obviously with the adduction, you know, that inward rotation and then it, you know, a little bit of the latitness, the arms fall forward. So those are things that, you know, she definitely wants to assess or address it and then obviously, you know, she's going to take into account what exercise is she's going to put John through just to make sure he has a little extra range of motion before the workout. Yep. And again, we're holding Tender X for approximately 30 seconds. We can add some of the movement, you know, four to six times for some active movements. But then after that, we are going to take him through static stretching. So static stretching, we're going to stretch his calves, again, slight foot external rotation. We are going to statically stretch his hip flexors in his laps as well. And Marty, I don't know if you have anything to add to that. Yeah. The muscles that tend to be overactive without even, you know, when you just look at anybody, these are muscles that tend to be overactive. And hip flexors are great stretch because, you know, if you don't want to think about Wendy or any of the other anti-Sumstructors, there's going to be a lot of glute activation. So let's get that hip flexor complex to relax. So we know we're going to get a better activation of our glutes as you'll see in the next series of exercises. Yes. And so, next, when you look at the template, we're going to go into activation. So again, we're going to we're using the OBT template, even though instead of just the CES template, we're just designing a phase five program. So under activation, we're going to have John perform a ball bridge. And because he is in athlete and have been working with him for multiple years. And there wasn't anything assessment that told me that I should do so. John does a ball bridge with a 65 pound weight on his hips. And so, you know, again, if this wasn't someone like John or this is a new client, I would just do a ball bridge with no weight. But again, you don't like, don't be afraid to load these athletes or these clients that are ready for that type of load. Following that, we're going to do a cable TKE and Marty Duna talk about that. Sure. So getting that term equation, so you can use a power band or a K with some type of like cuff support. Having that person drive their heel into the ground and get that full terminal knee extension. A lot of people lack that full extension underneath. So it's a great exercise for the little muscles behind the knee as well as you're still going to get some increased door selection at that point time. So it's really important, especially for eye-fine for jumping athletes or running athletes to make sure they have that full terminal knee extension. And you'll be active with the VMO as well. Exactly. And because, again, he had complained that oftentimes, sometimes he'll have anterior knee pain. That was also another another good reason and another important reason for the VMO activation as well. And one of the last that. And one of the last exercises that looks like we have there is a single leg hot to hold in both the frontal and transverse planes. And now that Wendy's back, tell us why you picked, you picked that one for our basketball athlete. Yes, well, we also did the lateral T-box under activation too. I don't know if you heard me before I cut out. But we want to do that for the glute knee activation. And then we did go to single leg hot to hold in the frontal and transverse planes. And again, we're doing that too because think about his sport. We also want to work on we are in a phase five. So again, I wouldn't put him in phase because I know that he was pretty dialed and phases one up to one through. He does have good stability and good archalms. Now we are that, we are going to pop to hold the C if he's called owns it. This is really especially with someone that would have weak angles done multiple frames that he's had in the past. And then to switch it up a little bit and a little bit of a colon kind of something that's different that we don't often see when you're doing something like this is then after he's done his activation imbalance, we're then going to do dynamic stretching. And we're doing dynamic stretching because we're preparing his body for a phase five workout. So again, we have done all quote the CES type work up front. And now we are preparing him for the resistance portion coming next. And so with that being said, we're having John perform a push up with rotation. And he's also going to do a walking lunge with a twist. And Marty, do you want to end up, when he does that? So the reason we like this is for some people, this could be part of their workout. This is that might be all there, a capable of metabolic, but with John, this is just getting his central nervous systems. And also I view it, especially with our athletes or athletic population, doesn't have to be professional. I think you're starting to switch the mindset that, okay, it's time to now get ready to work. This is all the movement preparation, but this almost makes it, quote unquote, game time for that, where they know the intensity is starting to ratchet up. So mentally, it's a great transition, but also physiologically, you're now getting the body to move in sequence with everything, but now you're starting to gradually pick up the intensity for what's coming next. Okay. And before we continue, I have a question here from Kelsey, and thank you for watching, listening with us today, Kelsey, Kelsey wants to know why the lapse for inhibited and lengthen. And Kelsey goes on to say, I'm assuming it's just because of sports-specific demand passing catching rebounding. Marty, are you going to take that? Sure. So one, if you anytime you're doing any jumping in any of the workout, you are getting the lapse moving, so it's great to inhibit them in length and then making sure that you have optimal range of motion. And remember, if our lads are even a little bit restricted, it's going to throw off things in the shoulder as well as in the low back. So it's just one of the things, you know, from a preventative measure. So even if they have near ideal and most men are going to have tight lads, and then if there's any overhead work throughout the workout, we want to make sure that we address those lads. Because the lads are the only muscle that connect the upper and lower body. So it's really important to address, I'm going to say in most workouts. And you know, I'm going to, I'm definitely going to put myself in a category, very rarely do I see men have enough extensibility in their lads to not check that box for most workouts. And think about also, if I may add just a little bit of that, if you think about a jump in any jumping athlete and you use the analogy of a three-stage rocket that that first stage is going to come from that triple that extension of the ankle and the hip extension, the hip extending from that counter movement, that third stage of the rocket is going to be that arm swing. Especially if you're rebounding athlete, getting those arms overhead, snatch and some boards. If your lads are tight, you're going to have to, if your lads are tight and you can't get that full extensibility, getting those arms above the head, your body's going to steal that range of motion from someplace else. You know, maybe possibly the lower back. So that's another reason why we just want to have that area nice and open for any, I guess, in the jumping sport. And I will let you continue with your program, Marty. Yeah. So now, I mean, basically, we've got him warmed up. We feel like he's ready to go, I mean, and again, for some, that maybe just be a workout within himself. But we are focusing on a phase five workout, which means we are going to perform super sets. So with this client, we are going to do a strength based exercise anywhere from one to five repetitions. For this case, we are going to do five for the strength. And then we're going to follow that immediately with the same type of movement pattern utilizing the same prime movers. And in this case for John, he is going to do 10 repetitions as fast as he can right after that before he does any kind of rest. So the first one we're going to focus on is his chest. And so we're going to do a dumbbell chest press. He's going to do five repetitions at a using a hundred pound dumbbells. And that's a hundred pound per arm, by the way. Super heavy. And then it's following it up immediately with a med ball rotational chest pass. Now in our facility, we do have a wall. So it is a cement wall where he can throw the ball and have it come back and you know, and he can, um, explosively throw it and catch it at the same time. However, again, you would have to make adjustments if you did not have something like that. Marty, do you have anything to add to that? No, I just did do go into quickly. Just for any of that might be newer to this phase of training is now that warmed up. We do the heavy exercise first because rarely in life, will you ever activate all the muscle fibers in a movement pattern so that heavy chest press because we're doing that movement pattern at this point wakes up all the muscle fibers or as money and as you can get. So now when you go move explosively, they're now all going to say, oh, I now know what you want me to do. So that way now you're going to get the best power production by working on the heavy force production and then the speed component to it. Okay, and one question follow up for you, uh, Martin, just talk about the rationale of why we use 25 pounds for the medicine ball. Why we didn't go after the big dogs for this for this training? Yeah, sure. Generally, you're used roughly 10% of your body weight. Now if someone's a lead, you can vary up to that just a little bit. But for John, if he's, you know, 205 pounds, let's use 20 pounds, the key thing is at some point when the weights do have it, you're not going to get full explosive movement, there's going to be a deterioration in the speed component. We already hit the heavy component here. So we're looking now for the body to move explosively. So the 10% of your body weight is a safe estimation for most people. Now you're going to have your outliers like John that maybe they go to 15% of their body weight if it's an implement or you're just using simply body weight because you're looking for how fast you can execute, not how heavy of an object could you throw. We're looking for the speed, the miles per hour component to it. And I guess I do have another follow-up. So we're, uh, we have 10 reps scheduled for this program. Rep 7 speed starts to drop off. What do you do as his, uh, as his trainer? When he since you worked with John, you want to, address how you'd handle it before in the past? Well, I'm lucky because I really have never had that issue. However, if I were to have had that issue, I would have tried a lighter weight. I don't, I wouldn't necessarily lighten the strength component if he executed that with perfect form, um, however, then I just know that because again, 25 pounds is more than 10% of his body weight because if I was going into a weight, I should have grabbed right around a 20 pound weight. However, because again, I've been working with John and this truly is one of his programs. I kept it real. So you guys could see what I've done with this guy. And, um, but if he couldn't do 25 pounds, we would drop it to it to a 20 at that point. Um, maybe if we noticed that his form was horrible at 7, we would call it 7 and stop it, but we know for the next set 2 and 3, we definitely need a lighten the load. Okay. Thank you. Yep. So after we've done chess, then we're going to move on to a one arm dmbl row again. He's on a bench. So he's on something stable. He is using a hundred pound weight again and just rowing back and doing five on each arm. And then as soon as he's completed that, again, because it is a client that I know he's using a 25 pound dumbbell. He goes directly into a med boss lamb. Marty, do you have anything to add to that? I mean, I mean, the same concept, the same is the same that we're getting him to move as much weight safely as he can. And then follow that up with that explosive movement. And again, reps will stay the same. And then then, you know, up to 10% for the general population. But again, when you're working with, you know, in a lead athlete or someone who really puts the work in, you can go over that 10%. But that's just a kind of a guy like him. And then next we're going into shoulders. He doesn't overhead press sitting on the bench. Again, five repetitions at 45 pounds, which again is heavy because I think about the core strength and then obviously alignment. And so he does five repetitions of that and immediately grabs a medistim ball and goes into a medistim ball. It's kind of toss and catch. So he tosses it up to himself and catches it as fast as he can for 10 repetitions. Still using again, that 25 pound medistim ball. And then one of the last exercises that we're doing for his legs is a hex bar deadlift. He has loaded at 205, which again is extremely heavy. He's doing five repetitions of that. And then he immediately is going into leg circuits. And for those of you guys that aren't familiar with a leg circuit, it's literally doing four exercises as fast as they can control. Now again, not as fast as they can because form is still an issue. The entire time he has to maintain proper alignment, but he'll do 20 for instance, 20 prisoner squats. Then he immediately goes into 20 alternating lunges and then he does 20 power step ups on a step that he's comfortable with. So for John, we're doing it on 10 inches, like a 10 inch step. And then as soon as he's done with that, he does 10 it took jumps. And so he does all of that. As again, as fast as he can, he does not rest in between that leg circuit. And because his ultimate goal is endurance and then maintaining, because again, we're trying to make sure that he can handle the minutes that he's put into a game. And that's super, super important. So with that being said, one of the things that I do right after he gets done with the leg circuit. If I was a nice trainer, I would give him rest. However, I'm a trainer that knows this client well has worked with him for a really long time. I put him on the tech, we have a techno-jimps treadmill. And with that particular treadmill, I'm already can go into more detail about it. I do a sled push with him. And so I load him, he's at 150 pounds and he pushes it for 125 yards. And so for John, our ultimate goal, I know he can get doing it like at 17 seconds, but our goal is under 17. 17 was his starting point last season. And then we ended up getting him to 14 before he left. So our ultimate goal again is to make sure he can start at 17 and that allows me to see where he's at. The start of this season. And then therefore again, try to get him under 14 if that's even possible. Because I mean, that is a lot of weight for a long, long distance. And Marty, I don't know if you want to talk more about that. But yeah, basically when these really not nice guys, yeah, okay, that's what I wanted to clarify with the audience. She told me that, I say, wait a minute, did you do 125 pounds for 15 yards? And so again, I was like, I had a pause and I was like, wait, go through that one more time. So I tend to measure wattage, but either way, you're getting great results. Because the seconds or wattage, they're going to be part and parcel together. If you're moving more explosively and you're shrinking your time, your wattage has to go up. But when Wendy told me that I said, he next time check his wattage and John was writing around what, the 1400 watts. When it's crazy. Yeah, and it's not even like the 1400 watts, it's he's doing that for 125 yards. Think about a regular football field. That's from the back one in zone, passed the back of the next end zone because the end zones are only 10 yards. So it's over an entire, complete football field. So why don't you just not nice? Yeah. Well, it hurts me just looking at it. And you heard it here first in ASM audience, Wendy is not nice if you want to train with her. You really have to want it at this point. Exactly. Again, he's come back around season number three. So he keeps wanting more and yeah, I don't want to continue on. That's appropriate for him because of all the things Wendy's doing his homework, et cetera. I'm just saying this guy's a beast because most people wouldn't have the mental wherewithal to be able to do that. So clearly the body's capable so that is not out of the realm for him, but I'm just going to be out of the realm for a lot of people. But it's a pro. I cannot do that. Oh, it's said. If someone can control it and do it, then it's appropriate. So that's that's beast mode right there. Yeah. So and so keep in mind to we since she I'm sorry my dogs are barking in the back and we. So I think yeah, she's go back again. This back. I think I'm back. So there is a there's an updated program that we are. So we do have an updated program that you can take a look at and you can see see how we can easily we've CES is a targeted warm up into a phase five program and just to and just for context. Remember, this is a professional athlete. He gets paid. He has trainers, skill coaches. Probably has a rehabilitation staff, but you can take a look at this program and use it as a template so that you can see how to integrate CES into some of your phase five training. And I'll let you complete your actual thought Wendy. Well, now I'm going to tell you that there's a there was an error on this program and so we sent any SM a different one. So on the sled push it will actually be 125 yards at 150 pounds. So that was that. So we will make sure that this get the updated one if you really do want to copy of this one. But then as soon as we're done into your point, I mean now again, John does I do some manual therapy work with him on the front end as well on the back end just to make sure that he you know that he's good to go to do this type of workout. Now again, because I see him three times a week, we usually do our power day on Friday. So on Monday, he comes in. We do a phase two workout again with the CES kind of activation and programming on the front end. On Wednesdays, we usually do a phase one. Just stabilization, making sure everything is ready to go. So on Friday, when we unleash the beast here, he's ready to go. Everything is activated the way that it's supposed to when he comes in. But we also know that we really focused a lot on the stabilization and making sure too that we're not over training him because we wouldn't want to do this workout three to five times a week. That's over training. He would be exhausted. He would break down and it just doesn't seem. There's no purpose for that with him. And again, he does have a skills coach that he goes and sees once or twice a week. He plays pickup games and he also, like I said, works with an S.A.Q. specific coach just to work on different types of alignment and movement patterns on the field. Can I ask you yet that? Thank you for wrapping up his program and talking a little bit about how you unjulate that during the week. But I wanted to ask both of you a question about the role that we play as trainers. Now, as I see it or as I learned it, athletes have two special development phases, which is general preparedness. Things that we would do within this template here with what you're doing did very well. It was beautiful in the O.P.T model. Although I have to say even though you switch the variables on his sled push, it's still not nice. Anyway, but we have this general preparedness. And then we also have specific preparedness where I throw in all of the the so-called sports specific, S.A.Q. exercises and some of the skill exercises that they have to experience related to the sport. Where can we serve our clients our client's best interests? I think specifically with John, now keep in mind, I just said that he has an S.A.Q. and then I also said that he also has a skills coach that means they're working on his 3.5 hips, his different types of shots around the court as well as making sure that he's when he's on offense, what he's got to do and then defense, what he's got to do. And those are the actual coaches that works specifically with his sport. So because he's doing that multiple hours again with other trainers, it's not going to serve me any good to do the same thing with him because again, that's going to lead to repetitivement that's going to lead to injury. My goal is to make sure that he is a machine ideally lined up and that he can execute and maximize the performance and power output that I'm trying to get him to do in his programming because that will transfer what's going to happen on the court. I mean, I'm not his skills coach. I should not be worried about having him go up and do different types of movement with his arms and his shots and stuff like that. Because again, that's really not going to help him. What's going to help him is if he can move the right way and I can make him faster and he can change directions and doing stuff because his muscles are firing the way that they're meant to fire. So for me, I don't take into consideration if he's I mean, I do take into consideration because it makes sense with what I'm doing on a programming side. But if a lot of people think that if they're like a baseball pitcher that the more stuff that they work on with mechanics and they're throwing arm, that's actually going to help them when an all-reality that could harm them because they already have a certain pitch count and then you're doing the same type of motion that could lead to injury long term. And Marty, I don't know if you want to add to that. I grew up in that functional training. We could define it but they could see it. They're like, well, that's functional training. How do you do that? Well, just do crazy stuff that mimics things. We've come a long way from that because, you know, to Wendy's point, I worked in professional baseball. We had a lot of players who were one-side dominant. And if you look at the size of a bat, you know, 32 ounces is the minimum up to 34, 35 ounces and they're taking hundreds upon hundreds of swings a day. Do I really need to know grab a cable, have them do it downward chop or should I maybe undo that pattern and maybe have them lift in the opposite direction to get them back to neutral. And maybe that's functional training. I just think that when functional training came out, it was let's mimic a movement that they do in their sport and load it. There might be a point in any phase of training for that but it's not as much as I think that people used to do, you know, 15, 20 years ago when that term kind of came to the forefront. Functional training could be an anterior tip exercise for somebody. If you need to increase the activation of the anterior tip, it's functional to do resisted door selection. I don't, you know, I think for a long time people wouldn't have counted that as functional training. So, to Wendy's point, our job is to get the body to move normally, ideally, and have all the different phases of training in their back pocket. So, they are stable, they have strength endurance and they're powerful in all planes of motion with ideal or close to ideal motion in all their joints and get muscles to move together and create solid, sound movement patterns. And then leave the specifics to their coach. Doesn't mean there's not a point in time throughout the year you might do some of that but that's usually during the off season before they get back into the heavy competition. Once there are heavy competition, you might have to really decrease a lot of and I can tell you for my baseball players that were playing a lot, I had to almost not do a lot of power because that's what they were doing all day in practice and in the cages. I had to spend more time on the stabilization than I did during the off season. I would increase their power because they weren't participating in the sport. Yeah, thank you for that explanation for both of them. And the biggest point is that I think you both of you said the same thing. We're not here to mimic their sport. Now if you, if you have an athlete for example who doesn't have a specific coach, you can do some general S.A.Q. exercises for sure to get them moving fast, get them changing directions and that sort of thing. But we want to leave the skill, we want to leave the skill up to the experts and kind of know the domains that we can actually give the athletes a lot of benefit which is the CDX which is training through all the phases of the OTT model. Just having them just creating a very solid base for them so that they can go into any environment and perform. So do we have any, so we're back to the, we're now down to the cooldown and when do you talked about how you do some soft tissue work with him on the end of the program. So let's talk about his cooldown now. Yeah, so I actually do the soft tissue work sometimes before we actually get started. So I do it on the front end and at the, at the very, at the bottom end or at the end of his workout, he'll go through and he'll either foam roll on his own if we're running out of time or if I have time I'll actually use like the hypervolta or some type of vibration, you know therapy to try to to, to calm certain muscles down that we obviously use throughout the workout. Now keep in mind, John also has some of this equipment on his own and he does a lot of this stuff at home as well. But we would have him foam roll his calves, his adductors and his lats again, just same thing we did in the beginning. You can think about all the jumping that he did so why the calves would need it. Again, the adductors just to make sure we got good alignment and the hip and then of course with that internal or inward rotation we saw on the single leg. It would be beneficial and again, as Marty explained why we would do the lats, we would do lats again. And then we would have him statically stretch the calves, hip lectures and lats. So again, exactly what he did in the very beginning. We were just thinking about some of the muscles that he used throughout the workout where he could kind of get the you know the most bang for his buck if he will. Could he have done other ones absolutely? But again, these are just for a programming state, you know, for programming purposes, you can see that it would be good to foam roll and stretch these particular muscles. Okay, I think this is this is a pretty straightforward program. Do you have any other any other tips for anyone out there listening who is working with athletes? Do you have any any tips on how to use this model to make it work for their situation? I think for me, I mean, again, I've had John for a really long time. And so I know his body and I know him very well and we stay in communication. I think the key thing is communication. Because again, if I didn't have a lot of the data sent to me over the over the time that he was training or while he because even in season, I'm following up with them. I'm asking if he's doing his programs because we send a lot of corrective exercise and stabilization type workouts that he does on the road. Because when he goes in, it works with his, you know, a camp or he's doing stuff with the team. They may be doing a lot of power and explosive exercises. But we want to make sure that he maintains proper alignment and he understands the importance of that. Now, the first season when we first when I first got him as a client, his overhead squat. So we're going to have to waste. This was a cliffhanger here. So you have to wait. Okay. So his overhead squat and yeah, his overhead squat and his, his dynamic assessment results. They were not as clean as they were what we just saw. Again, this is after working with me for three seasons in maintaining communication. So the first time I worked with him for the first four weeks, we spent a lot of time and phase one, a lot of time. And we had three months to get him prepared for before he left for camp. And so, so don't just rush into thinking that they need to do a phase five because they're a professional athlete. And we built a very, very, very strong foundation and, you know, worked on everything before we started to load him into strength and then into power. Because again, he's worth a lot of money. So we want to make sure that we don't break him down because we're hoping to get him at a higher level in a phase of training, which did not, would not maximize him long term. Thank you. And for, and this next question is for both of you, but you brought up a great point, Wendy. These athletes are worth a lot of money. Someone's paid. I'm sure taking out insurance policies, invested a lot of money over the season, and probably the way their team performs depends on these athletes performance. How do you, so my question is, is how do you work or do you work with their, with the team staff? Do you share recommendations, let them know of what you're doing? How does that work? This is for both of you. I can go first. I mean, for instance, even with this guy, yes. So I can share, I take goonyometric assessments every single time he comes in because again, I keep track of everything. So therefore, if his strength and conditioning coach wants to see, you know, see, stuff, or, you know, as PT's, or any of the medical staff needs to see anything, I have that document as well as every single workout we've done is documented. And I mean, I have literally at the beginning of seasons had people call me because they're running faster, they're moving better, and they want to know what I did with them. And, you know, again, I have the science in the background to understand of why I'm doing certain programs in the way that I'm doing it. And it actually, you know, they, they find it, a lot of people, they find very interesting because they, you know, they're still learning about the NASM concepts in the OVT model because some, some people don't have that background, they just have their CSCS, or they have other types of forms of training that are awesome as well. It's just different. And so I think, you know, obviously staying in communication, I'm very open with my programming because I'm very confident and what I'm doing and why I'm doing it. And I think that is actually key. Okay. And Marty, how have you worked with, with team staff in your role as a personal trainer? Sure. It's, I was more working for a team, so I can give you the opposite side is, you know, I was very open and I always wanted to make that team approach because, you know, I was responsible for primarily during the season. And then I had to have a good relationship with everybody during the off season. So everything when he said is absolutely spot on. I'll just give a different side of it because you're going to run to some people who don't want to share, or may not understand your philosophies, or may have a different disagreement, just always think about your athlete and make sure that you're, you know, professional polite, don't be surprised if there's not some pushback on occasion. If you have a different philosophy, just understand what your role is and, you know, try not to create an uncomfortable situation for your client because I've been in that situation where I had other people that really didn't want to share and were very protective because this is how they fed their family was with this athlete. So just understand that it's complex, you know, I'm sure some of you have maybe even had, you know, some client who lives in two different areas in trainer to trainer, they may not be open in forthcoming. So when you start to throw in the complexity of professional sports, don't be surprised if you hit a couple of roadblocks, just do everything when you said documented, explain what you're doing, be very open. And then now you know you're being ethical in all ways, but I can just give the other side of it that sometimes you're going to run into some roadblocks, it just comes with a territory when you work with elite athletes. Okay, thank you, thank you for that. It's definitely a community effort when you're thinking, when you're working with clients with multiple practitioners. So we are up against the end of the hour. So while we're waiting and I hope that those of you who are still with us listening have some questions to ask for, uh, when to Wendy and Marty, but while we're waiting for those, Wendy, to your big takeaway for today's webinar. I think my big takeaway is basically what we've been discussing the entire time. You know, again, make sure before you were to, you are to perform this type of workout or have a client or an athlete perform this at their ready. Because if there are any doubts or there's a lot of compensations, this is, um, this is and we don't want to, you know, you never want to sacrifice your form for a number. You never want to put them in an exercise. Yeah, you never want to sacrifice form for numbers or for the, the persona that the professional athlete carries and, uh, and you can finish that thought, Wendy, I tried to be you didn't work. And that was perfect. No, I mean, again, just think, just think about the CS, um, as, as a, a really truly very individualized warm-up that's going to prepare a client for whatever phase of training they're in. Don't, don't just think that it is just to see us that this is only at for beginning, um, clientele's because this can really, really help maximize any level of training and the OBT model. All right. Thank you. And, uh, how do we get in touch? Um, as you can see on screen, email me at Wendy.bats at anasm.org or my Instagram is Wendy.bats13. And people out there listening to Wendy take this information seriously, do not ask her for training session as you were a hundred-sitted. Talk from the template could happen. So thank you, for your contribution. Thanks to John for allowing the view his training. And, Marty, what's your big takeaway from the phase webinar? Like I've always saying, let the, let the model work all the end there, just learn it, follow it, and, you know, stick to it as we have written out and you'll get tremendous results. And dealing with an athletic population where people that are in great shape that doesn't mean that they're really ready for this type of workout yet with those work to rest ratios with those sets, with those reps with that volume. So make sure that they progress to it and they earn the right to get to it and then you'll get tremendous results. Don't skip anything. Because that's where you get in trouble once you start getting into this. If you skip to your progressions, if you skip to your warm-up, try that's where the, you know, bad things. But you, we want you to go through the entire continuum and you get the best results. And then contact me there. Marty. Miller at NSM Oregon, then Instagram is Miller. Morty 72. All right, thank you, Marty. And just at the close of the hour, we got a question from Kelly. And this can be for both of you. This is regarding use using the Goaniometer. And Kelly wants to know, do you think it's something to consider down the line with experience rather than from the, hold on? Do you think this is something to consider down the line with experience rather than from the, the offset or maybe the outset of your training life? So if I compare a phrase, if I compare a phrase, can we still get, can we still get valuable information from those mobility assessments or maybe wants to know that we can we wait a little while before we use the Goaniometer? Yeah, I mean, I can jump in. So I mean, that's why we've added in the mobility. So you can never do Goaniometer and still get great results. Just like anything else, we always ask you to continue to add to your toolbox. So get out there, take a course, or study how to use the Goaniometer practice it. And then just like Wendy, there'll be times where she uses it, but times I use it, and times where you may not have access to it, and the mobility assessments will still be a perfect screening tool for you. Okay, thank you very much for that explanation, Marty, and Kelly, I hope that that answers your question. And we are at the end. So thank you Wendy, and thank you, Marty. It is always informational. I always get a leave with some really good insights. And thank you Greg for keeping this show together. And thank you for everyone who spent time with us this afternoon. And we will see you next time.