All right, it's hello and welcome to our first session, our first webcast regarding return to performance programming using the NASM Auto and Performance Training model. So I am Ken Miller and I am one of the instructors for the National Academy Sports Medicine. And I am joined here today with Mr. Tony Amber Wright. And so this is a quick explanation of who I am and what we're going to be discussing today and I'll let Tony go ahead and explain who he is and big vast experience that he has in the field of return to performance. My background is one I've been an instructor with the National Academy Sports Medicine for the last 12 years and I do teach live workshops, not just for personal trainers, but also sports performance as well as corrective exercise. And my background stems from not just in the field of strength conditioning where I was a strength conditioning coach for the University of California, but I've also had a few years experience in the physical therapy environment. So from there I've had a great opportunity of working with athletes as they've unfortunately incurred injury through the season and whether it's through practice and play or through the competition itself, getting them ready to come back into integration with the team and eventually back into full competition. But also from the other end when we talk about the rehabilitative process and how do you get somebody from the hands of a physical therapist and then giving them the tools they need to get back into full practice and full play. So not only have I had the formal experience from a division one as an professional athletic performance at standpoint, but also from a rehabilitative standpoint. Now my background practically as it comes as I come from a personal training environment I've had over 24, 25 years of experience in the field of personal training. And so when we do this series on return to performance, the examples I give and the experience that I share comes from either one of those basic backgrounds. So I know that my associate Tony Amblar right here has a lot of contribution to this information as well, which is why we're here together. So Tony Amblar explaining who you are and all the great things that you've done in this industry. Thanks so much Ken. Hey everyone. I'd tell you if you're watching and listening really excited to be a part of this series on return to performance. A little bit about me fitness industry veteran of about 20 years got my start in traditional personal training and was fortunate enough to join the NESM education team in 2005. So for the better part of 15 years, I've been facilitating workshops on the OBT model and fitness sports performance and corrective exercise. My career kind of evolved and got out of traditional fitness probably about 10 years ago where I was a four to the opportunity to get involved working with athletes in the elite sport setting, primarily basketball, but also in major league baseball. And through my process there, through that process there was exposed to reconditioning and returned to performance. So many of the clients that I worked with was a byproduct of performing and training at a high level and competing at a high level, wooden counter injuries. And so part of what I was responsible for was not only helping them to perform at a high level, but also at times helping them return to performance along the way. So integrating the NESM OBT model, the concepts that we present in the OBT model as well as corrective exercise and helping them to kind of transition from, let's say, the rehab or post-reability of phase back into full training, practicing and competing. So with that, what we hope to cover today is give you an overview of what is returned to performance or return to play if you're looking at the athlete specifically. Talk about what that is. Maybe highlight some other terms that are used related to return to performance, get into some different considerations and some of the things that you want to do from a program, design and program application perspective for a variety of different scenarios. So we'll highlight again what is returned to performance, what are some of the different scenarios in which you may be involved as a, as a fitness professional if that's your background, some of the other professionals that are involved in the return to performance process, how do you create that multi-disciplinary team where you may have to collaborate with a variety of different individuals along the way. Then we'll go through what is the return to performance process look like and what are the things that are taken into consideration, what are things that you need to do in order to ensure that you cover all your bases and you do everything necessary to help that individual get back to the level that they were at before or even better. Can I, what else am I missing here? I know there were some key things that you wanted to address in this first episode in the series. Yeah, I mean, basically you touched on it and I think, you know, when you and I had Tony first talked offline, the one thing about return to performance and we initially called it return to play but return to performance was I asked more appropriate when it comes to getting an athlete, especially a higher level athlete back to in full competition. I mean, there's just a lot of information when it comes to this because you know to get somebody from the rehabilitative process into just the regular strength of conditioning and then to full confidence, you know, with full confidence, get back onto the playing field. I mean, there's just a lot of information there. So I think you summed it up really well when it comes to the objectives for the program, which is why this is a series and not just went up a set, right? So yeah, so when it comes to this and I think one of the points that, you know, we really need to get out there, especially when it comes to, I guess a lot of our listeners are going to be mostly personal trainers by trade. When it comes to this, to this webcasts, you know, what's the difference between just simply talking about corrective exercise and and return to play, return to performance or sports reconditioning just to kind of lump up those terms, you know, and that, you know, for the most part when it comes to return to performance, we were talking about getting somebody who's been compromised physically and the extreme example of somebody who's had surgery or has had some kind of debilitating injury and how do you get that person to compete at that previous level, you know, when they got injured, it's not higher. So an example of a high school player who's who got, you know, some kind of knee injury and months to perform in college or from college and still perform better at the professional or amateur level. So, you know, when it comes to that side of things, when we're talking about the term, return to performance, how do we get somebody back in the mix performing at at the very least, but not better because not at least better because what we want to do is, you know, if you were at a certain strength level, stability level or power level, to begin with, obviously, you didn't have the requisite strength or power to compete at that level, right? So, so what we're trying to do with return to performance is to get you, where you were, if not farther so that you can definitely withstand the stresses of sport to begin with, using like what we talked about, corrective exercise with a sports performance kind of accent to your training. Yeah, absolutely. One thing the other thing to, can you mention, you know, are likely audience for this webcast series and, you know, I think many of the things we'll talk about will be through our lens, again, not only working in collegiate and professional sports, but also in the fitness environment, you're going to encounter clients who compete or perform certain sports recreationally and this can certainly extend to that type of individual as well. You know, if you think about a client who may have nagging a group pain at their foot ankle, their knee, their hips and low back, and that's compromising their ability to do what they enjoy doing from a sports standpoint. Many of the things that we'll discuss would also apply to that individual. And so what are the things that you can do from a corrective exercise standpoint as well as, you know, a training standpoint to get that individual to maybe feel better, minimize the pain and discomfort that they're experiencing and get them to the point where they can enjoy the different sports and physical activities that they want to participate in. Right. And I think, you know, when we talk about the philosophy of, you know, what we're trying to do here is, and you bring up the word, you know, feel better. I mean, that's that's a hashtag, feel better, hashtag, move better when you when you watch social media. So first and foremost, if you, if you don't feel good, you're not going to perform well because you're, you're going to build up these app movement apprehensions or compensation patterns to avoid pain and that's, and that's one of the things that with movement efficiency, you know, if we're trying to get somebody to move with better range of motion with stability, with strength and with with some speed and power, we have to have you move with confidence first when it comes to getting somebody to perform at that high level. And then, and then it's, and then it's a matter of playing better as a second level of priority because if you move well, you're going to move well through, not just through that say one hour of working out or that one hour of practice and one hour of play, you still have, you know, another 23, 22 hours rest of the day to avoid compensation patterns. So it's, it's health first, performance second when it comes to the level of priority or the philosophy when it comes to return to performance because we have to remember that, you know, athletes, they are people too, just for lack of a better way of saying it's like, you know, you want to move well on the court, but I also have to move well when it comes to getting out of bed, putting away the dishes, mowing the lawn, things like that. So when we talk about, you know, return to performance, we just have to talk about return to being human and getting away from, from pain and discomfort. Yeah, no doubt. All right. So get into it, huh? Yeah. Yeah. So I think one of the biggest things when it comes to understanding this, this processes, when when we're a personal trainer, when we're a strength conditioning coach, there is a certain level of scope of practice, right? There's, there's what we are. We've shown confidence in as far as passing a test through the National Academy Sports Medicine, having a specialization or whether you're a strength conditioning coach or massage therapist. There's, there's certain lane that you are qualified to go down. But when it comes to getting somebody back into play, I mean, there's, there's a lot of, you know, a lot of cooks in the kitchen, if you will, when it comes to getting an athlete back into play. So Tony, you want to talk about your experience and what we need to consider as performance coaches on what it takes to work and collaborate with with other professionals that may be working with or a respective client or an athlete. That's in our, in our, in our midst. Certainly. Yeah. And I think, you know, you said, particularly, we need to understand our role in the process, especially if, you know, you are a personal trainer, depending on where your client is and the return to performance process as well. You got to understand that there are other professionals that are going to be involved. And have opinions and perspectives on what what the client should do in order to get better and and get back to where they, they were. And so for me, as a personal trainer, massage therapists, some background and strengthening conditioning as well. In the clients that I worked with, you know, everything, everything was driven through the team. And so, you know, the team position, the doctors, they're going to have the final, the final say, final word on what happens with that particular client. But then there's also the physical therapist rehabilitation coordinator and director of performance, the team strengthening conditioning coach, if, you know, you're, you're operating independently of that. There's the athletic trainers that also have a hand in what's going on. And then you also have to look at the coaching staff. So there's the, not only the, the coach and assistant coach, you've got skills coaches or player development coaches. You might also have, you know, front office to to deal with at that level or the administration to deal with at the collegiate level. So there's, as Ken mentioned, there's a lot of people involved in the, in the return to performance process. So understanding where you fit within, within the complexities of all that and making sure that, you know, you communicate exactly what, what you plan or what you have done with, with the client throughout that process is going to be critical. And, you know, I think the key to collaboration is communication. So making sure that, you know, whatever it is that you're doing is fully communicated to the other stakeholders involved and that whatever guidelines that they've issued any objectives that that they've communicated to you or being met as well. You know, I think that's going to be of, of utmost importance. So, regarding physician, the doctor, that could be the surgeon event, depending on where you are in the process, they're the ultimate decision maker and essentially whatever they say it goes and you have to kind of operate within the, within the, the bumpers that they've provided and then from there that that'll trickle down to some of the other individuals that that we've mentioned. So, you know, for me it was, it was all about communication making sure that whatever I was doing with the client or the athlete was was vetted to a certain extent by the key stakeholders involved and that I was communicating exactly what what I was doing. We'll, we'll talk a little bit more about it. I'm sure towards the end of this session, but that's where the, the opportunity to perform assessments and provide regular feedback on progress is going to be important and letting whoever needs to know where the, the client is at before you work with them as well as where they're at after you work with them to to ensure that everybody knows, you know, hey, this is the progress that was made or, or not made and how do we, how do we adjust and modify from there if needed? Right. And that's, and that's one of those things that, you know, I've, I've, I really cherish about one of the things that I've done and working at the university is that we actually had sessions where it would sit down. So it'd be the head coach, the athletic trainer, myself as the strength conditioning coach and the nutritionist, right? So if there was, you know, an athlete, I won't name any answer when he sports in specifically, but if there was an athlete who was coming back from let's say an ACL tear, we wanted to know things like, okay, well, what are the limitations from the doctor or the physician? And then, and then what, okay, if there was a limitation of, they can, they can squat but not lunge, you know, for whatever reason, the, the physical therapist or the doctor placed those limitations, then, you know, that's something that has a strength coach. I had to do that. So if I wanted to squat or some variation of a squat, I could do a ball wall squat, but there was no lunges, but then that would spark me to ask questions like, well, is that just a forward punch or can they do a side lunge or can they do a lunge, maybe half, you know, half a range of motion or can they do a side lunge without pain? And they might say, okay, no forward lunging, but I'm okay with a side lunge with so many degrees of flexion in the knee and the hip. And then, yeah, so, yeah, but the other part of the, yeah, what are, yeah, what are some alternative patterns that they can be implemented? Yeah, stay within those limitations that have been provided, but, but still still get some benefit for the athlete, yeah, for sure. Yeah. And then the other side of things is that when you have the athletic trainer who's, who's that, you know, they're, they're that go between again between physical therapy or the physician and strength conditioning. This is where you also need to figure out, okay, well, if this athlete is at practice and they're doing a bunch of core work, a lot of balance work, you know, just as a sideline type of activity to keep him busy and to strengthen up those deficiencies that, you know, that they've had since the injury. And then, if I make and modifications in the strengthening room in the weight room, then I want to make sure that I'm not doing double of what the athletic trainer just did, so if they're doing balance work, core work, and then they come to me and like, well, there's no squatting, no lunging, then guess what, I have left to do it. Well, maybe I'm doing a little, little core work, some flexibility, some balance work, and there's been, there's been a couple of times where, it's like, all right, what have you been doing with the athletic training? I was like, well, this is what I did. Well, darn, that was what I had planned for, so never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never. Yeah, exactly, so from that standpoint, it then it's like, okay, well, they're doing that with you, then, hey, we can do this in this environment. So that way, we're always compounding and building upon the progress that we made. So in coordinating with St. Peter Point, if everybody has a role, we can complement each other and see that we are, you know, we're just adding and progressing, whenever we can. So somebody's doing, you know, flexibility of one session, then we can work on core work and maybe some dynamic movements in another session and making sure that we're keeping the, the athlete engaged because we're constantly challenging them. And that is one, you know, a confidence builder in two. It's just, you know, we're just adding to their arsenal of movement strategies that they can incorporate on their own. Yeah, no doubt. Absolutely. I think, you know, we make it into this a little bit more, I know we'll certainly get into it in our subsequent sessions, but that's where looking at opportunities to improve other areas of the athlete's development or clients, physical development. So, you know, you might be limited in terms of what you can do directly around the side of injury, but they've got other parts of their body that may need some work and you might need to level up as well. So what are some things that you can look at from a kind of a kinetic chain or, you know, in our new CES, we talk about the regional and herd of pendants model. You know, even though the injury might be, let's say to the knee, in the rehab process, and as part of the reconditioning process, if things aren't being done around the, or to the adjacent areas, let's say around the hip or at the ankle, you know, are those areas that you can exploit and, you know, focus on if, if some of the other things that you had in mind or planning on doing, we're already addressed with other members on that team as part of that collaborative effort. So, you know, we know that ankle range of motion is going to be critical for, you know, somebody who is returning to performance from some type of knee injury. And so if that's not a primary focus of, of the process with the other individuals on the team, then you can be a great compliment there by ensuring that the ankles move and well, the hip is moving well, they've got good proximal control and stability around the hip, and that's just going to, accelerate or, you know, be a great compliment to, to what, what other things are doing in their program? Right, exactly. And, and, you know, you say, you say it, you know, really efficiently, there is like, you know, whatever the point of injury is, that's what gets a lot of the love and attention, right? But, again, when it comes to regional independence, you know, the initiative with the knee could have been because of lack of ankle dorsi flexion or lack of hip stability, range of motion, things like that. But, I, one of the things that I saw Tony, and you can share as well, if this has been your experience. But, a lot of times when somebody does, let's say an example of a single leg squat, it's the, it's the, the compromise leg, or the injured leg that upon revaluation four weeks, eight weeks down the line, that looks like if I'm doing a single leg squat on the right side versus the left side, a lot of times it's the, the rehabed hip and knee, that looks awesome. And it's the, you know, quote unquote, healthy knee, that sometimes looks not as good or it looks like that could have been the injured leg to begin with. So, when, so if if somebody had gone through physical therapy and that, that right leg, let's say if that was the injured leg, that's the one that's been getting all the love and all the attention and all the, the manual work and all the strengthening. But, meanwhile, you have this left leg that's kind of just been dangling in the wind. So, as a personal trainer strength coach, if you realize that the opposite side or the unindered side has, you know, isn't moving efficiently, that's, that's an opportunity as a performance coach we have coordinator to look at, okay, let's look at the whole body, see what's available to be worked on, or what should be worked on to help get the whole system working in tandem at that efficient, total body movement pattern. Yeah, exactly agree with you 100%. All right, I'm going to be that. Yeah, and I think, you know, the other thing that, you know, outside of the allied medical field physical therapist surgeon, athletic trainer, I, one of the things that we as personal trainer strength coaches also need to look at is, you know, other forms of movement and exercise that your athlete may be involved with. For example, if you have somebody that loves to do pilates or loves to do yoga or they love zoom back, right? He's a, I wouldn't be mean, but I love the music that I couldn't do it. But, from the standpoint of, okay, somebody does, let's say, they're on a reform or they're on a Pilates reformer, and they just got done with, say, they did a workout session that morning, and if they have an afternoon session with me, that's, that's another thing that I wanted to be able to kind of throw into that pot, as far as the information that I need to know and understand about, okay, what has their body physically been involved with? And so what can I add on to, or what can I do I need to back off on my own? So again, if I have flexibility as part of the priorities, and somebody does yoga, I want to know what poses that they've done because if anything, you just want to, again, support them and make sure that they're doing the right yoga poses versus somebody that can be put something that can be putting more stress onto their system than I feel comfortable with, depending on where they're coming from with the injury. Yeah, absolutely. Any, and you mentioned something really critical there, too, is that, you know, you may have to back, back office, certain things, depending on where in the process and, and what level you're doing this, the athlete or client, you know, might be getting pulled in multiple directions, they might be interacting and working with a variety of different individuals by the time they get to you, it may be too much. And so you have to figure out, okay, what's critical for this person, what can I do that's not going to overload them further, which could be detrimental to the process as well. So that's where communication is key, really having a full understanding of everything that they're doing in the schedule, and ensuring that you can make the appropriate modification so that you're, you're not a wrench in the wheel or wrench in the hog, so to speak. And doing things that could potentially set the process back, more isn't always better, especially as you're taking somebody through this process. Right. Now, Tony, you've had a lot of experience at the professional level. Now, if you had to talk to the team athletic trainer or the team physical player, whoever the decision maker is, if you're trying to figure out, okay, well, what does this player need from me today, right now? What are some of the questions that you ask? And I'm asking you that because I am under the thought process of, you know, great questions, great quality questions means great quality answers, and by that I mean, the more that I know about what needs to be done, the better I can apply what I know to this person and getting back onto the field of play. So, so what's one of the, you know, the top two questions that you might ask somebody else in the Allied Medical Field, you know, as far as what you need to know to do the best job you can with the intention of the athlete mind. Sure, sure. No, I mean, I think the first question is what what shouldn't I do? Is there anything I absolutely should not do? What is completely off limits? Really understanding, the full scope of the situation and what are the considerations and things that I need to be aware of, so that again, I'm not, I'm not setting anything back with what I'm doing. That would be the last thing that you'd ever want to have happen is be responsible for, for a setback. So what are the absolute, what are the critical things that I need to know to not do or stay away from and that I need to take into consideration when putting my programming together? And then, you know, I think the other thing is just ultimately making sure that I'm clear on what the, what the teams objectives are or the team staff's objectives are. What are the key milestones that, that they're looking for the athlete to pick it and before they feel comfortable with, with them moving on to the next level and then that way I can ensure that I'm as supportive as I can be in that process. And, you know, if I'm aware of key dates, key milestones, key objectives on their side, then it makes it much easier for me to figure out where I can fit most appropriately in the process. Right. All, all excellent things like, you know, one of the things we talked about is, you know, as far as communication goes and what, what is the ultimate goal for this player? So if we are in season, you know, one of the things that, you know, you and I talked about and one of the things that I, that I wanted to know from, from my coaches is, okay, this person's had an ankle spring. Are we aggressively trying to get this person back to a playing level, right? And we want them on the field, would you rather have this person go at 80%. And, you know, still be the starter or are we going to shut this guy down because the second string player is good enough to take on the position. So, you know, are we, you know, what's the timeline as time like to recover? Yeah. Yeah. So, are we really trying to get this person back immediately, ASAP, or are we going to shut him down and do the process? And, and I think, you know, when it comes to communication, like, you know, one of the things that you're, you're talking about as far as I'm interpreting what you're saying is, okay, what's the intention? You know, where do we want to be and how fast we want to be there or what's the strategy to get there? And, you know, just as much as I want them to know well, how much I want that I want to know what their intentions are. They should know what my intentions are. And I remember one situation where I planned out, you know, as much as you can plan, right? I think Mike Tyson, you know, to quote him, he said, you know, everybody's got a plan until they get punched in the face. Right? Right? So, you know, I can lay out a three week plan or a four week week re-conditioning a return to performance plan. And then I get to the first session and then I'm just now, now get through that or let's not can't do that, but, you know what, their better shape than what I had originally anticipated. So, I'm going to bump it up a little bit so that we can keep the progress going. So, and I've had coaches and I've had physical therapists say, hey, that's awesome, right? Keep it as is or I've had, I've had the same people say, you know what, I do not know what that means and I don't know where you're going with that, but that this is where the bridging of communication comes into place. So, when it comes to, you know, what, what I asked earlier is like, okay, what do we want to know? What do I want to know? To help better serve, but there's also the, you know, the feedback loop on, okay, well, based on what I understand you want me to do. Here's what I want you to know about what my plans are, what my intentions are, self being kind of forward thinking and then sharing that information, mine's a being pretty important too, because then you start to have a conversation of, okay, well, what do we have available? And how are we, you know, what assets do we have and what are the parameters? What are, what are, you know, what she said earlier, what are our bumpers, you know, to help keep us within within our lane. So to speak, and that rehabilitation or that post-reability of process. Yeah, yeah, and then, you know, going back to your question, what questions what I asked, I think the primary, another critical question and one that I always make sure to ask, maybe as the first thing is, how can I best support you? So if I'm talking to somebody on the staff, whether it's the physician or most, most often I would directly interact with the doctors, I'd be directly interacting with the director of performance for the team or the rehab coordinators, what can I do to best support you and the process and what your goals are for the athlete? And, you know, it is, you've got to recognize again your place and in everything and, you know, while you're there to serve your client and the athlete, you have to understand that you're the, you're a part of a much larger team with with other aspirations and objectives and you have to be able to support that. And let them know that you're there to support them and, and I think everybody has the, the ultimate outcome in mind, which is, you know, to get the athlete back back to performing at a high level as soon as possible. And so that's going to be critical too, is that you don't want to be perceived as, you know, this, this rogue provider practitioner coach that is working against the, the other stakeholders involved and that you're there to to facilitate and facilitate their, their goals and objectives as well and to support that process. Right, exactly. So, so, so Tony with with the fact that, you know, you've, you interacted with teams and you've worked with individuals. What's, what's one of the key things that, and I'm doing this because I want to know how you function, how you work considering all that you've done in the industry. You know, what are the some of the things that, you know, you would, you want that you want a allied medical professional to know about your thought process in your, in your, how you facilitate the return to performance service that you offer. Yeah, no, it's, you know, it's interesting. It's, it's not too complex. And I think that's the great thing about the NASM models that, uh, that will be highlighting through the series in terms of corrective exercise and the optimum performance training model is that, you know, by following a system and implementing a progressive approach to how you interact with your clients, it makes it easy to describe and explain exactly what you might plan on doing with, with the client through the process. So when it comes to assessment, understanding the data and the, the assessments that have already been done and, and then how you can support that with, you know, some of the things that you might be better equipped or some of the, the, the things that you might be more comfortable with implementing. So for me, it was, you know, when applicable, being able to perform certain movement assessments and then we would utilize isolated range of motion testing, goingometric assessment as part of our process. So basically, uh, performing range of motion assessments, let's us know segmentally where there might be limitations or deficits in, in mobility and we would use that to directly guide our, uh, use that to directly guide the program that I would put together. And so from, from a therapy and reconditioning corrective exercise perspective, that's what I would go through with, with the other members on the team. So here's, uh, here's the assessment process I use. Here's what it tells me and, and I use that information on to put together the program that you see. Um, basically, if this, then that type of scenario. And then, um, from a training standpoint, just kind of walked them through the, the levels of the OBT model from stabilization, strength, and power. What my intention is by incorporating those different components and elements from core balance, plyometric training to integrated functional resistance training. And, um, that that served me very well. It made a very easy, uh, leveraging, you know, periodization and, you know, plan programming to kind of explain my approach with, uh, with the client with the athlete. So I don't know if that answered your question completely, but, you know, it wasn't too complicated. It wasn't too complex because I'm not, uh, you know, the simpler you can keep things for me the better. But, um, you know, basically, here's my, here's my assessment process. This is the criteria used to, uh, to determine the programming. Um, this is how I implement the programming. And, uh, from a training, a strength and conditioning perspective, these are the different phases that, uh, that I utilize and we'll plan on taking the client through to, uh, to help them get back to where they were. Right. Right. No, that's, that's, that's, uh, you know, that's a pretty comprehensive strategy, you know, and one of the things that I find and, you know, because we, we're, we're cut from the same cloth when it comes to, um, you know, utilizing the, the training model that, um, you know, the optimal performance training model that any of some promotes and teaches. But, you know, and I think that, you know, you know, for the uninitiated, um, your explanation is basically what I had to have discussions about, you know, both from, on the bookends of things, right? You have your, your rehabilitative team, right? Physical therapists, physicians, and then you have your sports performance as well as your sports specific coach, and you're that person that bridges the gap through all of that. So I think, you know, with what you're saying, it's like, you know, first we want to work on, you know, you know, where are we deficient in movement strategy, and then how could we make that better? And then how do we progress the intensity from stability through strength and to power to where now if I'm a, if I'm a lacrosse player, how well can I stop, control that, that stop, that change of direction and re-accelerate into a different direction. And then now I've got my lacrosse dick and now I've got to be able to contort my body so I can get enough rotation to, you know, pass a ball or, or take a shot. So, you know, and letting, you know, how do you communicate that to the physical therapists? Okay, well, this is where this is where we need to go or have to go and be able to do it with this injury, you know, through that process that you talked about. So again, with the certain level of assessments, you're going to complement the information that's already available, give them more information that, okay, understand that, you know, they're, they're at 40 degrees, you know, knee extension where, you know, ultimately we want to do, we want to have about 20 degrees knee extension and then from that 90, 90 position. But if that is more information than what they have to give to you and you're providing, giving them that feedback on what you found, then I think everybody's in a better position to make decisions. And but you can also feed it forward to the performance side of things or the sports coach and say, I would love to get them onto the field, but based on what I'm finding, they've got, you know, a, you know, they've got 40 degrees on this knee, but they only have, you know, they only have 40 degrees on this knee and they have a full 20 on this other knee. So that's going to lead to, you know, unbalanced loading, compromised hips, you know, as far as how you're going to push off with one side versus the other, um, Lombar's spine is going to be loaded, you know, that the spine is going to be loaded differently. So when we talk about, you know, that communication and what you want them to know, um, I think, you know, just adding to the bigger picture. Because it's all a puzzle, right, and now we're trying to do is just put more, put more pieces so we can have, you know, get a better idea of what the landscape is. Um, when it comes to, you know, getting somebody to, perform better, but I think, communicating and gathering that information from, um, one-end, one book end to the other book end because if, if we're, as, you know, return to performance coordinators, if you will, um, that explanation kind of fills in the gap of what the rehab side may or may not know and what the performance side may or may not know, you know, from, from that vantage point. Now, exactly, you mentioned the skills, you know, skills development as well, you know, you think back to a specific client, uh, had been working with him very long, um, he was getting ready to get back, uh, report to camp. And so, uh, he had a skills coach that was working with him and a key piece to the, the puzzle, if you will, as you put it, was working directly with the skills coach to ensure that what they were doing on court and in their sessions was complementing the, the objectives of the, the reconditioning and performance training program. So, you know, understanding that, okay, this athlete is, um, is returning from a back injury and there are certain things from a skills development perspective, certain drills and certain exercises that, um, that should be, should be performed with caution or avoided completely as you're going through this process. So, you know, that, uh, that's another critical thing to, uh, to consider, is that, you know, on the skills development side, there's certain objectives there and, uh, certain programs and, and drills and things that are that are performed that may not consider what, uh, what's being done on the, the rehab reconditioning and performance training side. So, making sure that that everyone's on the same page and working from the same sheet of music is going to be important and, and that respect to, right, right. And, and, and one more example that, you know, I've seen out there's like, when you're working with, let's say, a golf coach, as, as as an example, you know, one of the things that I want to ask the athletes specifically is, you know, you're seeing your swing coach and what is it about your swing characteristics that your, your coach wants you to do better. So, it's about, you know, getting more thoracic rotation than I might say, okay, well, let's do maybe a, um, you know, an upper spinal twist, you know, as a statics total body, you know, stretch where I'm laying on the ground and I'm just going to rotate my spine, all that there for about 60 seconds just to, you know, open up the whole spine with the emphasis of, you know, getting the shoulders to open up and getting that spine to rotate. So, you know, and if I put them on the program then, you know, then that's something that the swing coach can actually say, okay, well, that's, that's awesome. That's great. And, you know, and when they go back for their subsequent lessons or swing coach sessions, then we can say, all right, well, if that worked, let's try something else or what else can we do to facilitate that, that desired body position or that desired motion, you know, but if I, if I assess, you know, you can go, you know, the desired range of motion to the right or from left to right, but then you're limited right to left, then that's, that's other things that we can work with on, you know, from a skill perspective, you know, as far as, okay, there's the sport and then there's the position or certain aspects of the motion that need to be facilitated. So, those are the things that, you know, I've, I've seen that really helps facilitate, you know, better movement. So, not just about getting stronger, but can they do the actual motion specific towards that sport? Yeah, exactly, makes sense. Well, I think just looking at what we've covered to this point, you know, we've talked about the, you know, definition of what is returned to performance, reconditioning, you know, the philosophy, overarching philosophy of, you know, focusing on moving better first, looking at, you know, injury or re-injury prevention, you know, not going to serve anybody if, if the athlete gets hurt in that process or re-injured, the goal to build confidence in the athlete is there as they're recovering and returning from from the injury, and that, you know, secondary that would be, would be getting them to play better, incorporating sport specific drills. We talked about the collaboration between various stakeholders and professionals involved with that's a physical therapist athletic trainer, a care practice physician, or the, you know, medical doctor and or surgeon. You got the strength and addition inside of things, other activities that the athlete or client might be involved in from, you know, Pilate, Yoda, as well as on the coaching side, you've got your sport coaches, skills development and player development coaches. You know, I don't know if we highlighted this or not, but the different scenarios that that you might encounter from a return to play standpoint. So at the macro level, you might be looking at, you know, post-reability and have returned to play or return to performance scenario in sport, it might be with, you know, if you have an offseason scenario, that's, that's going to be one thing. If you have an inseason scenario, that's going to be something completely different, which, you know, you touched on that a little bit, and then at the micro level, you know, is there an acute injury that that you have to help that individual return from as well and what's your place in that process? We talked about scope of practice, staying in your lane, you know, as personal trainers, strength coaches, you know, what can be done from a self care or, you know, coach directed standpoint that can the complicity, the objectives of the return to performance program. And, you know, what, what can we do to get that individual back to, you know, full practice, full strengthening, positioning and competition? So, trying to think, what else have we covered or what else do we need to cover in this kind of initial episode? I guess different techniques and strategies, you know, that that we would be, that would be used in the return to performance process. You kind of focus on that and then think that might be a good place to to shut it down, huh? Yeah, I think so. I think from the techniques and strategies perspective, the thing about this is that, thinking about this process, that I think that our listeners need to know and understand about getting an injured athlete back into play, is that we're, what we're really trying to do with the system is to be consistent with how we deliver the information or how we apply or practice the, you know, the return to performance programming. So, you know, and that comes from a couple's perspectives and then if I'm going to get a referral from a coach or another player who knows another player who's been injured, you want to be able to duplicate, you know, the process from one player to just for from a consistency standpoint, you know. So, if it works for one, I mean, if you follow a philosophy or a system, then it should work on different levels, whether your seventh grader is playing on two soccer teams or if your professional athlete has been doing the same sport for the last 20 years, you know, so to get somebody back into the full practice and flow play, you know, you do want to be consistent with how you apply this, apply this information. So, whether you're in the weight room or you're, you know, you're giving homework, I mean, if you're following the information as it's delivered through the, up to performance training model, you know, you want to be able to, you know, are we going to inhibit or relax, you know, muscles that are doing too much? Are we going to get some length of those muscles that have just been shortened for, you know, because they sit behind a desk and are we going to activate those latent muscles or those muscles that aren't doing enough work? And then how do we string it together to get the whole system working as one when it comes to the desired motion, whether it's rotation, kicking a ball, throwing things, things like that. So, when we talked about corrective exercise, training or corrective exercise in general, you know, the techniques in the strategies, I think, if we're following those basic four steps that you brought up earlier, Tony, it's just about being consistent with how we work amongst different athletes, but also, if that's the building block for how we're going to train today and how we're going to train three months from now, you know, you know, for a lot of people just requires repeat exposures to the, to the same, to the same information, but now varying at based on, you know, what their capacity for work is. Yeah, that's great. And I think, too, I don't know if we, if we highlighted this, but when it comes to the different professionals that you might be involved in and where the corrective exercise or return to performance specialists may fall, you know, you've got the rehabilitation professionals, right? You've got the physical therapist athletic trainers, through that rehabilitation process, you know, they're going to be focused primarily on the site of injury. One of the primary objectives is to get the individual to be able to return to activities of daily living and then an opportunity for return to the return to performance professional or corrective exercise specialists is to, you know, increased the level of intensity of the activities and programming compared to what they experienced in rehab. You know, when you look at a modified conditioning plan, you know, we, we highlighted the earlier looking at the, the entire body. So the kinetic chain, a regional interdependence approach, not only are you going to continue to, to focus on the area where they were hurt, but you also have an opportunity and maybe a responsibility to look at other areas of the body that could ultimately impact and create more stress to to the site of injury. Return to performance is a pathway to the demands of sport and, you know, it's an intermediate step to that full participation on the field of play and or strength and conditioning. So, you know, from there, you've got strength and conditioning where you might look at sports and position specific conditioning, modified and player specific movement prep might be a slight modification to accommodate certain movement restrictions with, with that person. So again, it's that bridge between rehab and full strength conditioning practice and competition where you can leverage those principles and strategies of corrective exercise and in the optimum performance training model. Right. So I think I think at this point in time, we we overview the information as far as where the next five, six sessions are going to go when it comes to this, you know, we're turned to performance. So I think as far as our listeners go, you know, as far as letting them know what's to follow, one of the things that we can look at on our next session is going to be looking at return to performance for foot n ankle and down the line, we're going to address return to performance for hips, shoulders and low back. And then we're going to go into some sports. Like, you know, you mentioned earlier, you've got to, you've got to really deep experience when it comes to working with professional basketball and baseball. So those are the next two topics we're going to hit up when it comes to court sports as well as rotational sports when it comes, you know, to tennis and baseball throwers and let's say somebody who's got a bat or even lacrosse. So I'm really looking forward to the next year golf, especially golf. I'm really looking forward to these next five six sessions. We have lined up, but I think when it comes to just over viewing what we're going to discuss, you know, this is this has been great information as far as what we as fitness professional sports professionals need to know about what it takes to get somebody from an injured state back to full participation and play and whatever sport that they want to do. Yep, no doubt. Got a lot to chew on and think about really excited for the the subsequent sessions as well. So with that, I guess we can sign off. Thanks everyone for listening and look forward to seeing you again soon for return to performance for the foot and ankle. Yeah, thanks so much.