How's it going everybody? This is another episode of our return to performance series and today you have Ken Miller and that's me and you have my buddy Tony Amlar right over there. Everyone, everyone. And today it's a great topic and this is one where Tony and I we spent quite a bit of time going over this information just because there's so much information when it comes to the shoulder complex. The shoulder, despite the sport, I mean anywhere from you know, you have your obvious athletes that play baseball, tennis, golfwear. It's hard to find a sport that doesn't where you won't find an athlete that hasn't been some way affected by the shoulder. And she's Tony? Absolutely. Yeah, whether it's swimming, basketball, you mentioned some of the others and then your recreational or physique athletes even when we get into strength training and training for a particular sport, the shoulders is obviously an integral joint complex that oftentimes many people have aches and pains and so on and so on. So I think this is a really critical topic to address and one that I'm excited about and I know you are too so it should be fun. Should we get time up? So let's start off and the one thing I, we want to talk about, you know, the athletes that will come across but just to tie in a little bit of a personal story on how getting introduced to the NASM optimum performance training model. NASM transition what they taught because a lot of people don't realize that back in the day when the National Academy Sports Medicine was first out there, they taught a different format, they taught a different philosophy on resistance training, which yeah, they taught six steps performing and exercise. So at that point in time the idea of stability, strength, power, the progressions, cube variables as we know it today, that was not in existence until 2000 as it is through 2001 as it is delivered through the National Academy Sports Medicine but when Dr. Mike Clark was doing his going through his masters, this was his thesis, this is how he got the information out there but fortunately for us and the personal training industry, this has been basically now common practice and hopefully it's more practice than it, you know, then it was 20 years, it bad, it's 20 years ago now. But I remember when I first came across Mike or Dr. Mike Clark, Alan Russell, Tyler Wallace, I was having at that point in time shoulder issue and it's just one of those things where I just attributed it to having a experience with high school wrestling playing baseball, and playing football and this recurring shoulder injury would come up and talking to Alan Russell at the time, you know, he said, well, it may not be your shoulder and I'm like, all right, okay, I don't see what's so, you know, earthshed or you're about that but as we assessed, he had me do the overhead squat, single leg squat and from that standpoint, having watched the video that it was taken away so that that point it was VHS and yeah, yeah and he said, you know, see how your knees are buckling and see how much forward lean you have, see how your arms are falling forward, it's not just the shoulder in and of itself, it's your body, you've got a body problem, right? And yeah, it's not just a shoulder, you've got a problem, body problem, I like that because it's not any because years later going through a TPI or Tiles Performance Institute workshop, I came across Tom House who was a presenter at that conference and one of the things that he said that again resonated even more so is that if you've got a shoulder problem, you've got a body problem, right? And so that's where, you know, with this subject of the shoulder complex, it became, again, it's not just a shoulder, it is a complex and, you know, we could easily geographically isolate it down to this quadrant or this quadrant but it is a true reflection of how your body really functions. So if you are an overhead athlete, like Tony mentioned, you know, whether you're playing tennis or a throw or baseball player, everything from Tonyels to fingernails, literally, is involved with that action and the shoulder complex is a big part of that and because there's so much, as we'll talk about just with the anatomy, there's a lot that goes into it and because of how it's structured and, you know, in last weeks, um, episode we talk about the hip complex, which is primarily, you know, we talk about the ball and socket, well, you can't really say the same thing about the shoulder as it is more like a golf ball and T, but when we look at all the degrees of freedom that the shoulder, the glenochiumo joint gives you, you have a lot of degrees of freedom, which gives you a lot of instability as well. So, Tony, um, you are the man when it comes to anatomy and functional anatomy. What are, what are the top things that a trainer needs to understand about the anatomy of the shoulder complex? Sure, yeah, let's go over that before I get into that though, I just want to say I had an experience with Al Russell too, doing a kinetic change assessment at the old, at the old Calabassus facility, um, when they were still running clinical services. So, your, your story brought back to memories. Um, I think I'll probably mention the same thing to me that I had a body problem, but, uh, Al if you're listening, what's up, man? Um, but, uh, yeah, so the anatomy, I think it's common for us when we think about the shoulder to, who think only of the glenochiumo joint, which is that ball and socket articulation. So, the, the head of the humerus and, and it's interface with the glenoid of the scapula. And as Ken mentioned, you know, the hip, the, the ball and socket of the hip, the head of the femur and the acetabulum. Um, there's much more, uh, Tony congruence there. The socket's much deeper, so it's much more stable. Whereas at the shoulder, the glenoid is very shallow and, uh, to use Ken's analogy, it's like a golf ball resting on a golf tee. And so with the, with the glenochiumo joint and the shoulder joint in particular, you know, it is a very mobile complex. However, that mobility does come at a cost or requires a compromise in stability and that compromise in stability increases vulnerability to pain and injury. And so when we look at the, the shoulder complex, it does consist from, uh, Tony, uh, anatomy perspective that the bones involved primary bones involved are the humerus, the upper arm, your clavicle and the scapula. And between those three bones, there's a four primary joints or four primary articulations that are involved in the shoulder complex that allow it to move and afford it all of those degrees of freedom. So you've got the scapula thoracic articulation or scapula thoracic joint. It's not necessarily a true joint, but it's the, the interface between the ribcage and the scapula. And you've got the glenochiumo joint, which we've already discussed. It's the, the head of the humerus and the scapula, the glenoid of the scapula. Then you have the sternoclevicular joint, which is where the sternum and the clavicle meet. And you have your acromioclicular joint, which is where the, uh, proman and the, uh, excuse me, where the, uh, the clavicle meets the acromion. So the, uh, all four of these articulations are extremely important when you look at the total mobility of the shoulder complex. Um, sternoclevicular joint will, we'll talk a little bit more about that a few minutes, but, you know, the sternoclevicular joint is the only, uh, direct skeletal connection between the upper extremity and the trunk. So when you think about that, um, this may, this area of the body may be more important to, reconditioning and programming and, uh, to address than you may initially have thought. So, with it being that only direct skeletal, uh, connection to the shoulder. Um, dimens anything there, Ken. I know it was going to go through it. No, that's, um, mean, that's, and that's feeds into one of the important reasons why we need to understand anatomy. And, you know, when it, when it comes to the total reconditioning of an athlete back to whatever sport it is that they're doing and if the shoulder complex is where they have these issues, you know, a lot of times it's commonplace to just look at, okay, here's where I heard this is where I need to do and then you've only relegated your programming to exercises that address that area versus, you know, what we'll talk about in a little bit when we talk about, again, the assessment process and all the different things you need to look at and consider when, um, trying to, and I say post rehabilitate or reintegrate the complex as it should be because, you know, there's not really a sport out there where you're not going to use the whole body for the activity. So, um, when you talk about, again, between the, the, the clavicle, the scapula, uh, the humorous and how those bones all interact and all interact differently, they need to be addressed differently in the reprogramming of of how those joints move relatively, relatively speaking. So, and this is what gets you off of the table and, you know, a motive, actually, to get off of the table and, you know, doing, you know, having worked in, you know, having gone through physical therapy myself and having worked with physical therapists, and you see a lot of the, the traditional stuff, you know, like, you're sideline, dumbbell, internal external rotation or standing with a band internal external rotation. Yeah, but a lot of times when you talk to somebody about their, their rehab or re, you know, their re-conditioning as they've been through before, that's what they'll bring up. But it only deals with, you know, certain muscles and in those examples, a lot of times the focus is just the rotator cuff. But now, um, when you talk about those joints, different muscles run through all those, run through and connect those joints together. So, so beyond the anatomy of the bones and the bone structure, what muscles do the trainers need to study up on when it comes to, you know, true function of that of that region? Yeah, yeah, for sure, all of them. The entire body. Now, I'd say, you know, some key muscles and, you know, table listening can address earlier how, you know, the lower extremity can certainly be involved in what you see in the upper upper extremities up into the shoulder complex. But I'd say, for the sake of our topic today, you know, it's important to, to have good understanding of the, the function of the, the intrinsic core musculature, the superficial abs, you know, rectus of bleaks, the glutes. Those are going to be critical muscles as well. And, um, the erectors spinae. So, those, uh, when you look at the, the muscles of the lumbar pelvic kit complex, those big ones, they're going to be important because they, uh, help control the position of the ribs and the pelvis. And the position of the, the pelvis and the ribs will directly affect and influence what happens at the scapula thoracic joint, which then feeds into what happens at the, the other articulations in the shoulder. And then we'll talk about it a little bit more when it comes to programming. But how your client is able to deselinate and accelerate forces through the lower extremity up into the hips that will also influence the stress that's placed on the upper extremity. So, um, you know, within the, the lumbar pelvic kit complex, those are going to be some, some key muscles to, uh, to be familiar with. And then as we, we move up the body, um, you've got muscles that attach the, the trunk, or attach from the trunk to the scapula. So, you've got muscles like the peck minor, the rhomboids, the middle and lower trapezius, serratus anterior. And you've got muscles that attach from the trunk directly to the humerus. And that, that will be your lats and your peck major. Then you've got the muscles that attach from the scapula directly to the humerus. And those are going to be, you know, uh, your rotator cuff musculatures, the sits muscles, sub-scapulaireus, inferspinatus, terries minor, superspinatus. Um, you've got your delts, terries major, uh, corpopricialis is one, and then your biceps and triceps, uh, attach from the, uh, the scapula to the upper arm. And then you've got your cervical musculature as well, uh, upper trapezius, scalines, sternoclidomastoid, and the levator scat. So again, we talked about the shoulder complex, being very complex, uh, there's a number of muscles that influence and affect how the, the shoulder functions. And so all of that needs to be taken into consideration when you're developing your programming. And, um, you know, what's great is that framework that we've, that we've talked about the NASM, corrective exercise framework from assessment to programming really allows you to to highlight and hone in on what areas you may need to focus on more specifically in the program in order to restore, uh, full function at that, uh, at that region of the body. Um, um, so, you know, with that said, some additional anatomical considerations for the shoulder, um, we already talked about mobility and that mobility comes in a cost. Um, you've got the ligament structure, uh, the ligaments that, the form the capsule around the shoulder that provides some stability. You also have the labrum, which is, uh, another, uh, another piece of, uh, which is another connective tissue structure that, um, provides or affords that mobility. So the labrum basically extends, um, off of the Glenwood and provides some of that stability for the, for the Glenwood-Humeral joint. Um, and then, uh, the other thing, this will be a big one we talk about, you know, some of the injuries or aches and pains that, um, that your clients might experience or athletes might have experienced is that core acromial arch, um, and basically that arch is formed by the core acromial ligament, the core-quaid process and, uh, and the acromion, uh, or core-quared in the acromion, and basically the underneath that core acromial arch is where the superspinatus tend and runs, uh, the long head of the biceps tend and runs through their, you've got a subacromial bursea in there as well, and those tissues can become compressed, uh, within that core acromial arch, and so that compression and, uh, basically creates impigement and that can lead to irritation. So when we get into, um, the, when we get into the biomechanics of the shoulder, and you look at, re-establishing, uh, re-establishing normal, um, mobility there, uh, a lot of it is going to be centered around maintaining that ideal subacromial space so that you don't get those, those tissues impinging and compressing on each other. Um, did I miss anything there, Ken? Uh, I hope not. Yeah, so we'll be here. Yeah, we'll be here in another 20 minutes. Uh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think, you know, the takeaway, there's, there's a lot of stuff going on, that, uh, that should be considered when it comes to your assessments and programming, and, um, and, uh, with that in mind, um, there's a, a number of different motions that, uh, that can occur at the shoulder, which, you know, I know, Ken, I think we're going to get into some of those. Um, yeah. I mean, I mean, the big, the big part of the shoulder is, I mean, is that, uh, I mean, you have your, I mean, if you were going to look at the planar's standpoint, you know, flexion extension, horizontal, addduction, addduction, internal external rotation, um, you know, and of course, you know, you have, you know, that 360 degrees of circumduction when it comes to the shoulder. So, it, I mean, it's, you point in the direction the shoulder is meant to go there, almost pretty pretty much, but, um, um, when we, when we start to look at, and this is one of those things where when we get looking at, uh, we're talking about the assessment process, but, um, when we talk about, I mean, we're, it's main now, but, you know, if you look five months ago, you had the New Year's Rush, um, you know, before everything was shut down, and, you know, you have people performing these exercises that they might have gotten out of the magazine, or stuff that they took away from what they did in high school, or, or whatever, but, um, you know, with, you know, getting back to your connection between the hip and the shoulder. Even though we're talking about the shoulder today, you can't not bring up the hip, or the hip complex just because of, you know, all the things that you mentioned. You know, if you're in a bad position at the hip, that's going to influence the position of the spine. And then, of course, influence the position of the scapular thoracic, and then, of course, the gleno-heumol when it comes to overhead motion. So you, you can have a situation where, you know, someone's got a low back arch, excessive low back arch, and now they're performing things like just regular exercise like an overhead press, or, um, to, to put it in another direction. Now they're seated and, you know, and a lat pulled down, and they're doing behind the neck, pulled down, which now, you know, now you're influencing it from the top top down. So, you know, one thing that I learned early on is that, um, you know, the dancers are in the anatomy. I think it was Lenny Peresino that, that brought that up. I can't remember if we brought that up in a previous webinar, but if you understand the anatomy, just to kind of put the importance on, you know, we have all these degrees of freedom when it comes to the shoulder complex, and understanding the anatomy gives you the understanding of why that is, or, you know, because if the shoulder can go somewhere, you know, and if you understand how the shoulder's now you can answer the question better, whether it should or not. Okay, so now that can speak more to hypomobility. Hyper-emobility versus, you know, if we know that it's supposed to go here here, or here, but it can't. Now the big next question is, well, why, why, why isn't that possible, or why, you know, why the deficit at this point in time. So when we look at, you know, biomechanical considerations for the shoulder complex, you know, these are the things that you should be able to answer. So like what you brought up Tony was beautiful when when you bring up the the collarbone or the the clavicle, a lot of us don't realize, and if you do this, if something that we would do in our live workshops, if you put your fingers right here and you feel that that that SC joint right in there, and you just kind of move your shoulders and you raise your arm up and down. You should be able to feel this spinning, right? And right now it's like I can feel it moving, but then at a point I do get a little stuck. I mean, I haven't done my shoulder mobility work today, but understanding that tightness here, which now is connected to the sternoclittle mastoid, right? So if I've got tightness in my neck because I've been in this forward shoulder forward head position, if I if I've got a bad head and neck position, I'm going to increase the amount of stress at the shoulder. So this is what we have to take that multi-faceted approach to how we address, not just from the bottom up, like from the hip complex up to the shoulder complex, but we have to look from media to lateral as well as far as the shoulder go. So I mean, there's been plenty of times where you're just chasing symptoms, right? Because the shoulder might hurt here, but it might be because of something that's going on in the neck. So I can't remember if it's the pelvic ocular or ocular pelvic reflex, that's very much also influences how the head and neck are positioned relative to the hips. Yep, no, for sure, pelvic ocular reflex, yep, that's right. Yeah, it's it's crazy when you start to start piecing all this stuff together. Yeah, so I think you know, you bring it up that the clavicle has to move in order for that arm to move fully overhead is extremely important. And then obviously there's that relationship too between the scapula and the humerus. So restoring and or maintaining optimal scapula humeral rhythm is going to be really a critical piece to the puzzle as well. And for those of you who aren't familiar, that scapula-humeral rhythm essentially is basically a two-one ratio of humeral movement to scapula rotation. So as the arm goes overhead for every two degrees, at the arm goes overhead, the scapula moves one degree to maintain the congruency of that glente humeral joint. So you know, which is why when you're looking at programming for the shoulder complex, you can't ignore the scapula and the muscles that the control it in the process. Right. So and we'll I mean, when we get into the steps to return to performance, you know, one of the first steps in the corrective exercise strategy is inhibit. So lats because that came up as far as the, you know, one of the structures that affects the shoulder, a lot of people don't realize that the lats doesn't just connect up into the upper-medial portion of the of the humers, but as it comes down, it'll actually tie into the inferior angle of the of the scapula. So that one muscle not just connects to the humers, but also has a little intersection and strong influence on that on the shoulder blade. So that two to one ratio. I mean, we can you can affect a lot by addressing that one muscle. And then again, that just another point that feeds into why we need to understand the anatomy. So so that that that glenoheumula as well as that scapula thoracic relationship is a strong, strong piece of the puzzle when it comes to understanding how we can decrease the stress, especially when you talk about impingement being one of the more common injuries or sources of pain for a lot of people. Yep, yeah. Absolutely. You know, on the topic of pain, on the topic of injuries, you know, things that you may be assisting clients and athletes return to performance from. Yeah, obviously you've got, you know, some of you are more contact oriented injuries, you know, whether it's a, let's say a joint sprain or a fracture potentially. You mentioned impingement impingement as, you know, can is the most common diagnosis for shoulder pain? Is that right? Yeah, yeah, anything else? Yeah. Yeah, so you've got impingement, which, which we highlighted earlier, you've got your rotator cuff, tears and tendinopathys. Labrum tears, remember, the labrum is that cartilage, basically that fibro cartilage that extends off of the Glenoid. Basically, you know, it helps to provide stability to the, the head of the humorous in the Glenoid Fossa. And quite often the labrum can get torn and there's a few different types of labrum tears that you may hear of, whether it's a slap tear, bank cartilage, or anterior post-year tearing of the labrum. Then some other issues that could create pain and irritation, maybe anterior shoulder instability, which may be common in your, your overhead athletes. And the youth athlete population and, and, and other athletes as well, you might look into chronic overuse situations. And then some other maybe less common things, I'm dealt with this a couple times in my career where I've had clients come and back from adhesive capsulitis or, you know, frozen shoulder as well as, you know, with the, you know, the, the deshjockey client that you might encounter. The RASIC outlet syndrome is another one that, that you may encounter and have to assist people with, with returning to performance from. So you've got everything from, you know, stuff that's kind of isolated more to that Glenoid humoral joint that, and then you've got other things like TOS, which extends down into more of the scapula thoracic region. But certainly has effects and influence on what, what happens to the upper extremity from nerve and vascular compression standpoint. Right. That is a lot of stuff. That's a lot of things that the shoulder can go through. But again, as you, as you listen to Moptony and describe them, each one, I mean, on paper is going to have a different protocol. And when you get a referral from a medical professional again, diagnosing, even though you're, you're going to do an assessment, even though you're evaluating where somebody may show deficits, either in range emotion or strength. Any one of those things that Tony, you, you list it off, needs, if it's going to be a, I guess, a way of, if you're going to have to approach it in a certain way, just make sure that it's, you know, if there is a diagnosis that you're following any kind of restriction. That just goes for any kind of return to performance programming that at the medical professional, they, they have the ultimate say on, you know, what can or should or any kind of contraindications towards movement resistance, anything that you might do from a training perspective. But with that said, if there are things that you deserve through your assessment process, you can definitely integrate it into their return to performance programming. But, I mean, slap tears, I've actually heard somebody say, because of someone's movement assessment that, you know, you know, what, I think you might have a slap. I actually heard that in a gym. And just because, and this is the thing, right? Just, just because a certain somebody has had experience with an issue, automatically everything else seems like that, you know, it could be that issue. It's almost like, you know, somebody who has, you know, they've got vision problems. They're like, hey, you know what, you have trouble seeing, well, you know, so do I. So here's my glasses. You know, you might want to try these too. So so let's just say that when it, when it comes to tears and things like this, let's leave it to the medical professionals who are in place and skilled and licensed to take care and actually say such things. This because, you know, there's, there's a lot of information out there and sometimes too much information can be bad. But this is where we again, we have to be responsible to stay in our lane when it comes to the injurious side of someone coming back to play. So let's, you know, you're sitting based on how you're sitting right there. I think you might have a laboral tear. You might, you know, it is kind of sore. We'll just do a couple S.C.M. stretches and I'll take care of that right away. So one of the things that we've kind of been dancing around, but you know, we've said this term in the other webinars is the regional independence considerations, right? So we've, we've brought up the hips, we've brought up the neck on top of the thoracic spine. So just know that again, no one region of the body is an island in and of itself, right? It's, it's, it's, it's independent on how the other parts of the body work. So I mean, we didn't say it outright, but basically just feeds into that kind of a stream of a thought that, that, that, that component or that concept that, you know, regional independence is how the body works. And you can't look at the body as just a shoulder, just a hip, but when you look at the assessment process and, you know, starting off with just a static assessment, as well as moving on to a movement assessment, the static assessment tells you a lot when it comes to why somebody might be experiencing some stress or how we can get them to move better and decrease stress in a certain area. So Tony, walk us through, you know, when you start to assess somebody, how, you know, how do you start to, how do you actually start the process and someone comes to you and says, or you get an athlete that you're working with and they're saying, yeah, my shoulders kind of tender, been kind of tender after practice these last couple weeks, what do you start to look at? Yeah, yeah, I think from an objective assessment perspective, you know, subjectively obviously their activities and the things that they tell you, based on their history, all that should be taken into consideration as well. But we get into our objective assessments or a postural and movement assessments. First thing I'm going to look at with respect to static posture is their thoracic spine position. I want to see, do they present with excessive chyphosis in the thoracic spine? What's the position of their shoulder girdle or are they in more of a rounded shoulder posture? And then also their head carriage is their head stacked over the trunk appropriately or do they present with more of a forward head carriage? So just, you know, very quickly, that'll give me some insight into, you know, some of the things that we may have to contend with from a programming standpoint. If we see excessive chyphosis in the thoracic spine, we see some rounded shoulders and or a forward head. For many of the regions, we've already discussed if the thoracic spine is rounded excessively. Then, as you try to move the arm overhead that's going to limit or influence the ability of the scapula to posteriorly tilt, which is going to affect range of motion going overhead, rounded shoulder posture, that will also affect the position of the scapula. If the client has more of an anteriorly tip, scapular position, then that's going to affect again the ability for that scapula to tilt posteriorly when when you go overhead, along with a number of other movements. And then forward head position, can you already talked about that? And it's influence based on the muscles and the knack, it's influence on the different joints in the shoulder, SC joint, AC joint, and then also the position of the scapula as well. So in that head comes forward, that's going to create increased tension in the muscles in the cervical spine that could also influence the position of the scapula. So, so, bitually, as we talked about before, the static cross-roleicessment can give us insight into some of the habits of our clients. And maybe we can influence some change by getting them to focus on some of those habitual patterns that they might find themselves in. If somebody is sitting at a desk all day, making sure that they're more aware of how they're sitting, maybe ergonomically, if there's a different setup at work that we need to that we need to address all of that's going to feed into that static posture. And then from there, we get into our movement assessments. We'll look primarily at the overhead squat and the compensations that maybe more important as it relates to this region of the body would be, you know, scapular elevation. So, if you see excessive shrugging as the arms go overhead, potentially low back arching. So, if you see low back arch, you may have to do a couple other assessments to determine if that low back arch is coming from the more from the hip complex or if it's being caused or if it's being attributed more to the lat. But either way, when that lumbar spine goes into extension, the pelvis and sorely rotates, that's going to affect the lat. And that in turn is going to affect the shoulder. And then the big one is to the arms fall forward. Do they migrate more into adduction, laterally in the frontal plane or do the elbows flex? And any one of those things indicates that there's, you know, some additional mobility assessments that should be done in the shoulder complex to kind of drill down, you know, what muscles are overactive, what muscles are relatively underactive and and that will help guide your programming. So, yeah, anything else you look for, Ken, in the assessments? With the static, I mean, that's that's pretty much it. I mean, they, I would say, and I don't know if we've brought this up before in that, you know, when when we're doing a static assessment, the last thing we want to do is tell somebody, I'm going to go look at your posture right now because instantly what are they going to do? They're going to get tall, they're going to bring their shoulders back and they're going to totally change their natural, you know, body position or as they may be, you know, holding themselves for the most part during the day. So, what it comes to the static assessment, you know, it's all those things you, you point at and, you know, from the front position, I'm also looking at things like, you know, you know, of course the kinetic chain checkpoints, ears, over shoulders, over hips, over knees, over ankles from the lateral view, but, you know, especially when it comes to, you know, working with golfers where they might have a little bit of of a static right to left or just show for a right-handed golfer, they might have a static right to left rotation, right? And that's the way they hold themselves just because, you know, you don't see somebody after the 18-pole they shot, you know, if it's me, if it's 120, you know, just to the point where you stop taking score, you get a double par on that hole, so it's like, I just put it eight. So, you had a lot of swings and so you have a lot of bias with rotation so that might be another thing to look at. Also, just a little, you know, looking at lateral flexion as well, so when we, when we look at the body now, even from the static standpoint, it's not just, you know, about the sagittal plane, but also looking at, you know, how is somebody positioning in the, you know, if you're talking about, you know, flexion or lateral lateral flexion or even just rotation, so looking at how the body's holding itself in all three planes of motion, just because if I'm working with a right-handed picture, they're going to almost show the same thing, but also they might show a little elevation through that throwing side also. Or maybe even you look at, you know, when we talked about the hip, we're talking about, you know, looking assessing the iliac crest, and you might notice a, you know, one might be a little bit higher than the other. Of course, that's a reflection of also what's going on with the, with the hip itself, as well as the foot position. So again, whether there's a zig, there's going to be a zag, but as we get into the, you know, start looking at the assessments and actually start looking at the motions that they might do. Now we want to look at how does this, how does this person interacting with the ground and how is their body responding? And the assessment gives you great insight on that. So, you know, but a lot of good stuff, I think when Alan Russell looked at me, I think he saw all three of those arm, so elbow flex, elbow fall to the side, and it fall forward. So I think I showed all of those to different degrees. Now, now, you, you've, again, you've worked with high-level athletes, you've traveled with some athletes. Now, if someone was if a player was a thrower to an extent, how would you address the hips? Because we talk so much about the hips in last week. We talked about the hip complex. How would you address the hips as it relates to the shoulder? Yeah. Well, you know, the, the hip complex we've talked about how integral it is. Based on that regional interdependence model, but, you know, things to look for, again, from a mobility perspective, we'd want to look at things like hip extension. So doing the modified Thomas tests, as an example, if the, the individual, active extension, then they may compensate through the Lumbar spine, which is then going to affect the lat and feed up into the shoulder. But the other big one is going to be hip rotation. And so we know that hip rotation, both on the, on the, the trailing hip, as well as the lead hip, can have profound impact on the shoulder and can lead to increase stress on the shoulder if there's a lack of, of rotation on both on both hips. So, for example, let's say you're dealing with a right-handed thrower, a right-handed pitcher. If they lack, hip internal rotation on their trailing hip, as they go through cocking, the arm back, if they can't internally rotate through that, through that loading phase, then it's going to require them to externally rotate the shoulder to a greater degree. It's going to cause them potentially to arch through the spine to a greater degree, all in an attempted to to gain more eccentric load. In order to produce more force concentrically through through acceleration. So, if you can't internally rotate over that back or trail hip, basically you're going to be stuck in more of an externally rotated position at the hip, which means you're going to have to compensate through the the upper extremity with more external rotation and extension. And as you get up into the shoulder, if there isn't, if you go through more external rotation while in most throwers, you're going to see more external rotation range of motion because of what's required during layback, that can increase anterior instability in the shoulder. So, that can create irritation and lead to pain and issues there. But then you're also going to see more stress to the medial elbow. So, again, if you can't load the hips, you're going to arch through the spine. You're going to have to compensate by trying to externally rotate the shoulder more and that's going to put more valgus stress on the medial elbow. So, when you think about medial elbow stress, medial elbow pain, the prevalence of Tommy John and the increase in Tommy John's that are done. Some of that could be mitigated by looking at hip rotation. We're talking about the trailing hip. Then when you look at the lead hip, as the, as the thrower goes through the acceleration phase and they go to decelerate on that front side, if they lack internal rotation on the lead hip, then they're going to land with that front foot more turned out. And as a result of that, their hip, their lower extremity going up into the, into the trunk, can't decelerate the forces as well. So, when you're looking at dissipating force and decelerating, as they go through acceleration and follow through, if the lower extremity can't offset some of that, then it's going to force the arm and shoulder to decelerate more that force. So, when you look at the posterior rotator cuff and forspinatus, Terry's minor, posterior capsule, that's going to receive more eccentric stress. And then the elbow, as well, is going to receive more eccentric stress, which over time could lead to irritation and ultimately injury. So, hip rotation, when you look at that, there is a correlation between a lack of hip rotation and medial elbow stress and medial elbow injury. So, with overhead and throwing athlete, it's just going to be a key thing. So, again, we're talking a lot about the shoulder complex, but you can't ignore the other aspects of the chain, because throwing is a total body activity. Right. So, and so for everybody listening right now, if you, if you just wanted to get a little snippet of our return to performance for overhead athletes, just rewind the last five minutes. And basically, you got the bulk of the, that next webinar. So, no, that's good stuff. But, again, throwing is the ultimate example of how the hips and the shoulders actually work together. Right. So, and when we look at that, you know, the other assessments I can feed into that process, or one other assessment that can feed into that is a gate assessment. So, if you, if you have experience in watching gate and can, you can, can make some, you know, observations, some objective observations, as far as how the hips and the shoulders rotate, and this, you know, different things that you might observe as far as, you know, not just with, with gate, with, you know, a difference in stride length, and on one side versus the other, and then you can look at the complementing upper body or thoracic response to how the hips move. So, throwing again is, is one great example. It is a sports specific example of how the hips and the shoulders affect each other, top to bottom, bottom to top, but also just, if you want to pair it down a little bit, watching someone's gate as they walk away from you and they, as they walk towards you or even getting a lateral view as they walk across the room, you can kind of, you can get a great example of how someone moves. So, one of the things that I'll do, when I watch someone's gate and Tony, you know, you can share what you observe from an assessment standpoint is, you know, I'll look at shoulder hip counter rotation, but I'll also look at shoulder position. So, if someone's, someone's arms are internally rotated enough to where I see, I'm looking at the, the palm of their hand as they're walking away from me, or if I'm watching and seeing all, all knuckles as they walk towards me, that's telling me, it's given me some insight on how their shoulder is positioned as they walk, right? What else would you look at, if you're doing a gate assessment on somebody? Yeah, and I think I look for, for very similar things, just looking at, you kind of alluded to this statically, but just looking at the, the position of their, their shoulders and trunk in the, in the orientation in the frontal plane. So, just to see if they're laterally flexing more to one side or the other, I think gate, it does, it provides a tremendous opportunity to see how the, the lower extremity and upper extremity function together. You know, we think of, of walking as a sagittal plane activity, but it's really the culmination of movement and all three planes. It's kind of directing us forward, and so just being able to appreciate, you know, from foot contact all the way up, seeing if you get that good counter rotation, seeing if there's, if there's upper body movement at all, there's some people who don't, who don't move their upper body when they walk, right? That can provide some insight into into some things. Also looking, again, what happens at the Lumbar spine? So going back to hip rotation, if there's a lack of hip rotation, then somebody may have to compensate more through the low backs. You may see quite a bit of upper body rotation and not a lot of lower body movement. So, thanks for all of that, Tony. A lot, a lot of good points now, as we look from the lower body and, and looking at the thoracic spine. Now, we can start to look more specifically at the shoulder, which I know that as we're talking about the shoulder complex, is what a lot of our listeners are looking forward to. So, when we look at the, when you look at the shoulder and how it moves, like what we said earlier, I mean, there's a lot of degrees of freedom there. So, how do we assess those degrees of freedom? Well, by, you know, by looking at the shoulder, we need do need to isolate it to some extent. So, something is simple as, you know, standing position with, you know, head shoulder hips, heels against the wall, and then you can do a simple, a straight arm raise, looking at shoulder flexion. You know, you could easily do that on the table, but as far as real time goes, I'd rather have somebody standing and see how their body reacts in that standing position. From that same position, standing against the wall doing some kind of, you know, shoulder internal external rotation. Now, if you're not skilled at using a goonyometer, just looking at something as simple as, you know, just looking at, how does the right side versus the left side move, right? Whereas, someone's doing a straight arm raise with their left side, and they try it with their right arm, and the right arm comes up, you know, 15, 20 degrees shorter than their left. Then you can make a bilateral comparison between one shoulder and the other. Same thing goes for shoulder internal rotation, external rotation, from that vantage point. Then also, something that we can, you might look at as, as being really simple, almost so simple that you may not use it as the horizontal abduction, right? So, and what we're looking at there is as the arm is coming out to the side, you know, are they, you know, are there any hitches or glitches when it comes to the shoulder? Is it, is it migrating anterior or is there a shoulder shrug? So, those are some specific examples of how we can isolate movements to the shoulder. So, when I execute those, I'll usually do those in the standing position. Anything I'm missing there Tony as far as, you know, other things you might look at specifically to the shoulder. Now, I think those are the, those are the key, the key things to look at. I can remember if we mentioned it or not, but, you know, thoracic rotation would be one to look at as well, that, you know, is again, more trunk specific, but directly influences what happens at the shoulder, the shoulder girl, thoracic extension potentially, and then if, yeah, if you feel it's warranted based on the other assessments that you've done, you may want to look at cervical range of motion and mobility into lateral flexion and rotation, because those muscles that influence both of those motions can directly affect the scapula and thus the shoulder. So, right. And, you know, and, and, and, and, and, and I encourage all trainers to do those assessments. So, first of all, you know, go through the National Academy Sports Medicine, corrective exercise specialist, as it has been updated to incorporate these assessments that we're discussing right now, but, you know, when you, when you do something like just a simple, you know, cervical rotation, right, left, and lateral flexion. I mean, very rarely do I get somebody who's 100% on that. So, in the case of having, let's say, just shoulder issues, you know, the one, one of the gears going back to the earlier in this webinar is that if, if we, if we don't move well here, we're not going to move well here. So, the neck winds up being one of those things that, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's almost close enough to address, but far enough to, to, to discount to some extent, as far as how it influences the shoulder. And then one more assessment, which is more of a dynamic assessment is the Davies test. And just for those of you that aren't familiar with the Davies test is just basically two markers, about 30 inches apart, and you've got your hands placed on those markers, and you're just going to tap right to left. And within the, the timeframe, however you want to execute it, is it 15 or 10 seconds, Tony, as far as the time to, yeah, 15, 15 seconds, hands 36 inches apart, 36 inches apart. So, I've got, so where that 30 came from, is that I've got 30 inches markers on my, on my flooring, because I have a lot more, I have some smaller statute athletes. So, I do make the, I do make the consideration for that for that with, because if you get somebody who's five four and doing that 36 inches is pretty far apart. So, with that assessment, as I'm explaining to you guys, as long as you're consistent with yourselves and your facility and how you practice that assessment, with the, with the, with the baseball player who might be 64, right, 36 inches all the way, but, you know, as long as you get some insight on, okay, how, how well does that shoulder bear weight, how, how, how well does it accept load when you are shifting, your, your center of gravity right to left as you're tapping, hand to hand for that timeframe, because, you know, once you take that stop, you know, that stop watch out a lot of people get really competitive. So, not just about, you know, quantitatively, how many hand taps that they get go on those 36 inches, but also from, from a qualitative standpoint, on how does their shoulder, how does their shoulder react, you know, are they, is there, is there scapular winging, are they shrugging, are they losing posture, are they arching through that low back, or is that whole midsection, sagging, is ahead dropping forward. So, as they, as they start to focus on the clock and just tapping the hands, they lose focus on, on posture. So, we want to, we want to see how the body reacts from that, from that forward, forward-loaded position. So, anything else you'd add to that? I mean, it's a great, it's a great upper body assessment. I use it, and I'm not just for upper body assessments, but just as far as the core is concerned. Yeah, and I think you, you hit all the key points there, Ken, and probably the best takeaway, biggest takeaway that you highlighted was, as long as you're consistent in your, in your process, and your protocols, from client to client, that's the most important thing. So, modifying particular assessment, in this case, modifying the protocol to meet the needs of, you know, clients who are smaller and stature is perfectly acceptable for those of you out there listening. You just want to make sure that when you reassess the client, you're using the same methods and same protocols so that you can get an accurate picture of progress or potentially regression. So, yeah, the Davies Test, fantastic assessment really does give you some good insight into how well your clients upper extremity, what their stability is like, and their control and their ability to accept load on each side. Right. So, let's talk about programming now. So, you know, we've gone over some situations that your athlete may be coming in with or your player may be coming in with. So, we've had some input, hopefully, from the athlete, from the medical professional, who maybe were referring an athlete to you, and we know that there's, there is an objective to return to the field of play. We've assessed, first of all, you know, we have a basic understanding of anatomy, you know, not just bonus structures, but the muscles and tendons, generally that cross that area, but also, again, with the regional interdependence model. Now, we, we know to take a more global approach to how we look at the body. So, the next phase is to be to look at how we would start to reintegrate activity to restore function, if you will. So, before we do get into that, I mean, there are some return to performance concepts that, you know, Tony and I, we discussed this before, but when we talk about anatomy, as much as we can look at a textbook, the person in front of us ultimately tells us how their body works, right? So, we have to teach, I mean, we have to be able to work with and address the body that's in front of us, not just as a textbook, my tell us too, but we have to respect that anatomy because when somebody comes in and they've been compromised physically, just just know that they're, they're, they're physical history also dictates how that body is going to move because if someone comes here, even though we're talking about the shoulder right now, but if they've got a history of ankle issues, you know, hip issues, which might lead into why they got hurt with the shoulder to begin with, but, you know, the anatomy plus their, their body's history needs to come into play, but as we start to look at the individual and their, you know, how different their body is the other thing we have to do is, is meet them where they need to be met, because some people are ready for this information, just like you and I Tony shared in the beginning of this webinar is that, you know, when when Al Russell was, was telling me that it's not my shoulder, it's my body, I got a body problem, right? And you know, in that I was, I was, I was incurring all this stress here because I can't control my core, well, I won't say that I was that guy that was doing 100 setups every day, how dare you tell me that my core was weak, it's, for somebody to kind of, you know, almost punch you in the face and say, listen stupid, it's not this, it's something else, you know, and as much anatomy as I've taken in my, in my college, curriculum, and that's like, I don't, I don't get it. Some people, it's hard to get that through their head as far as explaining how, you know, one area's dysfunction is because of another area, you want you to agree? Yeah, totally, right? So, and then moving on from that, I don't like you're still, you sound like you're still traumatized. I am, I'm actually, I'm actually going to message Mr. Russell. But I'll say that, you know, it's like, it sometimes does take that punch in the face to say, you know what? Yeah, it's, why did I see this before? But, you know, 20 years ago, that concept, I mean, it's, it wasn't out there, not, not that old skill as it is today. No, no, a novel concept indeed. Yeah. And then the other thing is is that, you know, when you're dealing with athletes specifically, especially in this day and age where athletes will specialize earlier and earlier and earlier and there in their life, like, you know, you see some, you see a lot more kids now that will play one sport, like as a sixth grader, right? You know, and so, so that what, the reason for me bringing that up is is that sometimes now if you have a, let's pick on baseball again, you have a kid who's been doing baseball since, you know, they were 10, 11 years old and now they're in college and they don't move well because they've been doing one motion for their sport, you know, for, for, you know, possibly close to a decade already. So, you know, that's the other thing as a, as a fitness professional or a strength condition, it goes trying to get somebody back to performance is that you have to improve their diversity as far as their movement goes, right? So, increasing or improving their library or their catalog of movement strategies, ones of being, you know, one of the things that you have to incorporate to help, again, for, you know, develop a resilient, durable body so that when they do return to play, they're not, you know, they're not as susceptible to being as injured again because, I mean, Tony, how many times have you seen somebody, they've come to you for the same issue, like, you know, multiple times a year maybe? Quite often, actually I saw clients yesterday who came back after after not having done their, their program for a while. So, right? Yeah, so, time and again, very, very common. All right, so with, with that said, you know, we do have to take a multi-pronged approach and then as we've said before, the corrected vector size process is one of those things that takes into consideration. One, you, you will have assessed the, the person for, for total body movement patterns, not just picking on the shoulder, but we need to look at how the whole body works. So, once you take the assessment results, the cumulative results, you've taken all those data points and now you can come up with a strategy or a plan that addresses, first of all, can they move? Do they have the requisite range of motion at those joints that we talked about? Whether it's the shoulder or the hip, you know, first of all, do they have the flexibility and range of motion to do what they need to do well in their, in their sport of choice? And then are they stable? There and can they be strong there? So, for those steps again, for those that aren't familiar with the corrective exercise strategy as the National Academy Sports Medicine teaches it, you know, it's inhibit lengthens, so we need to get the muscle to relax. Then we take advantage of that muscle's relaxed state to now lengthen and gain more range of motion through that area and then we need to upregulate or activate the of those latent muscles that that haven't been doing their job, if you will. And then when we talk about integration, now in the context of return to performance integration has now added context. Now we're not just trying to coordinate everything from, from, you know, top to bottom, but now we have to get it to function as it relates to the sport that we're trying to get them back into. So, so when we're talking about the shoulder again, we're just going to give you a couple examples of the things or the areas the key areas that might be responsive just based on their influence on the shoulder, the shoulder complex. So, when it comes to inhibition, you know, what one of the things we're looking at is, you know, again, the lats, a big prime mover based on, you know, what a lot of people are doing these days with that forward-head, forward-shoulder, the lats, the packs and the upper traps, wind up being key areas that will benefit strongly. Whether you play sports or not, those are some really key areas that will help with not just the, let's say, the throar, but also just general population overall. And I do have nearby an example of, you know, we're talking about the upper traps, you know, we're talking about foam rollers and things like that, but just to give you an idea of other tools and influence, this is a ferricane, right, which when brought up and here and known door spent from Therocaine, it's just one of those tools that I use a lot. So, if I'm watching a video, this is one of those things I'll use and I'll get that in there, as often as I can, just because of my history with that controller issues, when it's being one of those things that if I don't do it during the day, five o'clock, six p.m., I am crushed just right in there as far as neck tension goes. So, so the point of me bringing that up is that self-myofascial techniques incorporating inhibition into your day, it doesn't, it doesn't need to be complex, it can be, it can be kind of interwoven or, you know, integrated minutes at a time and just think of it as a cumulative effect when it comes to getting the area to relax. Anything to add to that component when it comes to the shoulder? Yeah, you're the just thoracic spine, just based on your assessments of the client is presenting with a little bit more kifosis, or if you've done the mobility assessments in the thoracic rotation and an extension and they were found to be limited, then you definitely want to roll the the T spine to try to, to offset that a little bit. Yeah, right. Perfect, yeah, a lot of times, you know, I'll forget, but as far as thoracic extension goes, but I tell you what, you know, we have to get that thoracic spine to move because I mean, just think of where your lungs are located, if we're flexed hunched everyday, we're compressed through that part of the spine and that denies your lungs the ability to expand and contract. So the quality of air and oxygen and just facilitating the the respiratory process is heavily influenced by how our upper spine is positioned throughout the day again. If you're forward, you drive a lot, you read the you read your book, computer, whatever, we take away a lot when it comes to thoracic mobility. So to ride along with that, you know, peck stretches, it's stand, you know, a wall stretch, a wall peck stretch, you know, a scaling stretch, levator stretch, these these different neck positions, getting these muscles in this quadrant of of this shoulder complex is going to be very important again to restore function or storm mobility to that area. The thoracic rotation winds it being so, you know, an upper spinal twist, something that just opens you up and gets, you know, those big gross rotational stretches wind it being very impactful. And on on the lengthening part Tony, do you have a go to, I mean, whether I listed it or not, as far as getting some in getting some length to the shoulder complex? Now, I think again, you kind of mentioned it with the an inventory techniques, it's it's easy to get overly complex with programming sometimes and with with this, I think most of the programming you want to you want to try and stick to the basics. And so you mentioned everything that I would do wall peck stretch, ball lat stretch potentially, as well, the neck trunk and then, you know, depending on the client and what what they're coming to you from the posterior shoulder, you might do like a cross body horizontal adduction stretch, which may be good for the posterior capsule, posterior cuff for clients who maybe limit it in internal rotation of the shoulder that's been shown to be a pretty effective stretch over maybe your more traditional sleeper stretch type position. But yeah, I think real simple stuff and you alluded to this, it doesn't, it shouldn't take a ton of time. We're talking about a few minutes throughout the day. The most important thing with these programs is consistency and, you know, it's better to do a few things very frequently and consistently than trying to cram in a ton of stuff that that only gets done every every few days. So that's that's where the assessment process and assessment flow that you mentioned from the CES that becomes even more important to your programming with your client because then it allows you to be more selective with the exercises you give and narrows that focus down so that instead of doing 15 exercises from the inhibitory through integration steps, maybe they're doing 8 exercises total or maybe it's even less. You know, if you can drill it down to as few exercises as possible to get the ideal result, that's that's what you want to go for. So, right, to make a short answer really long. No, no, there's not a couple of people who would put in there. That's pretty much our whole webinar. Just a couple guys. Yeah, that's right. Between two firms. So when we're talking about, I got the giggles. All right, so now that we've got Ranger, we established Ranger Motion. We've gotten those overactive muscles kind of calm down a little bit now it's about getting the opposing muscles or the other muscles that surround that area to do their part if you will and to strengthen up and to kind of share, you know, sharing the, you know, sharing the load here. So when we talk about strengthening, you know, there's some go-to exercises that I'll look at for the shoulder. So, and this is a thing when it comes to fitness professionals, especially those that are familiar with the NSM, corrective exercise model and, you know, here's the thing that I tell a lot of trainers because Tony told me what you think about this is that they'll tell you it's like, what new exercises can I do to help with, you know, the shoulder and you tell them, well, there's the cobra and there's a there's a scapcion. Yeah, there's a region poll and for those of you that are listening, you know, that's those are just basic isolation strengthening exercises for that area. Like, no, no, no, do you have anything else? It's like, no, that's those there's a, there's a ton of exercise out there, but if there's, if there's a routine or movement strategy that works, forget new when the, when the old stuff works, use the old stuff. So, you know, getting into, again, the benefits of doing, let's say, a cobra, you're getting scapular retraction, depression, right? You're activating those mid lower traps, those rhomboids and a lot of times, if you're in a forward shoulder position, forward head position, those are the exact muscles you need to to light up to get those guys to turn on because if those aren't on, then, you know, now the last will start to kick into help try and stabilize, you know, the scapula as well as the glimmer here will join it. It allows that forward or protracted position. So, now the glimmer, here will join, it's going to be riding a little bit forward in front of the rib cage. So, you know, when we talk about those basic movements, you know, it's, it's, they, just stick with the basics on that one. So, I know that when I say scapula, cobra and a reach and pull, you know, you may go, you may die deeper if you want to add some progressions, but those are those are the ones that pretty much will hit a lot of the muscles that have that will typically show up as underactive in the, in the assessment process. Yeah, and Ken, I didn't have, I couldn't see the reach and pull. Did you demonstrate that? Or did you describe that for, for the, the group if they're not familiar with that? Yeah, so a reach and pull, now let's, let's just say if you're still listening to us, the, you know, there's, there's some supporting information that you can refer to when you, when you finish this, when you finish this webinar. We've got some Instagram posts that will show and demonstrate some of the exercises and mobility, actually, mobility work that we've, we've talked about already. So, if you look on Instagram under March 30th under NSM underscore fitness, we go over a bear crawl. Okay, there's an April 4th. There was a shoulder care protocol program that there was no equipment involved. And I think it's in that video that we talk about the reach and pull. And all it is is if you're, if you're in a quadripet position, hands under shoulders, knees under hips, now we are reaching under and we are rotating. So if you imagine, I'm in a, in a, in a 4 point or quadripet position, I'm reaching under and then I'm going to reach over. I know you can't get a good vantage point on me on that one, but you do have some support, materials there as it is shown through the National Academy of Sports Medicine in the Grand Site. So quadripet for Greshens, Regretions, again, good shoulder stability work there. And there's a shoulder care Instagram posts on April 9th. Tony, you did one using for upper body as well, didn't you? Yeah, we just did those is me and Wendy. We did some core and upper upper body slider variations that you know, we get into some of the integration exercises. You might be able to to throw some of those in there too, but cool. Yeah, it's good to know. Yeah, a lot of good stuff on the IG. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, so everything too, sorry, Ken, with with the scapcion, again, for those of you who may may not be familiar with the scapcion exercise, basically a scapcion is movement in the scapular plane. And the scapular plane is basically 30 to 45 degrees anterior to the frontal plane of the body. So if the arm was directly out to the side of the body and the frontal plane, you would move the arm forward about 30 to any or from 30 to 45 degrees. And it's in that position where the axis of the humorous is inline with the axis of the scapula. So for a lot of individuals, their movement is going to be much less restricted in this position. If you're going through flexion and abduction in this position, then it might be in purely sagittal plane, purely frontal plane patterns. And so for individuals who have some discomfort in the shoulder complex, the scapular plane is one that could benefit that moving in the scapular plane, activating different muscles in that shoulder complex while position in the scapular plane can be beneficial. Yeah, so as far as that, a great exercise, you know, you joked around the it's like it's it's an oldie but goodie. And basically all my clients, you know, again, they have the retro requisite stability to hold themselves. We'll do that, but it's also, you know, when we talk about integration, you know, you get somebody, you know, using the physio ball getting somebody in that prone position with the ball under their under their ribcage and abdominal area, you can do these exercises. So you can do a ball cobra. And the thing about that, as far as an integrated exercise goes now, we're having that plank position essentially. Now you're integrating the hips, making sure that you have that good extension through the hips and the knee. And if you're bracing yourself against the wall, you're using that whole posterior chain while you're now integrating the shoulder. So taking it away from just a standing where a quadripet version of a cobra or a scapcion. Now we can use the ball and actually increase the demand as it relates to using the whole body. So another version of an integrated exercises, a ball shoulder combo one and two. So now, you know, you can have go through retraction, external rotation, overhead, overhead press. And then now you just reverse that again, all from the prone position or you can get into another shoulder combination where you get into the scapcion and then out to the side and a T and then down into the cobra. So now you can integrate two of those great movements in one exercise. Anything else that is far as the integration? So just a simple integration as we might use it, Tony. Yeah, I mean, obviously we talked about it. You get those those standbyes are great, you know, changing body position. So when you think of this, you know, integrated, integrated patterns where you could do things on a single leg. So transitioning somebody maybe from a prone position into more of an upright position before that you can get into half kneeling, tall kneeling, just think of all of your, your progressions, your basic support progressions until you get up into a single leg. You can do single leg scapcion, single leg PNF patterns, single leg combos. So those are, those are all really, really good. As you progress in advance a client through. Also when you think about return to performance, many of the exercises that we've mentioned at this point are maybe more lower threshold in nature. And so ultimately when you think of the velocities involved and let's say throwing, the forces that are produced and that have to be controlled are are tremendous. And so ultimately when it comes to returning somebody in a full performance, you have to get those muscles, get the, and get the body condition to responding and performing at the speeds and velocities that that they're going to have to contend with during whatever activities are being performed. And so to assist with that dynamic stability at different speeds, you can add in perturbations, which, you know, can we've discussed as a release of the lower extremity and, and hips, but you can also do perturbations for the upper extremity. You can do what's called rhythmic stabilizations where, you know, let's say in an open chain, you could have your client do this with two bang where they just asymmetrically hold their arm and shoulder in a certain position. Let's say it's in a scapular plane. You're holding under the other end of the two bang and you're just applying resistance and various directions that they have to stabilize against. You know, you could do that with a variety of of modalities. You know, talk about going old school, you got the body blade, which provides some of those perturbations and rhythmic stabilization elements there. So you can go through different patterns with the body blade, whether it's a PNF pattern, D1, D2 patterns, flexion extension. You know, this is great where I love to use the hyper, hyper-ish rules, whether it's a Viper or in the case of the shoulder, use the hyper-spear, hyper-spear mini, where you can turn it on and you can adjust the speed, one, two, or three and have your client go through different patterns holding onto the hyper-spear because the vibration stimulates those rhythmic stabilization contractions through the upper extremity. So open chain, you can do a lot of stuff. Any of the exercises that Ken just mentioned, the combo ones, combo twos, cobras, you can do with with the added vibration stimulus and that can add another element to the exercises and the response that you get from the muscles and the tissues. And then you can do those things close chain as well. So again, from integration standpoint, we have our slider variations. You can do perturbations or rhythmic stabilization from a variety of different positions. So if you think of going back to that quadruped position, you can have your client hand on the floor, hand on a medicine ball, hand on hands on a stability ball. All of those, you can perform rhythmic stabilization, whether it's you applying different perturbations to them or you're using various resistance modalities to do that or you're having them perform different movements, which in and of itself provides the perturbation or rhythmic stability stimulus. You've got bear call variations which are fantastic to get those muscles in the scapegoat in the shoulder complex. These mean shoulder complex coordinated and working with each other. And then you've got things like box step-up switch. Again, just works on desoloration and acceleration in a closed chain environment. And I don't know if we mentioned this, but one of the goals with the with the shoulder complex reconditioning and in return to perform programs is reestablishing coordination of those shoulder complex muscles. So when you think of force couples, critical force upper and the shoulder relationship between the upper trap, lower trap, and serratus anterior to control upward rotation of the scapula. And when you think of your bear call variations, those stress that upper rotation force couple very nicely, a lot of different stability ball options to whether it's stability ball rollouts, stir the pots, you name it, stuff against the wall, whether it's just circle. Anything to work on that coordination between those key muscles and that force couple is going to be important. And then obviously you've got to integrate the upper extremity with the core and the lower extremity as well. So, you know, those are some things to consider. And we just listed out a laundry laundry with the stuff, fire hose coming at you. And then the thing too, I think the last thing before we get in for Ken, I want you to get into some performance drills that you've done, is just some desoloration drills. So that's where you can do tossing and catching type stuff with you know, small weighted ball or if you're using a rebound or whatever, whatever tools you have here disposal. But again, working on getting those and scapula muscles to desolary at higher speeds is going to be important as you help that client return to performance. Right. Right. And just so you know, guys, when it comes to these exercises that you bring up, you know, so the ball tosses, bear crawls, you know, these different levels of integration, you can have a relatively healthy person, something that, you know, somebody that's, you know, they're they're well-adept at their sport. But these are some great movements that they can do just to maintain a scapula or a shoulder complex health. So even though they may not be injured, it may be a sequence of the events or a strategy that you can use as a straight coach or personal trainer to keep someone healthy. So just because we're talking about return to performance, these these ideas and concepts when it comes to the like even if you mentioned Tony, like these are lower threshold stuff, a higher level athlete might look at it as a, as more of a movement preparation or more smart warm up as I've heard Kyle Stald mentioned it. So so as far as performance based drills, you know, just so you guys know, I mentioned Tom House earlier in the webinar. You know, he's he's a you know, pitching coach, you know, played for, you know, actually quite a few baseball teams in the 70s and the 80s. But he also was one of those guys that way back in the day. He was doing sports reconditioning before was called that. So return to performance is not a new idea. It's not a new concept. It's something that he's done specifically with throwers, pitchers specifically, you know, in the 80s and the 90s. I said, even today, but some of the drills I'm going to bring up, I have to give credit to Tom for exposing me to that. But I will also say that even though I learned it in the context of baseball, returned to performance, I've used it for swimmers. I've used it for football players. I've used it for just general conditioning for, you know, you know, this group of guys that are, you know, between 60 and 70 years old and, you know, so from from junior high to senior citizens, these these tools or these exercise can be used there. So throw and hold. So that's one of those things. You go through a full throwing motion. So if I've got, let's say, a baseball is five ounces, I'll go through the throwing motion, but I will hold on to the ball. Okay, so that's one thing. So if you, if you have a tennis racket and you're, you're trying to get back into serving, you know, you're don't throw your racket. So you're going to hold onto your racket as you go through the motion. So if you're a baseball player or softball player, you take that ball. You still go through the same throwing motion, but you hold on to the ball. Okay, flex T karaoke is. So if you understand a karaoke, that's a forward step backwards step. So you're going, laterally, and you're, and you're moving side to side as you would a karaoke. But you're holding your arms up in a 90 degree position. And if I'm doing a karaoke to the left, I'm going to look left. And if I go, we have to go the other way, I carry a okra right. I look right. You keep your shoulders out to the side while your hips rotate under you. So that's, so that's a motion that helps with that counter rotation. But because I'm in this relatively speaking, a shoulder externally rotated position, I am placing active demand on my posterior cuff. So as my body is moving, as my hips are rotating right and left, my rib cage is moving under my shoulder blade. So instead of this shoulder on rib cage movement, I have a rib cage under shoulder movement. So it's just a different way of stimulating those muscles around the shoulder blade. And because of the demand we're placing on the glenoheumul joint, we're placing a different demand also on the rotator complex. So when you talk about horse coupling, as you mentioned, just a minute ago, Tony, it's just another way to stimulate those muscles to activation in that shoulder complex. Throwing, using a towel, and just going through the throwing motion. So it's not a ball. You've got a towel just woven in your fingers here. And you're just going through reps and reps marching down the field, going through that shoulder motion. So even though it's again, a baseball type or baseball derived motion, I'll use it to encourage that rotation counter rotation between the upper and the lower spine. So when it comes to performance drills for the sake of return to performance, even though it's derived from baseball, if you look at it at its essence, it's essentially trying to create that right to lure that upper lower body counter rotation, rotation counter rotation. So as I have a right-handed picture, I might do it right-handed, but if it's general population, I'll do it right side and left side. So it does get the cognitive system working a little bit more when you're thinking about coordinating the right side versus the left side, which we don't really challenge the cognitive system enough when we need to stimulate, you know, how the brain and the body works. So that's pretty much what I have to bring to the table when it comes to performance. But when we do talk about return to performance for overhead athletes, we will go more in depth and but you know, I'll go ahead and generate some some videos to complement these return to performance drills. Awesome stuff, man. Definitely looking forward to that. And for those of you who are still listening, when we get into the next few episodes in the series, we're going to provide you with some specific case study format where we'll get more into specific programming components. What we've done to this point with each of the complexes, you know, foot-nangle, knee-hip, and now shoulder complexes, you know, we've kept things a little bit more general highlighted some of the big rocks and things that you want to focus on from a return to performance standpoint as we're relates to each of those regions. But in subsequent episodes, we're going to get much more specific and provide you with some example, very specific examples of programming for these different personas or different different case studies. So I'm excited about that. Looking forward to looking forward to learning from you, Ken, as always, and coming away with some new tools from a toolbox. But yeah, I think that brings us to the end of what we had on the docket for today, right? It's so fast. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, I believe we've been only talking for like 10 minutes here. But, uh, I'm surprised, Tony. Yeah. I'm going with you, buddy. So great time. Hey, we'll do this again next week. And we'll do, we'll do some more return to performance then. So again, on behalf of Tony and the National Academy of Sports Medicine, thanks everybody for listening and we will see you next week. Thanks everyone.