How's it going everybody? This is Ken Miller with the National Academy Sports Medicine. And I'm here with our buddy Tony Amler, right? How you doing Tony? Fantastic Ken. Did everyone how's it going? Happy to be back this week. Yeah, yeah, this is our fourth week now in our series for our return to performance webinars and every week's getting better and better. As far as what we're able to address as we figure out, how to put together the OPET model when it comes to getting an athlete or somebody who's recreationally active from some kind of injury state or less an optimal movement situation back to performance or if they weren't in that shape that they needed to be in using this this optimal performing training system to get somebody there. So last week was the knee and the week before that the foot nankles. So if you are not familiar with what we've been doing so far, the overview was a great place to start as far as getting familiar with how we look at getting that client or that patient or that athlete of yours involved with return to performance. So today's topic is going to be related to the hip complex. So I'm coming to this webinar from Alameda California, which is in the Oakland Bay area and Tony is out there all the way across the country at Atlanta, Atlanta, Georgia. So the reason why I bring you up to speed on where we are, you know, the thing about it is when it comes to application of this system. You know, this is something that works great from, you know, working with any sport from anywhere. So Tony being the professional that he is and involved with the athletes that he's been working with or has worked with in the past. This is one of those things where it's always fun for me to connect with you Tony when it comes to learning how you've applied the system. And when it comes to the hip, this is a very impactful region of the body. And basically, as Tony and have prepared for this webinar, there was a million ways we can go about it. As far as how to address it. So Tony, just this little bit of overview, when you're working with an athlete and looking at the house among moves, what are some of the considerations that you take in when it comes to working with this region of the body? Yeah. Can I think like we've discussed with the foot ankle, the knee, and as we'll get into next week with the shoulder, everything is connected. And so, well, you may have patients, clients or athletes that end up with a pathology or injury in this hip region, oftentimes just based on that regional interdependence or kinetic chain approach and look at things, you'll quickly find that, you know, not only will you see things locally that may need to be addressed, that could be contributing or that contributed to why they got injured in the first place. But you may also have to look more globally at areas above and below the hip to also see what might have been influenced that region and could have led to increased stress there that ultimately led to the injury. So, you know, for me, I just, I always go back to the system that we, that we have at NASM where we go through a series of assessments, each assessment, basically helps you uncover more and more information, helps, and helps ride you with greater insight into what might be the underlying contributing factors to whatever your patient, client or athlete is dealing with and what you're trying to help them get back from with their training program. So, you know, for me, it starts with the footnacle. We go through the five kinetic chain checkpoints. We'll kind of talk through our assessment, recommended assessment process here in a few minutes for this region, but basically look at the entire body, how it functions in an integrated sense during a variety of different movement patterns, and then break that down into more local or isolated segments to see if we can, we can really find that root cause in the areas that we need to prioritize from a programming standpoint. Right, and that's awesome because, you know, when I was looking at, you know, just pictures of the anatomy of the hip, as complex as that area is, you have to have multiple vantage points on how you would program design like you're talking about, but well, before that, you know, figuring out how, you know, what is it that we need to flesh out as far as, you know, what component or what joint within the hip is actually experiencing the deficit. So, you know, just to talk about a little bit about anatomy of the hip, you know, it's what they would call an osteoarticular ring, right, when you have the the the the ilium and the sacrum and the pubis, you know, all connect to form a ring, right, and and any one of those points can cause stress throughout the whole system, right? So, when we're talking about the ilium for moral joint, the the iliosacral, the pubic emphasis, um, lumbus acrolyven to move up a little bit higher, there are winds of now being okay, well, flushing out of okay, well, how's this area doing, how's that area doing, how's this area doing, how's that area doing, how's that area doing, so just even just locally, there's enough to look at, but as you're talking about with regional interdependence, some of what the problem may be, like if someone's experiencing some kind of hip dysfunction or even pain, that can be coming from some place else. Yeah, yeah, 100%. And, you know, with respect to the the anatomical structures that you just mentioned or the joints that you just mentioned, iliofamoral joint for those of you who who may not be familiar, that's the the interface between the ilium and the femur, so basically our ball and socket hip joint, iliofacoral joint is where the ilium and the sacrum interface, and so as the the ilium moves on the sacrum, that's what we would define as iliofacoral movement, and then screen saber guys, sorry, I haven't fixed that yet, got me again, then you've got the pubis where you know, the at the front of the pelvis, and then you've got the sacra iliof joint on the back of the pelvis where again it's the same interface between the sacrum and the ilium, but sacra iliof movement is essentially when the sacrum is moving on the ilium versus the ilium moving on the sacrum, so you may see those referenced in that way because of how the movements are taking, pulling how those structures are interacting with each other, and so yeah, you're absolutely right, there are certain things that can be local to the hip, for example, if somebody has let's say anatomical changes to their iliofamoral joint where they have let's say a cam, a cam defect, or something like that with with the shape of the for moral head, that could be limiting movement of that iliofamoral joint into rotation, then there have been some studies of show that there's increased movement at the pubic synthesis, so it just kind of reinforces this whole thing that if there's limited mobility or limited motion available at one segment, it's going to have a direct impact on the adjoining and adjacent segments, and that increased that increased movement may lead to increased stress over time, which could then lead to some type of injury or pain experience for your clients. Right, yeah, that's a lot of information, so one of the, you know I'm always, I'm always good for that. Yeah, I told you, you can't keep me like right, I'm writing my notes, but again, you know, it's it's just one of those things where with everything that you're saying again, you would you talk about the iliofamoral and then the sacred iliac, that's I mean, that's, I mean, there's there's books just written on that joint alone, so that's a lot to digest, but I mean, going forward from the joints, now you have to talk about all the muscles that crossover that regional anatomy, right? So, so now we're talking, you know, we're talking about the the pubis or the pubic synthesis now we're talking about the muscles that connect an influence that area, so now we're talking about the adjoining complex, and again, get back to the the the sacred region now we're talking about the glute max glute media's hamstrings that connect into the lower part of the hip into the issue of tuberosity or the issue. So what we're talking about now, joints now you have to talk about the muscles that crossover, so and that's what really blends in, okay, well what's happening at the knee, what's happening at the low back, and what's happening at the shoulder to where someone can be experiencing some kind of pain or discomfort in the hip region, but it could be emanating from how the muscles interacting with, you know, a joint that's maybe, you know, an area that's one joint or maybe even sometimes two joints away when it comes to, you know, understanding your your functional anatomy. So with with that and I'll let you say your perspective on that one, Tony, but this is where we as fitness professionals, or anybody that works with the human body has to have, you know, some study or quite a bit of study when it comes to how muscles interact in the human body from an upright position. Yeah, absolutely, Ken, so when it comes to the muscles, again, when we talk about programming, we'll focus not only local to the hip complex and the muscles there, but we may also have to focus our attention, maybe down even at the foot neck, we'll complex or around the knee because how those, how those muscles, all those muscles rather, excuse me, influence what goes on more, approximately at the hips and pelvis. Right. So let's, let's get into a little bit of the, you know, we discussed anatomical considerations. So when it comes to something, it's something I've been watching, you know, for years now, you know, with with a lot of the presenters out there when it comes to activation of the hips, not to jump into programming too far, but when it comes to things like, you know, because you've been trainer for over 20 years now, when it comes to the squat, which, which has been a very popular, which is, which is one of the best total body exercises, you know, out there squats, lunges and things like that, how much consideration do you give towards anatomical differences when it comes to, and this is something that's come up a lot when I've, when I've presented workshops to personal trainers, how much consideration do you give for anatomical differences in performing squats and lunges? Like how much leeway? I mean, there's the textbook, you know, parallel lines between trunk and spine, spine and shin, and, you know, things like that. So how, how do you look at the body or appreciate the differences that each and every client offers and, and how do you address that in your, in your assessment process? Yeah, so I think, you know, one, we've talked about this as a group as well, just understanding the difference between an assessment and, you know, how you might program a squat as an exercise. They may be the same, they might be, they might be different. When it comes to the squat, let's say, from an assessment perspective, we need to standardize the process, so we're always going to have the same set up feet oriented straight ahead and parallel to each other, roughly, you know, hip to shoulder with the part, and by standardizing that set up that allows us to be more objective and reliable in our observations, and it allows us to, to better track progress and changes over time. When it comes to set up for squatting as an exercise, I tend to start off the same way. My goal would be to try to get somebody to be able to perform a squat with ideal ankle knee, hip, and trunk orientations with the feet pointed straight ahead, and anywhere from hip to shoulder with the part. Now, I start there, obviously, there are certain animal considerations that that that you may hear of like hip anti-version, hip retroversion, which is a change in the angle of torsion of the, of the femoral head and neck. You know, anti-version is basically going to be when the femoral head and neck is oriented more anteriorly, which will basically place the hip into a position of greater internal rotation. You might notice a little bit less stability at the hip joint, and a more toe-dend gate with somebody who has, you know, true anti-version at the hip, and then retroversion will be the opposite of that. The angle of torsion is oriented more posteriorly. They're going to be biased, more tors external rotation at the hip. It is a more stable position at the hip, and then, you know, that individual may feel more comfortable and a more toe-doubt type gate pattern. And so when you look at the percentage of the population that has true anti-version or retroversion, it's relatively small, and, you know, there are specific tests that you can, they can be performed in order to determine the level of anti-version or retroversion, but within the scope of the fitness professional or or strengthening conditioning coach, that's not really within, within our scope to do those tests. And so for me, I was just a pro-chit that I'm dealing based on my other assessments. I'm likely dealing with more of a muscular imbalance, and an alignment issue due to either muscle tightness or muscle weakness. And I'll address my programming and address my clients exercise physician based on that. And over time, if I'm implementing what I feel is a correct programming, based on what I see, and I'm not seeing changes, or if trying to get my client into certain positions, creates more pain and discomfort for them, then that may indicate that there's some underlying anatomical considerations that we have to look into, and that may necessitate us modifying our programming because of that. So I think the goal for me would be to try to get somebody to move well from a more neutral orientation. Feet straight ahead, hip to shoulder with the part, and once they've demonstrated good control and the ability to to move that way, and throughout multiple planes, they've achieved ideal range of motion at the key joints involved, then that to me provides the freedom to be able to have more variability in the programming. So if at that point, I want the person to squat with their feet externally rotated and take more of an abducted position at the hip, then fantastic, or if you want to do things with a more internally rotated position, narrower stance, it just allows you a lot more the option for a lot more variability. If you know your client has that optimal range of motion in all planes of motion. So until then, I want to try and get somebody to function well within that neutral range, because if I don't, if I allow them to move in the positions with which they're comfortable, I'm likely just going to reinforce some of the imbalances that I've identified and observed with their movement and with their mobility assessments. So for example, if a client lacks hip internal rotation and as a tournament by my mobility test and during the overhead squat, I noticed that they assume more of an externally rotated foot alignment. Maybe they have to go wider, abduct an externally rotated the hip due to that limitation and hip internal rotation. If I just allow them to continue to squat that way, it's just going to perpetuate the it's going to perpetuate tightness and the muscle and overactivity and the muscles that are forcing them to squat that way in the first place. And so over time, I want to try to gradually reverse posture, reverse pattern, if we will, what they're comfortable doing. I don't notice changes, or there's an increase in pain or discomfort and things aren't improving, then I may have to refer out to a qualified practitioner to be able to do some of those more clinical and advanced tests or imaging to determine if there's other things going on that that are outside my scope. And I appreciate you sharing all that. It's a lot of great information because I just remember when still a strength coach and we would have six racks and it would be time to squat. As a team, we back squatted the players and through my time in the weight room when you would have three people working 12 people working in at the same time. I'm just going down the line. As we're squatting, you're noticing different different low-back positions, different angles. You've got two racks going on at the same time. Being able to watch these two players move totally different, but the end goal being to get their thighs parallel to the ground and then stand right back up. So some of the players you just have to say, hey, I need you to keep your chest up, but more importantly, let's those feet a little bit wider because I'm starting to see your knees cave in or just put a little bit more focus on keeping those knees out and tracking within the hip and the toes. So appreciating individuality, I mean, some players felt an immediate difference as far as maybe some stress that they were experiencing the low-back because of the compensations or what the hip was not able to do under a loaded squat. So the low-back started to kick in and that's one of those things that goes into appreciating. Everybody's different anatomy and, you know, so from that perspective, that's one of those things that I think our listeners or our viewers need to understand is that everybody's anatomy is different and to the point that you made is that if someone has an anterior or a retry version, in all my years of working with athletes, I've had one person who was a very high-level athlete for his sport had an x-ray brought it in and it actually showed how anti-verted his hip was anatomically. So, you know, after seeing the x-ray, you feel bad because all those times, hey, you got to get lower, man. You got to squat deeper, you know, if I'm going to pass you off on this workout, you know, getting this, you know, checking off that you squatted this much weight, you got to get lower. And once that x-ray came across the desk, you know, for us coaches are like, oh, man, all this time, you know, he just, you know, he wasn't pushing himself enough, but it was a disregard for what, well, physically what he was bringing to the table. So, you know, of course, you know, since then, it's always been one of those things where now I've said, okay, well, well, we'll let this go. Let's find something else that we can do outside of a squat. Well, maybe instead of a back squat, maybe a front squat, where we're loading the hips differently is an option. And with, like, what you're saying, you know, maybe toe out a little bit, maybe a little bit wider, these little micro adjustments, you know, in time did, did lead to a big difference in this, this, this, this athlete's ability to move. So, so thank you for sharing that. First, sure. Yeah, and you bring up another point exercise selection. I mean, while squats are great, you have plenty of other options to, whether it's a modification to the squat itself. You mentioned changing range of motion requirements, but you have, you know, step-ups, lunges, split squats, rear foot elevated squats. I mean, there's a variety of different things that you can implement as the trainer coach to still get a great stimulus and training effect without exacerbating what might be going on with the athlete. You know, it's interesting with squat, with squatting, since we're on the topic, you know, when it comes to full range of motion. And, you know, what, what will be considered ideal? There was a study, I think it was by Raya, a couple of years ago, yeah, that looked at the difference between quarter squat and full squat, effect on power measures of power output, like sprint, sprint time and vertical jump performance. Now, as interesting is as you'd expect, let's say the quarter squat group got better at quarter squatting, the full squat group got better at full squatting. Their performance increased accordingly, but the quarter squat group had better improvements in their, in their sprint time and vertical jump performance. And so when you look at transferance of training and the specific positions that are required for the athlete to perform on the, on the field, on the court. And so forth, just doing a full squat for the sake of doing a full squat doesn't necessarily translate to improve performance outcomes. And so that's where again, if you look at the athlete as an individual, you take into consideration there, maybe there are structural limitations, there are capabilities and modify the programming based on that. You can still see improvements in their performance, which I think ultimately is the end goal is how they perform on the field on the court and how they're contributing to the team's success, not just trying to get them to squat, perform a full squat for the sake of doing it or because that's what everyone else is doing. If that doesn't have a measurable impact on why they're training in the first place. Right, right. So let's load up the bars and quarter squat all day long. Yeah, I'm all about that. Yeah. So, okay, we kind of jumped a couple of points already with the dressing exercise and programming. Regretions and progressions, but so before that, before we even get to the point where we're putting the bar on the back, we're saying earlier, you need to be able to assess someone's ability to, you know, the individual's ability to accept load, right? So, so that leads us into the assessment process. And again, and, you know, putting this, this webinar together, you know, there's, there's just one to being the list kept growing as far as how we, how we look at the body, what are we looking for again? Once you fleshed up, okay, it's not the foot nangle. It's not the shoulder because, you know, when it comes to compensations, you know, compensations can start from the top and work its way down. They can start from the bottom and work its way up or they can start in the center and then work its way out. So, you know, which leads us to looking at the lumbar pelvic hip complex. And this conversation just the hip complex. So, when it comes to the assessment process, you know, we look at, you know, static, you know, dynamic, transitional, things like that. So, with the hip, what's your, what's the area or how do you assess? Just from the static standpoint. Because I remember when I was when I was more of an active massage therapist, you know, and asked my client, hey, you know, what is it you want to work on today? What area would you like for me to spend more time? And while they're talking and I'm listening, I am doing just like kind of doing one of those little, just scanning them up, you know, top to bottom, bottom to top and terminator. Yeah, you're exactly like a red, red light being in the type of that. So, but now it's like, okay, so he's telling me what he wants me to work on. So, you know, that's, that's, that's one assessment, but then statically or looking at his static position, I'm looking at, okay, is he hyped up here? Is he had a drop there? What are some of the things that you look at as far as the hip complex from the static position? Yeah, so local to the hip definitely want to look at the position of the Elliott crest. So, you know, one we want to look at it in the frontal plane, is it level in the frontal plane or is there a hip hike and relative hip drop on one side or the other? Also looking at the orientation in the sagittal plane and transverse plane, is there any type of rotation involved in the transverse plane and any type of deviation in the sagittal plane, whether that's more of an anteriorly rotated pelvis or a posteriorly rotated pelvis. Those are going to be the big ones. And, you know, some of those things are hard to eyeball, so kind of guiding your client through different motions and movements may be able to help you better determine what position they're, they're kind of more resting and if you will. So, if you're assessing, let's say an anterior pelvic tilt or if you're trying to determine if a client is in more of an anterior tilt then might be considered ideal. Have them go through some active anterior posterior tilt and so as you ask them to perform an anterior tilt, try to assess or observe how much motion they're actually going through and then have them perform a posterior tilt and see how much movement emotion they're going through and if they have more relative motion going into a posterior tilt then that would indicate that they're probably resting or their static posture is in more of an anteriorly rotated position. And vice versa, if somebody has more mobility or is able to move a greater amount when they tilt forward anteriorly then they might be resting and more of a posteriorly tilted position. So, those are just some really simple assessments you can do. I will say globally I'll take a look at the foot ankle complex as well because we know that a more of a pez plane is or flattened foot posture and have a direct impact on pelvic alignment particularly anterior tilt in the sagittal plane. So, for every few degrees that the feet flatten that can change the amount of tilt and the pelvis substantially. So, if we're looking at or working with a client who's got some hip complex issues that we're trying to flesh out, we do want to pay attention to the foot ankle complex as well just to see what's going on there. Anything else that you look at can? Well, I mean, you're pretty much covered it, but to talk about the anterior and the posterior pelvic tilt, I think there's a lot that goes into that that a lot of trainers don't realize, you know, for one to see somebody like you you explain it if you instruct an anterior, you know, so if you give the analogy like the bucket full of water you want to spill that water to the front of your shoe to explain the anterior pelvic because I mean, when you're talking anatomy anterior pelvic does it's like what does that mean? What do you want me to do? It's like, yeah, I just want I want your belt buckle to point down towards the floor or that that water bucket analogy. So, for an anterior pelvic tilt spill in front, I post your pelvic tilt spill back behind you and one of the tools that that offers the personal and from personal trainer to client athlete patient is that now it's the way to start learning each other's language, right? So, what I'm telling you to spill that water bucket forward or I'm going to say anterior pelvic tilt mentioned it, but I'm going to talk water bucket because for the most part, everybody understands the water bucket. So, to go off of that, you know, we're establishing some communication. I know that now if I'm talking about it, you know, are you tactile person where you need to feel it? Are you verbal? So, you know, do I just need to say it a different way? Or visual where I just need to explain these things? So, that's that is the assessment process is a part of the, you know, laying the groundwork or, you know, laying the past to communicate for future sessions. So, there's that point with what you're talking about with performing an anterior posterior pelvic tilt, but there's also the fact that, you know, where are they initiating movement from where I've seen people, you know, just, you know, I've demonstrated explained it. Just like I've told you, but what happens is that they lean back or they'll hunch forward that all the motions coming from someplace else other than that region that we're talking about. So, so now we're having, you know, a bigger insight on what their connect their mind body connection is, because if they can't do that or if they're trying, it's like, I'm trying, you know, I'm really trying to spill that water onto the front-line ship. Now, we know that the, the proprioception or your kinesthetic awareness of where your body is, forget about us talking and me trying to get you to do something, you're trying, and I honestly, you know, want to give you credit for trying, but you're, you're having trouble trying to do those things that I want you to do. So that gives me an idea really now of, you know, there's what I feel like we can do when I start to program design, but whether or not, you know, you can do it is another thing. So now, again, I'm always about trying to put the athlete into a position of success, give them these small wins. So now you've got to, you've got to step back in your conversation and, and really, you know, I'm saying dummy it down, but you got to speak to their level of comprehension when it comes, not just to, you know, speaking and do this or do that, but also it's speaking their body's language and the, the hip complex is a great area to kind of figure out, you know, how much, how much awareness, how much control do they have of that region? Because it could be that like what you're saying, if they are, you tell them to answer your public tilt and they, you know, they get maybe a centimeter, they're trying, but then they go the other way and they have all that range for that post your public tilt. Well, yeah, you're right, they're, they're already there. So, I can kind of check off that box as far as that, that tilt of position. Yeah. So, so when it comes to to the anterior and posterior public tilt, that's, that's one structural phase of a onboarding session that not just gives me an idea of, okay, how are they holding cells, how are they possibly loading their spine? You know, when it comes to their day to day, but also how do I need to communicate with them, moving forward from here? Yeah, fantastic. Actually, use the bucket of water analogy this morning with a client. Not on an assessment, but doing a reverse programming a reverse crunch. So, yeah. Holdy but giddy is definitely an oldy but giddy. And then now moving forward from the, you know, if you're, if you're skilled and you've been trained in palpation, you can, you can, you can actually, and you're qualified certified license, you have a qualification to put hands on, on clients than palpation is, is another means of doing it, but there's so much to be gleaned from the ability to have the client actually do it. So, I'm, I'm more in favor of the instructing the anterior post your public tilt, find the middle, and moving forward, that's where we can consider your neutral spine. So, again, when it comes to the forces that cross the body, you know, from upper to lower, from left to right, you know, when it comes to things like walking, you know, you have two times two times the force coming through that area, you need to start to run and jog, five to six times stair climbing, you know, six to eight times the forces coming through that region, or even when you're talking about jumping. Now, depending on what you're reading, 10 to 12 times body weight force coming through that area. So, and that's just to really emphasize how important this region is, because nothing gets to the upper body and nothing gets to the lower body without going through that hip complex, right, if some is for somebody that's upright. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. What about, do you look at greater choke anor dolls or anything you look at specifically there? Sadly, from a, from a greater, from the greater choke anor again, more from the palpatients standpoint, you know, just use my hands, again, open palm trying to get a feel for where that is. Now, looking for, you know, is one higher than the other. And again, you mentioned it earlier, the foot nanko complex has a lot to do with how that, how that area of the body is going to be lined up and then from there again, looking at the aliac crest, you know, looking from that vantage point, is that now affecting that, or if it isn't now, we can start to figure out. So, clear some things off the table and whatever is left is the things that we have to work on. So, from a greater choke anor standpoint, I'll address that if I'm, if I'm palpating that region of the body. But what, what, what assessment processes have you incorporated to look at for moral position from that sample? If, um, none really, I mean, I think there's some assumption, there's some assumptions going on, right, just based on, you know, the study that we reference quite a bit came as 2007, kind of alluded to this a few minutes ago when there's hyper-ponation present at the feet, that's going to have a direct effect on for moral internal rotation and then anterior pelvic tilt. So, as you mentioned, if there's just an increase in lower extremity pronation, then you're going to see those greater choke anor's are probably going to be a little bit more prominent on palpation. They're going to be, um, they're going to be oriented a little bit more anteriorly and then you're going to see that that increase in anterior tilt. So, the, the greater degree of pronation or foot flat footedness rather, um, you see then you're likely going to see more internal rotation at the, at the femurs and, and more of an anterior tilt. So, yeah, I was just curious if there was anything you, you did specifically. So, cool. So, with that, you know, statically, you've got some great things to look at and then, you know, we always have our transitional assessments overhead squat, single leg squat, what are some things that you want to be on the look out for, when dealing or or addressing the hip complex as, as a relates to those transitional assessments? Yeah. So, when it comes to the assessment process, again, I'm building up my, my database on how this person is moving. So, when it comes to these now transitional assessments, they're going to confirm or deny some of my observations from the static posture of assessments, right? So, as someone is squatting now with their arms up overhead. Now, I'm just going to look at, uh, with that, that L'Embal Public Hip Complex, are they initiating with a low back arch, right? Yep. Are they forward leaning? Um, knees coming in. So, now, figuring out, okay, well, you know, when we look at the hip complex in, in concentric, it's going to extend, ab duct, externally rotate, which means that, essentially, it decelerates flexion, flexion, adduction, and internal rotation. So, if I'm now seeing the knees are coming in with that anterior pillow tilt or that excessive low back arch, just to look at that region, um, you know, hopefully, well, hopefully it's a, you know, for some people, they may look right statically. But then once you get a moving, then things start to pop up. So, I'm going to use it to kind of get more information. So, as I'm noticing those compensation patterns through that region of the body, um, those are basically, you know, just to look at, you know, from the front, from the side, but from the posterior view now, uh, the big thing that I'll see with a lot of, you know, say, um, you know, especially rotational athletes, um, is a lateral hip shift. So, this is where when they're in the descent of their overhead squat, you'll start to notice a shift, one way or the other, which now gives a different protocol for the right side versus the left side. So, so from there now, now things got a little bit more intricate when it comes to the movement preparation part of their programming. So, again, if it's an athlete, they may have no symptoms, right? So, except for, you know, a couple of compensations, but if that shift leads, you know, one way or the other, now it's like, okay, well, now we have to treat the right side a little bit different from the left concepts, the steps are going to still be the same when it comes to inhibit length and strength and integrate, but how we get there with right versus left now becomes a different story. Yeah, yeah, no doubt. It's at the ASS shift, a symmetrical weight shift. But yeah, yeah, absolutely. And I'll look forward to to dive in into that a little bit more or we get into the programming. Because I think that how to address the weight shift that comes up quite a bit in our workshops and student questions, just trying to conceptualize the relative asymmetries between the two sides and then what that means from a programming standpoint, I think, hopefully we can break it down in a way that makes it a little bit easier to conceptualize and then understand how to program for that. So, great points. Right. And then what builds on top of that now is the ultimate humblur assessment, which is now the single-leg squat. You know, so this is one that puts a lot of people and check from the standpoint that, you know, and I'm sure you have two-tone. You work with somebody that's competed at the highest level possible, but when it comes to doing a single-leg squat, you've seen, like, how is this guy, you know, how's this guy a gold medal winner, you know, and it's one of their conferences or whatever, and they can't stand on one leg. Yeah. You know, a trotious pattern, so I know you have two. Right. Thank you. Appreciate the abilities that I'm much more. Right. Right. And that's why I like, I'm really, you know, I'm what I call, I'm in demonstration shape. So if I can, if I could put my hands on my hips and then go ahead and get a squat and I get five good ones without that, you know, without getting that little kickstand help from that, but that's in the air. By the time this athlete or person is squat, like, how did you do that? It's like, wow, you know, it's just years of training, but it's just, if I can get five good ones, that's all I need to do from a demonstration standpoint. But, but yeah, you, you know, and it's done the other way too, where somebody that, you know, may not be operating in a high level, they can do those all day long, right? But, um, but yeah. So my point in bringing that up is just because somebody's a really good athlete, and they've operated a high level and seemingly, you know, injury free, doesn't mean that these assessments, whatever they may be. If it's new and novel to them, they haven't rehearsed it, which makes it really, you know, makes those movement patterns for assessment-wise, you know, the better pattern because they're not rehearsed at, they're not practice. They haven't laid down the motor patterns to gain success at it. So sing the legs squat, especially with the hands on the hips and not in a pistol position. Will, will tell you a lot from someone's ability to, for one, stabilize, right? Balance on, on that single leg during the descent, but also when we start to look at the hip drop or a hip hike, or if their shoulder turns in or they start to rotate out, or maybe even a little bit of a shift, everybody's got a different strategy, and to now see how the knee reacts, how the hip reacts, and how the, the uperspion reacts when somebody's on a single leg. Just from the vantage point, now that, you know, when we look at the gate cycle, someone just walking, you know, 85% of that gate cycle is going to be on a single leg, and then now when you talk about someone who's running, 100% of that running cycle is going to be on one leg. So it's, it's one of those things where I do need to know how, you know, how you operate or how your, how your body functions on a single leg. Yep, no doubt. Yep. So, so that, there's some of the things you would see on a single leg. Can what are things that you would be looking for? There would, there would be less an ideal, especially for this region. Yeah, for this region, especially when you talk, you know, when you start to put together like some of the complaints, you know, where they might experience tension, irritations in the hip, I might watch out for, or have my eyes peeled out for a hip drop. Right. So, so, as, as you squat, let's say I'm on the right leg. So now, if I'm squatting and my left hip is now dropping lower than my stance leg, that's where you call hip drop, or maybe there's strategy is, it's to hip hike where they shift everything over to where now I'm not using not as much of my muscular system, right, as well. I'm just balancing over the leg and trying to get much of my mass over that standing leg as possible to take off some of the stress on the muscular joint or the muscles around that joint, right? So, the other thing, too, is just watching out for hip rotation. Anything that takes us away from that ideal alignment to where it's saying, okay, I need to bail out my glute because my glute is in strong enough to hold the hips level, or it's not strong enough to keep my shoulders square above my hips. So, I'm watching for rotation and a drop or a hike when it comes to that single leg squat. Now, some people, it's just just doing a single leg stance or just balancing on a single leg. These compensations can pop up and I know that when when I have somebody do a single leg squat, my, my template, you know, rep range is going to be five, but if someone shows me right off the bat, that they can't control themselves. I mean, say, right, after two reps, I've seen enough, you know, we're good, a studio that'll leg now, right? So, yeah, so I'm looking at also bilateral symmetry right there. So, one has somebody has a really good squat on one leg, but they have something that's not as good, and noticeably not as good, like some people can squat really well on the right, and maybe they have to keep tapping that toe down on their left. That's something to note as well. It's not just, and that just doesn't speak about the hip, but also that whole, that whole side all together, because it says, okay, I can control load, balance, stability on this side, but this side, not so much, which, again, it's all being brought into the bigger puzzle as far as how well can this person move and control their body, you know, for this initial phase of their training. Yep, yep, Matt. Cool. So, you know, from there, we can start to get into some specific mobility tests, right? Look at range of motion at some of these different segments, and, you know, for this region, some of the big ones are going to be, you know, looking at hip extension range of motion, so doing the Thomas Test or modified Thomas Test, particularly in clients where you might notice an excessive low back arch, hip abduction and external rotation, which is going to assess the the extensibility of the the adductor complex, then you can also look at hip internal rotation, and not only you're looking to see, you know, can you achieve benchmarks here, but we're looking at symmetry in particular, because that pelvis is at closed ring, if there's any symmetry, where one side is less mobile than the other, that's going to have a direct impact on the entire pelvic complex. And so, with hip internal rotation, you can look at the hip, you can look at the hip internal rotation from a prone position, as well as from a seated or or supine position, if you will, our benchmarks there are 45 degrees in either position, and, you know, typically individuals who have some complaints of pain and the hip hip complex and hip region, as well as up into the low back, you're going to see some limitations in that hip internal rotation range of motion, might also see limitations in hip abduction and extension as well. We do want to look at hip external rotation, and then some other things, just doing like a straight leg raise to assess hamstring extensibility, you can also do the the 1990 knee extension test, if you wanted to to look at that, and then lumbar flexion and extension, as well as trunk rotation. So, a lot of these things, you know, we're focusing a lot of our attention on the hip complex and conditions that your clients may experience there, but know that a lot of things that go on at the hip are going to influence low back issues that your clients might have, as well as, you know, next week when we get into the shoulder, stuff that's going on in the upper extremity can also influence the low back. And so, similar to the knee getting copped between the hip and the ankle, the low back lumbar spine is copped between the hips and the upper extremity and upper quarter, and can be influenced by either. So, a lot of things that we're talking about here, if you have a client who's coming back from some type of low back pathology, we're low back injury, a lot of things that we're covering here will also apply to that individual as well. Right. And, you know, with that said, you know, when somebody has an ability to control their body or, and we're actually evidencing, you know, evidencing. As we're seeing this, evidence through their movement pattern, you know, you have, you know, we have the overhead squats and glicksquat, the Thomas test and all that, you know, those prone internal rotation. As you start together, those data points, and then not to say that, you know, someone comes to you, because they've been referred to you, because they have some kind of pain or discomfort. It doesn't mean that we're, you know, we're just hanging on every word as far as their injury is concerned, because we want to be sensitive and we want to be able to show them that we care because we do. And so these data points have to coincide with, okay, well, what's this person experiencing, you know, what they're experiencing is real and is reasonable. And that, that in and of itself is another data point. So to take everything that you discuss with those individual movement assessments, internal rotation, hip extension, external rotation. Now we start to figure out, okay, why is this region of the body experiencing all this stress? And because apparently the amount of stress in the force that's coming through that area is exceeds the tissue tolerance for that load and that's why there's been some kind of irritation and why somebody's feeling uncomfortable. So when you start to talk about things like pure formus syndrome, sciatica can be in, is in that same conversation, bursitis, you know, going strains or, or, as we have here going disruption, hip flexor strange and all that, you know, all these data points feed into, okay, why is there so much going on stress-wise in this area? And, you know, in conversation with other trainers that I know that have listened to our other webinars and yes, Tony, we do have listeners for other webinars. Yeah, we do. Yeah, we do. Some of them we're hoping to actually have like templates, okay, well, my clients got this, you know, this profile, you know, a tailor from oral syndrome, but you didn't tell us how to do it, right? And that's not the point in this webinar. We, we, we were, we were trying to instill upon you as, okay, everybody's got a different region for why they have pain, right? So you know, if we say it's a hip flexor strain, there's a multitude of reasons why somebody has what's been diagnosed as a hip flexor strain, whatever that means for that person, but what you're trying to do as if it is professional is be able to to figure out, okay, where is this person not moving but should, right, and where are they, where are they moving, but should it, right? Yeah, so you take all these points and then you can figure out what it would take for this person as an individual to move better. So we can talk injuries all day long, but you know, you just bring them up just from the vantage point of if you hear these things, it gives you some insight on what, you know, where the irritations happening, but you still have to look at the body overall and and be able to put together, you know, what's moving that shouldn't be and what or shouldn't be or as much as it is moving or that area that should, but it's not, right? Yeah. So yeah, so the injury, you know, the specific diagnosis to your point earlier is that's where the capacity or the tolerance of that particular tissue was exceeded. That's, you know, whatever the underlying mobility limitations or excessive mobility in certain cases in a particular region led to greater stress on that particular tissue or tissues or structures than than others. And so, you know, we don't want to chase pain. We're not, it's not within our scope to address the injury specifically, but, you know, it's interesting with a lot of the things that you mentioned can, you know, recite us or, you know, truck and tarot pain syndrome, which, you know, you might hear of piriformis syndrome, hamstring strains, all the groin stuff, FAA, for more, uh, antitabular impingement syndrome. A lot of those, when you, when you go back to the mobility assessments and the movement observations that we just discussed, many of them can essentially be, be drilled down to a lot of the same facts, you know, with increased formal adduction and internal rotation limitations in hip extension, increased anterior pelvic tilt. All of those are going to stress those tissues that that we just mentioned. So, you know, it's interesting just anterior pelvic tilt is a big one and not only can that affect things like the hamstrings and the sagittal plane create more tension through those guys, adic or magnus, um, as well as, you know, increased reliance on those muscles because the glutes may be in a less than optimal position. Um, in somebody who has that anterior pelvic tilt, but when you increase the anterior tilt of the pelvis, that can lead to automatically that can lead to a decrease in hip internal rotation. So you might see up to 10 degrees loss of hip hip internal rotation and you might see, um, up to 10 degrees loss in hip flexion, right? So when we talk about our functional movements and, you know, going back to our athlete who squat, if you're trying to get an athlete to perform a, you know, a cheeks to snakes or full squat, and they, and they have an anterior pelvic tilt, well, they've lost 10 degrees of hip flexion, they've lost 10 degrees of hip internal rotation, then that's going to increase the, or that's going to, that's going to increase the likelihood of them sustaining some type of impingement sooner, right? Because the hip joint basically runs out of of range of motion, and so those tissues are going to, those tissues are going to, or structures are going to hit end range sooner, and that's going to lead to more global compensations. You might see a posterior pelvic tilt or a mumbar flexion towards the end range of a squat because of some of these things. And so, um, you know, it's interesting how many of, uh, many of the injuries, many of the aches and pains in this region can be attributed to a lot of the same underlying factors. And so that'll be, that'll be reflected on the program. I mean, for sure, um, you know, it's interesting to, sorry, uh, you got to, you got to real me in here and I'm in it probably, but uh, with, uh, put it out there. Just put it out there. No, with respect to, uh, that increase the anterior pelvic tilt, um, you know what they found, I think I mentioned, you know, if you have somebody with a cam deformity of the femoral head, um, while individuals with, uh, with that deformity may have, um, decreased range of motion overall, changing the position of the pelvis, um, has a similar effect. So, somebody with that type of anatomical deformity, uh, where there's that bump on the, uh, on the femoral head, that's going to limit their range of motion. But then when you factor in the positional faults of increased anterior pelvic tilt, um, that's just going to further decrease their available range of motion. So, regardless of whether you're dealing with some anatomical stuff or not in anatomical considerations, you still can't ignore the other stuff that we're talking about. You can't just say, oh, well, it's, it's an anatomical thing and there's nothing we can do about it. Because you can certainly mitigate and prevent things from getting worse, uh, or getting exacerbated as a result of some of these movement faults. So, I think that going back to our, our earlier conversation, you know, you certainly want to take anatomical differences into, into, into account and into consideration. But it doesn't mean you should just throw out some of these other things that we're talking about. Because you can still, even if you can't, um, reverse or significantly improve what you're finding, you might be able to prevent things from going further down the path and the wrong direction. Right. Right. And, you know, and, and we, we do need to talk about programming soon, but to, yes, piggyback, piggyback on to all that. And, and something that you and I have talked about many times, you know, you have an athlete that's been like, a professional athlete for years and they've just been in and out of the training room. Right. So, they'll, they'll come in and they'll basically treat whatever is aggravating the player. And then they'll, you know, be post surgery or they'll resolve the, the pain issue somehow, but then they'll get back to their regular strength conditioning or practice or work out routine. And then they might feel something else, right? They might have another issue. So, one day, and this is where you know, like when I'm watching, you know, when ESPN was talking about, you know, when we had sports, going on, you know, somebody might have a foot an ankle issue, like an ankle spray and but then later on, um, in the season, they may have a hip issue of some sort, right? So, so, and that's one of the beauties of figuring out, okay, what is the best, you know, when we're talking about return, return to performance strategies with the assessment processing outside of looking at, you know, specific individual, you know, considerations like, like, whether you were just talking about, now we have to talk about, okay, well, do they have the control and, um, can we address that issue before we get them back into their regular routine so that if we do, you know, the battery of assessments from a static to transitional, add in a gate assessment, local, local assessments, you know, looking for internal external, the extension, all that good stuff, but, you know, how do we get the player athletes stronger from this process than where they were before, where they were just constantly revisiting either for the same injury or just related injuries, because you had that layering effect of excessive anterior till now we have a excessive low back arch and now we have excessive knee-values that all, you know, if we, if we pick one muscle of the glutes definitely come up or even core intrinsic core stability winds up being an issue from that vantage point. So, a lot of, a lot of, a lot of good points there where, again, we're not chasing pain, but what we are looking for is moving efficiency and can you move efficiently and effectively as a human first and then as an athlete, more position players second. All right. So, so with that, when it comes to, yeah, I was going to, I was going to see with that said, or when it comes to that and what, what do we do? What do we do? What do we do? Right. So, for the hit, hit the big issue and, you know, you're not going to find any workout plan that doesn't include that, right? I mean, well, back in the day when you just use a bunch of selector as equipment, you can sit on your butt and then do your press, do your row, do your pull down, do your leg press, and it's a minimal involvement, but now that, you know, let's say in a facility like, or you are working with open space or if we're working with athletes that have to be able to move in different directions. Now, we have, you know, the hips have to take precedence when it comes to preparation. So, as we've talked about, as far as program design and in these webinars, it's going to be basically the corrective exercise strategy as, as a national academy sports medicine, teaches it with inhibit, right, to get the muscles to relax or to down regulate overactive regions of the body. Then we have to lengthen. So, those that have been shown to be in a short, more short and position, we've got to get some lengthen that's going to help recruitment patterns so that when we get into the third step for activation, now we have a better opportunity or more opportunity to activate and up regulate the activity and an opposing muscle group. Okay, and then the integration process. And, and in the integration process, as we've discussed it with both the knee and the foot ankle complex, as we will, here with the hip complex, is that now we will add more sports oriented activation exercises or movement patterns to, to get somebody to, to be an environment where they can, you know, look, touch, feel, smell more like the activity like they're, that what they're going into. So, you know, just to kind of take on, let's say, as a pseudo case study, you know, looking at something like a pure formus syndrome, or somebody is expressing, you know, symptoms or has been diagnosed with sciatic issues, sciatica. Um, just to give us a working template on how we might get somebody to move better with a typical compensation that might come along with it. Tony, where would you start if, if that was the scenario you'd posed with? Yeah, well, you know, I think first just, so we're all looking at the same sheet of music or coming at it from the same sheet of music, you know, a pure formus syndrome, generally is, is a condition or scenario where, you know, the pure, formus muscle is overloaded in some way, and that overload creates some type of inflammation that's, that's having an influence on, on the sciatic nerve in, in that region. And so, that may, that may present itself as, you know, some deep pain in the gluten region. You may get some, some symptoms down the back of the, the legs, sciatic, like symptoms. And so, I guess what we have to do is we have to understand, okay, why is the pure formus getting overloaded? And so, typically what we see is, you know, the pure formus is a relatively small muscle when you compare it to the, the glutes, but often when you see clients who present with, let's say a lack of hip internal rotation during their functional, during their mobility tests, maybe during their movement, functional movements, squat, single leg squat, you're going to see increased adduction and internal rotation of their femur. That may be indicative of decreased glute activation, glute, glute, glute max and glute media. So, the glute max, as you mentioned before, you know, during functional movements, the glute max, its primary job is to decelerate hip flexion, adduction, and internal rotation. Glute media is going to post your fibers in particular, going to decelerate adduction, internal rotation, and flexion. And so, if, if those guys are relatively underactive due to a variety of different reasons or potential causative factors, that pure formus is going to have to load chair and take on the brunt of the work as a result of synergistic dominance. And so, you know, the relative size of that muscle compared to the glutes is small and it's not going to be able to handle that amount of stress. And so, that's going to lead to that's going to lead to that information on that particular structure. And that's going to cause the pain and could potentially create pressure on the side, ignore. You know, we can't ignore the influence of that potentially on the the adductor magnets and biceps for more us as well, where, you know, synergistically those muscles are going to become more active if the glute media's and glute max are not keeping up with with what they need to. So then, you know, with that, you know, more traditional approach for, you know, somebody with that deep, glute and posterior thigh pain would be, you know, let's stretch the heck out of the piriformis. But, basically what we just described, that piriformis is already e-centricly overloaded. So it's already getting lengthens repetitively under load. And so stretching it may offer some temporary relief, but it's just essentially reinforcing the stress that's already being placed on it during movement. And so, I think that from a programming standpoint, what we would want to do is inhibit the piriformis so we can perform a mild, facial, mild, facial technique like rolling or use percussion and vibration over that muscle that will help to kind of down-regulate that muscle decrease its overactivity without without trying to increase its extent to the ability. So, perform an inhibitory technique on the piriformis and then from a lengthening standpoint, lengthen the muscles that could be contributing to that stress, that increase stress on the piriformis. Perform a stretch on the rectus femoris, right? So if this is a client who has an increased anterior tilt and an excessive low back arch, and we want to, we want to address the hit flex or complex. So look at the rect fem. Also, perform maybe a lengthening technique on the biceps femoris, add up to the magnet, maybe the anterior add up to the anterior if there is an anterior pelvic tilt. So, inhibit the piriformis, lengthen the rect fem, biceps femoris add up to the magnet. And then from there we can get into our strength and activate exercises for the glute backslute radius. And, you know, there's a host of fantastic techniques that we can use for that. And basically, just select the best one based on your client's ability to perform the movements without compensation. We also can't ignore the anterior core. So again, if you're dealing with a client who has an anterior pelvic tilt, we want to perform exercises that are more anti-extension focused that can help bring the pelvis back into more of a posteriorly oriented position or closer to neutral. So, you know, things like dead bugs, quadruped opposite arm leg raise, maybe even some crunch variations, planks if you want to get more advanced. And then, you know, sideplanks if you want to look at more of an integrated exercise for the glute medius. And then from an integration standpoint, we want to, to try and get them moving well in all planes of motion utilizing multiple drivers. So, you know, following the purpose-eptive continuum that we laid out a couple webinars ago using a variety of different resistance modalities, different body positions and speeds. So, you know, starting off with, let's say, a two leg pattern like a ball wall squat, for example, where, you know, you can load the hips with minimal dependence on, you know, foot-naked mobility. You can maintain and encourage more of an upright trunk and spine position, which will decrease stress to that particular formus region. And then you can progress to maybe more of an alternate type exercise, whether that's a step up in line lunge in different planes. And then, you know, from there, you can get into your single leg exercises, where now that hip has to really, those glutes really have to work to control the hip and the lower extremity on a single leg. You can also incorporate two blocking, both side to side front to back diagonal. Again, just getting the entire hip complex to work in multiple planes, wall maintaining good core alignment. So, making sure to prevent falling into that anterior pelvic tilt, where, again, we're putting that piriformis in a position to have to take over for the glute complex. And then from there, we can get into, you know, some of our performance oriented drills. And, you know, that can be jump squat progressions. You know, what are some other things? You know, where you might use the upper body as a driver to create stress through the hip, like single leg balance with maybe shoulder swings, or before that, you can even do maybe single leg windmill, where now you're moving the upper body through space to create more stress and perturbation through the hip. What other stuff, what other stuff would you throw in there can from a more dynamic performance oriented standpoint? Yeah, increasing to a reasonable level, just, you know, the complexity. So, like, the stuff we might do for other programming things like a side lunge to a balance. But now to do a side lunge balance. And then add what you're, you know, what you, what you mentioned as far as an upper body driver side, say side lunge balance on my left and then rotate left. And, you know, do the same thing to the other side. So, just adding, adding, you know, another step to what they might do for a regular client. But if I'm going to be more athletic or performance driven for sport, like baseball, or swimming, or whatever it is, I might add in another complex step, or maybe add in like a little light ball toss, that you mentioned perturbation. So, to give them that little, that impact, where now they have to, I symmetrically stabilizer and rotate from, you know, from a balanced standpoint. Or even just get down two legs, you know, side side step, or we're doing like the two blocking you mentioned. And add a little, you know, a little toss and go that could be a tennis ball, or a four pound med ball. Something like that, just to add now these drivers, these slow incremental rotations with every step. Again, they have to earn their way up to these progressions, or just give them a little pause so that I can give them these little, these little winds, as we mentioned before, you know, given these little points of success that just helps them realize that they are getting closer to the end. But, you know, pauses, balance and holds, adding complexity, adding perturbation. So now, not only may I throw a med ball toss at lightly, change the amplitude of the velocity, where, you know, the implement's coming out of different directions, different speeds, or I might be behind them, kind of just tapping them lightly on the shoulders, maybe on, you know, the side of the ribs or something like that, just to give the hips just a different, different interaction with, with force than, then something that's predicted with the motion that I've just instructed. So yeah, it doesn't, it doesn't have to be, you know, activation doesn't have to be, or integration doesn't have to be complicated. It just has to be reasonably progressed for one safety, but for two, as a confidence builder to get this person in the mindset of thinking about their sport. Yeah, I can do this without hesitation, you know, right, that unconscious competence. Yeah, for sure. You know, would you utilize things like, you know, let's say if you're in more of a, you know, an assorted, an assorted facility, would you use an agility ladder, or could you incorporate anything like that into into the mix for some of these things? Yeah, I'd want to harvest whatever I could from what they've already done in the past. One, because, you know, if I can show them something a new way to look at an old tool, like you mentioned speed ladder, what, you know, what sports coach doesn't have a speed ladder, right? So, so you have, you know, the zigzags in and out out, and you just add a pause, right, or like they go lateral zigzags, so they go in and out the other side, and just two feet on the ground pause. Yeah, and in and out, pause, or to progress that in and out and they pause on their outside foot that other foot's in there and then boom, boom, and pause. And that's one of those things that, a lot of high level athletes may not have experience with because it's always been about speed, because it's a speed ladder. Well, from a reintegration standpoint, we got a crawl before we walk, walked before we rut. So from that vantage point, you know, taking, taking what they may already be familiar with cones, speed ladders, you know, resistance bands, things like that, but just have a use it from an integrated standpoint, from, you know, from corrective exercise to performance before they use it to, you know, what they, how they may have initially learned how to use those tools. So just putting breaks in there, adding some complexity, getting their body to get stimulated in a different way when it comes to these drills, because again, they've been compromised for some reason or another, and the ultimate goal with return of performance is to get them back to sports stronger than they were when they actually got injured to begin with. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So on that note, I think that's a good place to end it. And when it comes to, you know, what we're going to do next week, obviously, what we talked about today, blend into a lot of what we discussed already with in the in the ankle, but just to show you how integrated things are, but what we didn't really touch on is how, you know, the hips or the hip region or the hip complex also affects the upper body. And we're going to definitely discuss that more when we do return to performance on the shoulder next week. And Tony, I'm saying, I can't wait to, uh, to open up this box of tools and exercises, and especially talking about, because you had a strong experience with with baseball. So I'm I'm really excited to see what we have to share next week. Yeah. As of you, yeah, be careful with the careful what we wish for, right? We exactly, maybe we can do our next week. And that with that, uh, with that folks, I don't know if we mentioned it or not, but if you have any questions, feel free to type them in the comments section below. And we'll make sure to address them next week before before we get into the topic at hand. So thank you so much for your attention and listening, joining us for our return to performance on the hip complex. And look forward to seeing you all next time. And Ken, thank you as always, man. It was pleasure to meet you, Tony. Yes, always. All right, everybody. I take care and be safe. Take care. Bye.