Hey everyone, Tony Emblare right here, joined by my fellow master instructor Ken Miller, and welcome to our second installment in the Return to Performance series. In this episode, we're going to focus primarily on the foot-naked complex. So really excited to get into some of these specific areas of the body that we can work on reconditioning. Last week, if you were able to listen to the first installment in the series, we provided an overview of what is returned to performance and discussed some of the things that should be considered as your assisting clients and or athletes through the reconditioning process. First let's start off by discussing what we're going to cover today. First thing we'll do is we'll get into some of the specific foot-naked lower-leg injuries that you might encounter or that your clients might experience and that you're going to help them fully recover from. It should be addressed that what we're going to focus on primarily in these episodes is beyond the acute rehab stage. So remember we talked about a multi-disciplinary team in our last episode where you've got the medical providers, you've got the rehab professionals and then what we're going to be talking about is kind of that bridge between rehab and the return to full performance. So much of what we're going to discuss today is it relates to the programming and the strategies that you would implement with your clients are going to be from that perspective. We'll also talk about what does full recovery mean, what is the goal and then what can be done, most importantly what can be done from a self-care or trainer or coach-directed standpoint and what are some of the things that you can do prior to full integration into practice, strengthening, and competition. So again, super excited to be here can, um, glad to, um, to get on the, uh, the line with you again and excited to go over this topic with you. Yeah, I mean, that's, uh, you know, I look, if there's going to be one highlight of my week outside of family, this is going to be it, you know, always always always always communicating with you, man. Especially from the standpoint that you, I mean, uh, again, if you haven't listened to what we did last week. So highly encouraged is watch the video, um, watch video, you know, and you'll get an idea of where we're coming from, um, from just a overall, I guess, an approach. So let's, you know, so the thing about it is is that we're, we're, we're talking about getting somebody back into, you know, into the playing field and again, Tony, just to get back to it. You've got a lot of great experience, and I know that off, offline we've, we've shared some stories, but I'm really looking forward to to hearing what, uh, you know, what you've done with your athletes to get them back on the, on the field because you know, you read about these players and, and tell me what you think about this, but you're, you're watching ESPN or some kind of news report and, you know, this guy's going to be out for three weeks, four weeks, and then, but we can have two weeks later they're back on the field, right? So obviously, something was done to get them to where they can actually not just get, you know, walking normal, you know, normal, whatever that means, but also to the point where they can compete again to actually be competitive and be a presence on the field. So that's what I'm looking for to gleaning from this conversation today, especially when we talk about the foot and ankle, and the injuries that typically come with that region and especially since, you know, and we'll talk about ankle sprains and a little bit, but ankle sprains being, you know, the biggest injury across all sports, right? So, look at the preventative side, but also, if it happens, and statistically, if you compete in something, it will happen. You know, what can we do to address it? Moving forward. Yep, and selfishly, you know, likewise, I'm looking forward to to hear in your stories as well, and, uh, angling some stuff from, from your experiences. So, should be fun. Should be fun. Yeah. All right. So, yeah, I guess also to those, watching if, uh, if you do have any questions, please feel free to leave them in the comments section, and what we'll try and do is if we can't get to them at real time, then we'll address them in subsequent episodes. So, you know, please, uh, by all means, we want to make sure we address any any questions, or elaborate on anything that we cover as much as we can, so feel free to, uh, to leave those in the comments section below. All right. So, first, let's talk about some common injuries to the the foot ankle complex and or the the lower leg. Uh, basically, we're talking about, you know, from the knee down. And, you know, Ken mentioned this, but, you know, the most common lower extremity injury in the athletic population is going to be an ankle sprain. And I guess, you know, because we have a wide array of professionals that are probably listening, just want to make sure that everyone's aware of the difference between a sprain and a strain. A sprain is going to refer to an injury or an overload to a ligament, whereas a strain is going to focus on muscle tissue or injuries to a muscular tenderness tissue. Ligaments relatively in elastic tissues, um, their primary job is to provide support and stability to the joints. They also control the position of the bones during joint movement. And they provide, a hydrograph appropriate sub to the point, uh, excuse me, appropriate sub to input or joint position sense to the central nervous system. So, ligaments, uh, origin receptors, and they provide information related to the position of the joint, and then the body can react and respond appropriately based on that feedback. Um, the most common ankle sprain is going to be what we refer to as a lateral ankle sprain. So, that's going to be, uh, you know, an injury to the lateral ligaments of the ankle, um, you know, most common injury by far and in, uh, and most prevalent in field and court, uh, base sports, uh, the, uh, the lateral ligament that's, that's often most injured is the ATFL or anterior tibial fibular ligament. Um, it's the weakest of the, the ligaments, lateral ligaments, and therefore it's, it's injured with the greatest prevalence. Um, some other things you have to consider with a lateral ankle sprain are, you know, bruising, potential bruising to the tailus, which may prolong some of the recovery time associated with an ankle sprain. Um, and then I think, as a release to what we're talking about in reconditioning and returning an athlete or a client to full performance is the longer term effects of, sorry, guys, my screen, uh, my screensaver came on, um, threw me off. The, one of the biggest things that we have to consider when it, when it comes to the, the long term effects of an ankle sprain is what we refer to as chronic ankle instability. So you'll often see the acronym C-A-I, um, chronic ankle instability occurs in, anywhere from 25 to 50% of the population when you look at general population as well as specific athletes, uh, for example, dancers if they spray in their ankles, a higher percentage of dancers who suffer ankle sprains or going to suffer from chronic ankle instability. That's something upper end about 50% and then general population might be, uh, closer to, you know, uh, 40% and then certain other athletes may be on the lower end of the spectrum around the 25%. So that's something that, uh, that you have to think about when you're developing a program to, to get a client or athlete fully backed and reconditioned, is that chronic ankle instability, uh, which will increase the susceptibility of, uh, repeat a recurrent ankle sprain. Um, let's see, the, um, medial, um, medial, uh, lateral ankle sprains, excuse me, is often referred to as an inversion sprain and then, you know, less common ankle sprain is going to be your medial, uh, medial ankle sprain, which is often referred to as an eversion sprain. Um, and then the final thing that you might hear about or final type that you might hear about is, is a high ankle sprain, which is also referred to as a syndismotic sprain. And really, that's an injury to the interacius ligaments between the tibia and the fibula. Um, usually it requires a longer recovery time and, um, you know, therefore may require a little longer, uh, immobilization and, um, your athlete or client may have, uh, greater difficulty with weight bearing or returning to weight bearing with a high ankle sprain. Um, but regardless of the type of sprain over time, as you start to recondition the client or the athlete, the approach that you would use is going to be very similar. Um, and that's, uh, that's a, that's a good thing. As we get into some of these other conditions or injuries, uh, in the foot ankle, um, the same to be said for those two, uh, is that the approach that you'll use, the things that you're looking for, um, from a range of motions, strength, and control perspective are all going to be very similar. And that's why we're kind of lumping all these things into, uh, into one session here. Uh, right. Can, can you have any, uh, any insights from your time? Um, um, obviously your extensive, time and collegiate athletics, uh, with a wide variety of athletes. I'm sure you saw this quite a lot. Uh, any hand you want to add? Yeah. Uh, I mean, the only thing that I'll add onto this is that, well, put it in context again to get somebody back from injury into competition or, or participation will say, is that, you know, for, for these, for these, um, these various types of injuries that you, you've, you've lifted off Tony is that if, if the person has gone through, let's say the typical, you know, sports medicine route and then back transitioning back and distraint conditioning, um, all of these things will have been brought to your attention. And if it's somebody that's, let's say a high school athlete, they maybe went to an athletic trainer, maybe saw their, um, primary care physician, and they've diagnosed it. So, you know, these are terms that you'll see in a sheet of paper that usually be brought to your attention by the time it comes to, um, you having to address it with your programming. So it does help. So if I know that, you know, if we've got, you know, this high ankle spring, we know we've got something that's, you know, that needs a little bit different attention, as far as the time it's going to take for somebody to come back. And again, that's all going to be individualized anyway. So I guess the, the, the big thought here is that, you know, you, the more information that you have as a fitness professional or strength conditioning coach, um, that the better decisions you can make, um, when it comes to creating a program. But again, going back into last week's session, we are talking about, you know, staying in your lane, scope of practice. If I somebody has gone through the medical side of, um, their rehabilitation process, I'll have my dues and don'ts. And then I can create my program there. So I know we're going to get into the assessments that we might use in the field. But, um, you know, as far as these injuries go, I'll let the athletic trainer or their physical therapist, a doctor tell me, okay, you know, what's the condition? Yeah, did their ankle turn nice pretty colors? And how is that part, you know, of the process coming along before, you know, we can move things long. There's physical therapists. That's okay. Got a little bit of swelling. Still have some discoloration, but we definitely need to get that ankle moving for them to still participate, you know, if we're looking at them participating for practice in a couple of weeks, uh, to try things out. So as far as, you know, the different sports go, whether it's, I mean, definitely saw a lot with, you know, gym, gym, gymness that I've worked with, but, you know, you'll have your typical soccer football, you know, definitely quite a bit there, because you have both contact non-contact, basketball, which is why I don't play basketball, not because I'm five eighth, but I always, I strain my ankle. I strain my ankle a lot, but from that vantage point, yeah, once, you know what you can, you cannot do. Um, then you can, then you can move on to your assessments that you use to help you make a decision on what should be done. And, and then program design based on what they can do without pain or discomfort, because again, that pain and discomfort, that's, that's usually outside of our scope. But we can use that information to help us decide what's working and what's not. Yeah, or if, you know, if you need to refer, refer back out to, uh, to the medical side, right, for sure. And, um, yeah, the other thing too about ankle sprains is they're typically a non-time loss injury, um, and that could be due to, maybe not being that serious, or because, um, maybe people, uh, the rehab or the reconditioning approach might be accelerated, um, and, uh, you know, the recurrence of ankle sprains is typically pretty common for someone wearing if the, you know, if it's viewed, maybe as a less significant injury than it, then it maybe is in, in some instances. So cool. Now that's, uh, awesome insight. And, um, I'd have to play it back. I can't recall, but I think I might have missed spoken, um, when I referred to the ATFL ligament. Um, it's, uh, the anterior, tailo fibular ligament. So there attaches the, the tailus to the fibula. I think I might as said, to be a femoral or urus uni, to be a fibular, um, ligament, which obviously is, uh, the tip fib joint, uh, distal tip fib joint down the ankle. So apologize, um, I can't play back right now. I don't know if, if that's what I said or not, but ATFL anterior tailo fibular ligament. Well, I was going to call you out on that later on, Tony. Yeah, here in Bleg, Tony, what do you do on the man? Um, but yeah, ATFL, we're going to have to be commonly injured, ligament there. Um, all right. So that, uh, that cover sprites common, very, very common. And, um, sorry, gang, my screen saver, I need to reset or adjust the settings on this thing. Turn that off, Tony. Uh, next, uh, we can talk about, uh, tendonopathy's, um, tendonopathy's typically, you know, they're, they're caused by overuse. Um, we'll talk about a couple things, uh, related to tendonopathy. Uh, typically, you might hear, uh, here of Achilles, tendonopathy. Also plantar fasciitis, uh, fasciosis, um, might be able to lump those kind of into the same category. Um, just so we're clear if you hear the term tendonitis or fasciitis,itis refers to acute inflammation of the tissue. So in the case of tendonitis, it's going to be acute inflammation of the tendon, uh, versus tendonosis when you hear oasis, um, that's going to be referring to more of a chronic condition where there's microtaring and a degeneration of the tissue over time. And how, those are a approach from a rehab, reconditioning perspective, are going to be a little bit different because you're dealing with two, two different and two distinct things. So tendonopathy could refer to either of those scenarios, tendonitis or tendonosis. So Achilles, plantar fascia, um, again, uh, we'll talk more about this when it comes to programming, but a lot of the, a lot of the issues seen there can be tied back to overuse, maybe too much volume, too much intensity, too soon, uh, or too frequently with, uh, with not enough recovery time. And then from a, you know, kind of a movement and kinetic chain perspective, when we look at factors that would influence those things, often we're dealing with, uh, an inability to control eccentric forces in the lower extremities. So as you perform, dynamic activities, running, jumping, cutting, et cetera, et cetera, it's an inability to control lower extremity pronation, uh, can really be tied back to a number of these things that we're talking about. And so, in the case of the Achilles, if there's a limitation and dorsiflexion range of motion, that's going to, uh, create compensations through the lower extremity and into the foot nangle, which could overload the Achilles, um, if there's a lack of proximal hip control hip strength, proximal stability, um, the athlete might be relying more on the lower extremity, uh, and the, the muscles and tissues in the lower body, uh, down here the foot nangle and lower leg to control, uh, either control forces during de-solaration or, uh, produce forces during acceleration. And then in the case of plant tar fasciitis and, and issues with the plant tar fascia, typically it's caused by an an overstretching of that tissue, uh, as seen in, in somebody that overpronates or lax the ability to control excessive pronation during, um, during functional activities and, and tasks. So, uh, can any, uh, anything you want to add there? Um, no, that's actually, really, sir. I was like, okay, I'll get talk about, and then you just, continue talking about, um, you know, just from, um, you know, that, especially with the plant tar fascia, you know, a lot of things going on with the bottom of the foot, especially when, you know, we just pass the, well, you know, the New Year's Resolution Crowd, um, and, you know, with a lot of people, trying to find a treadmill, trying to get, you know, onto a stairmaster or something like that, you know, and that's where I typically get a lot of, um, just general population coming in and talking about, you know, what's happening with their foot and ankle, um, as far as, you know, they're about another feet, you know, get sore, um, they have trouble walking, um, things like that, but also just, you know, when you talk about race season, I know that, you know, due to current situation, you know, races being canceled and not seeing that, but that's another thing as, you know, local half-marathons and marathon start popping up, you know, and where I live San Francisco, Oakland, you know, as you get closer to, um, race time, that's when you'll start to hear the complaints, um, as far as, you know, the pain and discomfort and things that they feel as they definitely escalate the amount of volume in their training and, you know, it's just, you know, it's just too much too fast, generally when these things start to pop up, but, you know, as we get into program design, we'll talk more about how to resolve those issues. Yeah, yeah, for sure. I know I'm guilty of that, uh, a timer to committing to a race half-marathon 10K, not really doing what needs to be done from a preparation and training standpoint, just jumping right in there, certainly feel the effects of that afterwards. Yeah, get off the couch, get off the couch, yeah, that's right, couch to a couch to 5K, couch to half marathon. Cool, uh, let's see, some other stuff you might encounter, muscle strains, so we talk about sprains, which are, uh, which have to do with the ligaments and strains are referring to muscle tissue. Strains can occur anywhere along the muscle tissue, whether it's in the muscle belly, the muscle tenderness junction or, uh, where the tendon attaches to the bone. Um, common one here in the lower extremity is going to be a calf strain. Um, calf strain, majority of calf strains occur in the medial gastroch, at the, the muscle tendon junction. And again, if we kind of think about this, we'll refer back to this quite a bit, and we'll definitely address this in a programming. But if you think about the mechanism behind a muscle strain, uh, typically a muscle strains going to be caused by, uh, the tissue getting forced to stretch too much. So it gets overstretched, and it can't control that or it's being asked to exert, um, force against too much resistance. And so when we think about the medial gastroch as a, as a particular example, if you're dealing with an individual who has a hard time controlling lower excessive lower extremity of pronation, that medial gastroch is going to be eccentrically overloaded, uh, quite a bit, as a result of that. And that's going to increase the, that increase the centric stress may increase the susceptibility to, to tarrying. So, um, calf strain, and then, uh, let's see another common one speaking of runners, um, and, you know, rampant things up too soon might be, you know, quote unquote, shin splints, um, you know, you've got your anterior anterior shin splints, and you also have your medial shin splints, uh, medial, uh, tibial stress syndrome is, uh, kind of the clinical term for that. Um, again, that's another overuse types scenario where you're going from relatively little to no training and activity to, uh, too much or too intense without enough recovery. And, uh, with respect to medial tibial stress syndrome, uh, often it, uh, it's the result of eccentric overload to the solace, and, uh, and or the posterior tib, as they work to decelerate lower extremity of pronation, uh, during functional movements. So, as you, let's, if we use running as an example, as the, um, as those muscles control eversion of the foot during foot strike, um, if there's over pronation or excessive pronation occurring rapidly, it's going to increase that eccentric stress to the tissue, and that's going to, uh, this going to lead to the inflammation pain and, and micro trauma to, uh, to those areas. So, uh, very, very common, but, uh, again, if you notice the theme here, a lot of this is related to the inability to control and decelerate forces, e-sentrically, uh, during, during activity. So, when it comes time to what you can do about this to help your clients re-condition and return to performance, that's going to be a key theme here. All right. And the one thing I do want to add here, you know, and the context of this, um, webinars, you know, the foot n ankle, but, you know, the one of the things that we can't forget, or if we don't understand it now, the concept that we need to understand is the regional and their dependence model. And that a lot of these dysfunctiones just closely related to what's happening at, you know, right above it at the hip too. So, when we talk about, you know, when it comes to, you know, heel strike or how our foot interacts with the ground, you know, a lot of that's going to be dependent upon how the hip is moving that leg into that next step or next stride. So, you know, if it's about foot placement, you know, we talk about e-versions, things like that, but, you know, again, something to also consider when we're talking about foot n ankle issues is that, you know, we have to take consideration, probably equal amount of consideration as well, to the hip, even though the foot n ankles, what's experiencing the injury, you know, the hip is one area that we also need to look at, but, well, we'll discuss that at another, at another webinar. Now, absolutely. No, and thanks for bringing that up, reiterating that. I think you'll see when we get into some of the specific strategies that the hip is going to be involved, because when it comes to decelerating force and the lower body, the glutes are a key component of that. And if the, the lumbar pelvic hip complex, if there's in good stability, if there are range of motion deficits that are affecting mechanics there, then that's going to transfer down to the, to the, to the knee and to the foot n ankle. So, you know, a great, great point. And, you know, really the approach that we're going to take with all these scenarios that we cover over the next number of weeks is, you know, this regional and herd of pendants or kinetic chain approach where you can't just focus on the side of injury, which, you know, maybe a consideration for the acute rehab phase, but as, as our rules and responsibilities translate into returning performance, we have to look at the body as an integrated unit and how everything is working together to help that individual perform optimally. So, great, great points. Ken, glad you glad you brought that up. So, let's see. Going back to our kind of our agenda and our topic points, I guess, you know, your client sustained a particular injury. They've gone through the rehab acute rehab phase, the ready to start progressing back into full performance and activities. You know, I guess we have to answer the question, what does full recovery mean? And that will certainly dictate the plan of action that's created. Full recovery for a general population client is going to be significantly different than full recovery for a collegiate athlete or a professional athlete and in some regards. Maybe not in terms of what they want to accomplish entirely, but maybe the timeline needed to get them there is going to be different. So, you know, generally speaking full recovery, you know, often means restoring full range of motion, stability strength, power, neuromuscular control and efficiency, also conditioning and endurance during sport and activities specific skills. So, you know, but that's where it'll be important to talk to the athlete, talk to the client. What is there? What is their definition of full recovery? I mean, maybe that differs from what a coach or another individual on the team. Maybe that's different than their perspective or their thoughts about what full recovery means. Exactly. And this is where, again, having that little roundtable discussion and, you know, having the medical professionals involved in the conversation, the coach, but also the athlete, you know, it's one of those things where, you know, you have, you have all these conversations about somebody, but not with somebody, you know, so understanding, you know, where the athlete needs to be, because I've seen plenty of, you know, more than a few athletes that, you know, we've discussed, you know, with the head coach, with the athletic trainer than myself, we're okay, we're talking and talking and talking about him, but, you know, and we've gone through the protocols and, you know, you know, three, four weeks go by and we're, we're hitting all our objectives and sticking to the plan, but then, you know, we, you know, failed, I guess from that standpoint, to actually talk with the athlete and what that means to them, like, you know, okay, yeah, I can, I can play, I'm participating, I'm still, I still got, I'm still on the roster, but it still hurts me when I do this, you know, so, you know, and then it has nothing to do with the sport, like, or like, you know, I can run, I can jump, I can change direction, but when I sit down for my class for more than 30 minutes, my, you know, I get this sore tenderness in the front of my head. So these are the things that, you know, have to be a part of the discussion, so again, it's easy to talk about the sport, but it's also just as easy to, to lose the person that, that's in the middle of the conversation. So when, again, to your point, full recovery from a physical, psychosocial perspective, you know, they have to be included in the process as well. So, like I said, they can hit all the markers, but, if there's something that hasn't been considered, then it may not, you know, may not be seen as a success by the, the main person that needs to consider a success, and that's the, that's the athlete or, you know, the participant in that, and that's sport. Yeah, no doubt, and that goes, it goes back to what we were talking about, offline regarding the confidence of the, the client in the athlete. You know, again, when it comes to functional testing and their ability to, you know, perform certain things, they're hitting other benchmarks and, and where they need to be, but if they lack the confidence in themselves to be able to perform on the court on the field, or there's some apprehension there for, because of fear of re-endry, then that isn't really a full recovery in my book and, and probably wouldn't be considered full recovery in their either. So, you know, that's, that's equally, if not most important outside of the physical attributes, but psychologically, where, where they at, and are they ready in that sense? Yeah, exactly. So, cool. Well, I think, now let's get into, well, what can you do from a re-conditioning and return to performance standpoint? You know, what are some things that can be done from a self-care perspective? So, if you give the, you know, the, the athlete or the client has to, has to be a part of this process. We just talked about, they need to take some responsibility for their, for their, for their, return to activity. And then, you know, what are some things that you can do as the trainer or the coach? And then, you know, again, we're, we're kind of talking about that bridge between, you know, full integration and into practice, strengthening, conditioning and competitive activities. As we go through some of these things, you know, we, we might highlight a few, a few things relative to some of the injuries that we discussed earlier. But again, when it comes to, when it comes to this process, we're really looking at it from a kinetic chain perspective, regional and our dependence perspective. And the goal should be to establish or re-establish dynamic neuromuscular control and neuromuscular efficiency. So, in, in the competitive environment, performing the activities that that they want to return to, what is their control look like at speed, multiple planes of motion, under similar demands that they'll encounter when they're performing their sport or activity. And, you know, neuromuscular efficiency that turns thrown around a lot in the NASM materials, but that's essentially just ensuring that all the right muscles are, are working together to be able to to control dynamically control e-centric forces on the body in all planes of motion, stabilizing against those, which then provides a solid platform to be able to produce force concentrically and accelerate forces. So, is everything working as it should, are they able to maintain proper alignment or all the right muscles firing in the right sequence with the right amount of force in order to accomplish the task without compensation. And, you know, that's, that's the goal is to get them there. Right. And, and I, you know, neuromuscular efficiency, it's just a, a fancy word for coordination, right? You know, you know, can they control their body? One of the, one of the things that I learned early on when it came to working with teams and, and, you know, in the strength conditioning field, is, is the fact that, you know, the, the other assistant strength coach David Zimba told me, and the words just pop in my, any time I work with an athlete, so if you can't control your body, you cannot control your opponent. So, if you, if you can't, if you can't control and command what you have, which is your own physical body, then how do you expect to impose your will on somebody else? Right. So, if you're playing a lot, a lot of contact and soccer, well, if I, if I'm a little floppy and Lucy Goosey around this mine and the hips and not to mention the ankles, then, you know, how can I expect to be able to push somebody or even hold my space against somebody else? Right. So, when we talk about, yeah, neuromuscular efficiency coordination, am I coordinated enough, like you're saying to any two, not just, you know, produce force that's just accelerate into a given direction, you know, whatever that direction may be, but can I stop? Can I decelerate? Can I, can I hold a spot, you know, especially when this force vector is coming at me? Can I hold my position? Again, I can't predict what direction somebody's going to come at me? Or how hard they're going to hit me? But, you know, what I can control is, okay, what can I do to train my ability to hold my place in space? So, there's, there's the ability to produce as well as reduce force and I think when it comes to return to performance, it's the ability to stop whether it's to stop your body or to stop somebody else's body and hold your place in space. So, that's the number one thing when it comes to coordination that I think a lot of us never learn or if we've learned that we don't apply it. So, yeah, when it comes to that hole, you know, can I coordinate my systems, my joints? Can I get everything synced up? You know, it synced up for what is the question? Right. So, again, when it comes to this reconditioning and returning back to competitive performance, I think one of the things you have to keep on the forefront of your mind when putting programs together is, okay, can this person just coordinate themselves and then coordinate it for a purpose? Yeah, for sure. I love it. That was such a profound statement and makes complete sense. And, you know, it's interesting because when you look at, since we're talking specifically about the foot and ankle, when you look at some of the, you know, fun, when you look at some of the progressions from an exercise standpoint, appropriate, effective exercise is used quite a bit in a foot-nankle rehab, standing on unsavable surfaces and re-engaging those receptors around the foot-nankle to be able to control the lower extremity. But you bring up a great point. And many sports, you also have to contend with contact in the upper body, right? So, if you have to contend with the forces, somebody's coming at you, that's going to create a different set of demands that you have to be able to control at the foot-nankle. So, when it comes to your instability training, proprioceptive training, directing that stimulus through, not just the foot-nankle, but through the other parts of the body is going to be really, really critical to that process. Right. And, you know, just as an example, I know we'll get into this. But even things like, you know, with that proprioceptive demand, I mean, just simply rotating your body, right? That's going to create a different proprioceptive input when it comes to how the foot-nankle are going to react. Now, even just the slight difference of having a lacrosse stick, right? So, if my hands have to be in a certain position to have both hands on the lacrosse stick, right, at a certain angle, if I'm running, typically, well, it's going to be up and over to the side. I have to be able to be able to run with my arms in a specific position, right, as my foot-nankle are doing different things. So, again, as we get into the programming side of things, I want to see that, okay, if their hands have to be in a certain position, is this a new novel or a foreign position for the foot-nankle to experience with the upper body to be shifted and turn this way. Right? So, whether that's rotated right with right hand above left or rotated left with left hand above right, those are all variations in the programming that, again, if I'm looking at a single-exquat, maybe I do a single-exquat, still hips level, shoulders level, but my hands are slightly repositioned. Again, just to re-acquate my foot-nankle to be in a position of challenge with then slight variation of what's happening above it. Yeah, changing that center of mass, center of gravity. That's awesome. You know, for the listeners, could you go through just an example? Let's say using a right-handed athlete, let's be able to cross-affle. What are some things that they would have to control? I guess it would be on the left side. So, what would you typically see if somebody is reaching? If they're reaching overhead into the right while they're standing on their left leg, what are the things that would be that you would be looking for? You would be trying to challenge in that sense. Well, some of the things I look for just, again, without any kind of contact, without any external force or perturbation, again, that's just something as simple as just tapping. Just offsetting or just stimulating the nervous system from that standpoint. It's just, you know, can they control? So, if they're rotated, again, if they, if they, if can they disassociate, can they just turn that upper spine or do they have to take the hips with them? Right. So, it's not a comment. Some of that's a little tight facilitated. They haven't been able to disassociate their hip, you know, have that left foot or left hip, external rotated while the, you know, while the hip is opening up to change direction, can they turn, can they, can they let one joint do one thing while the rest of the body does something else? Right? Or do they have to take something along for that, for that motion to happen? So, if they turn and then that left knee, if they turn to the right or further to the right, does that left knee collapse in? Does that foot collapse in? Does that, or can, are they strong enough do they have enough stability and integrity through that left hip and foot ankle to lead, let that foot stay open, let that knee, you know, hang out between the hip and the foot ankle, right? And a lot of times we can point at the groin for that, or if the foot ankle are, you know, just unstable and you have that, like you mentioned earlier, that over-pronation, and then you have that knee valgus to come along with it. And you think, for as many reps as they're going to do that, that knee is collapsing in the foot collapsing in, a lot of times excessively and for too long. So, what I'm looking for is can they, can they disassociate one segment of their body from the other? You know, at the same time, can they coordinate it? Yes, that's a version of coordination. Can they do a particular task while having their the stability and the strength of a respect or joint speak for itself? Is that that said, answer a question? So, I'm looking at another block. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a kinetic change line. Yeah, yeah, I'm sorry. Go ahead. I was just going to say with kinetic channel, I'm, that's why I'm looking at, and just generally, ears, shoulders, hips, knees and ankles, and do they show the compensations that we might look for in other assessments, like, excessive low back arch, you know, too much, you know, shifting of the lateral shift, right or left, hip drop, forward lean, can this guy run and not or, or even, past, you know, pastula crossball without, you know, excessive compensations as, as they might exhibit themselves. Again, sports and sports, that there's going to be things you're going to have to do to the body or the body, you know, to take different shapes and forms during performance, compared to what's in a controlled environment, you know, there's nothing around you, and I'm instructing you and telling you what to do. So, I leave the sports activity to the coaches. I'm not a sports coach for any kind of sport, but from, from just a physical command standpoint. That's what I'm not watching out for. So, if they're doing this, if they're rotating and but they have to arch their back to do it, I'm going to help, you know, I'm going to help them get better control of what's giving them that, that compensatory movement pattern. Yeah, for sure. Now, that, that was great. Yeah, I think, you know, part of part of my, my goal with that question was just to get the, get the listener to realize that, you know, as you reach to the right while on the left leg that, you know, you're going to have to control those, those lower extremity pronation forces, and that that's, you know, rotating in that way is going to create some of theatory movement through that lower extremity and that you have to take that into consideration when you're, when you're programming exercises, but also when you're monitoring your, your clients form and technique, you're given them cues as well as reassessing. So, that was, that was great. So, again, just generally, and we talked about kinetic chain approach, but you do have to focus while looking at the whole body as important. You do have to make sure that things are from an isolated standpoint around the area that was injured that you've restored isolated range of motion, strength, endurance, power to those, those tissues before, or while you're integrating all of that into a total body, you know, functional pattern or activity. Some of the things that we'll talk about are more, corrective exercise focused, where, you know, maybe more therapeutic, a little bit lower on the intensity scale, and then, you know, resting into, you know, more conditioning oriented activities that might, might more closely replicate what they have to do from a sport or activity perspective. Right. So, all right, cool. So, foot ankle. Oh, go ahead. Yep. I was going to say, I do want to say that, you know, when we talk about corrective exercise, and I'll be in the first admit, I've lost more clients than anything else, when you start talking about corrective exercise, because, you know, if I have a golfer, you know, if I have a 65 year old golfer, one comes to mind, you know, it's like, you know, I just want to play, right? I don't want to land the ground, and I don't want to do these 15 slow monotonous repetitions, even though they feel better, they'll admit they'll be feel better, but the aspect of corrective exercise and performance, this is where, again, you know, you and I Tony talked about this earlier, is that, you know, we have to get them to understand that this is the threshold you've got to walk through as far as getting back to sport. Not just a playing sport, but to help you become a the resilient athlete that you should be, because you I mean, for us to not go down this road again, you have to be stronger than where you were before you got hurt, right? So, you know, and it's because they don't like to do slow monotonous, you know, perceived as slow and monotonous work. They don't want to sit in the ground, they don't want to go inside someone's four walls, they just want to be out in the field. So, when it comes to the corrective exercise, I think when it comes to fitness professionals, we just have to communicate that, okay, this isn't the end all beyond, this is just something we have to do to help build stability, because strength is founded on stability, and then for what you do for for your sport, let's pick golf, which is a power sport, and power is built on strength. So, you're only as strong as you are stable, and you're only as powerful as you are strong. So, when it comes to the corrective exercise aspect, this is where again, back to communication, we have to be able to reiterate that, okay, this is something we're going to have to revisit, but we have to be here now to get us to that next level. Yeah, yeah, no doubt, hugely important. You've got to make sure that you're speaking in terms of a relevant to the person in front of you, so that they understand, you're aware and understand what their goals and aspirations are, and you're doing what needs to be done to get them there. Yeah, so when it comes to great points, when it comes to considerations for programming, you know, as you begin working with somebody, there may be some swelling and inflammation as a result of increased activity to you know, be aware of that. There are plenty of strategies that you can that you can implement to to deal with that, but if it gets to a point where, you know, there's some pain and soreness, some continued swelling and inflammation, then you know, you may have to rely on the other professionals in your network or as part of the team to address those things, because they're not within our scope. We talked about this earlier, range of motion. Ankle dorsy flexion is is one that you really want to focus on with the majority of these lower, lower extremity injuries to the foot nangle. A lack of ankle dorsy flexion is going to contribute to that inability to control pronation and may lead to excessive or prolonged pronation during functional activities. So restoring ankle dorsy flexion is going to be key. We can neglect planar flexion. So you can certainly address that and check that. And then when it comes to some of the other motions, ankle inversion ankle eversion, so making sure that you you've restored that. And then another one is me extension. So even though it's a measurement that you would do at the knee to assess hamstring extensibility, the lateral hamstring attaches to the the proximal aspect of the fibula and that fibula articulates with the the distal tibia to form the the tibio fibula joint. So what's going on? Approximately at the the tibio femoral, excuse me, if the proximal tib fib joints going to have a direct impact on the distal tib fib joint or the ankle. So as you dorsy flex as the foot moves and and accepts forces e centrally, there has to be certain motions that occur at that distal aspect of the tib fib joint. And if there's tightness or limits limitation and extensibility of that lateral hamstring that's pulling on the fibula, that's going to affect the that's going to affect the kinematics of the of the ankle joint. Secondary of that. So we want to look at knee extension and make sure that that's that's where it needs to be. And then from an isolated strength and stability standpoint, those local muscles around the foot, ankle eversion, inverters, um, dorsy flexors, the anterior tib, um, planar flexors, tibial rotators. So again, for looking at the the the the the the regional and our dependent approach, um, we want to make sure that, you know, again, if somebody is unable to control pronation and the lower extremity that's going to involve external rotation and an abduction of the tibia typically. So you need to make sure that the the tibial internal rotators are are strong and active and able to control that. While we have to look at the glutes, both in an open chain and closed chain can they control the lower extremity. And then the proximal core, um, is there is there stability there to be able to to allow the the lower extremity, uh, a solid foundation to to work from and control forces from. So, uh, foot intrinsic, you can't remember if I said that or not, but the the foot core, if you will, you want to make sure those guys are are where they need to be. Some other considerations too, just as it relates over pronation and the the ankle sprain, typically you want to an athlete experiences, uh, an inversion sprains and so is the most common, uh, sprains and common athletic one of the most common athletic injuries, uh, you might see, um, Cuba, the cuboid be affected. So as the as the ankle gets inverted, the pronation is longest is going to rapidly contract to try to control that and that can cause a displacement of the cuboid, which is going to, um, that can create pain and discomfort on the bottom of the foot, but it can also contribute to, um, to, to eversion of the of the mid foot. And so when, um, when you're looking at restoring foot ankle function, you have to, you have to be aware of some of those things from, uh, from a joint kinematics perspective, the calcania cuboid joint, um, the, again, the tubio fibular joint, both proxbly and distally, also the position of the tailus. So when you get an anterior, uh, or excuse me, when you get a lateral ankle sprain, the the tailus can be displaced anteriorly. And, um, you know, if, if you're doing things from a, uh, muscular standpoint, stretching, foam rolling, and you restore range of motion, um, there still may be some positional faults at some of those joints. So that's where the, again, the medical professional or the rehab professional can perform mobilizations and certain techniques to restore normal kinematics there to the joints, which is going to, uh, immediately impact how that foot ankle functions during exercise and, and during activity. So just some other things to consider, um, even though you're focusing on muscle strength and range of motion, and, um, and kinetic control and alignment, there may be some isolated things down at the foot ankle that you want to make sure you, uh, you head up to if, if you're not getting any outcomes that you expect. Right. And, and that's the other thing, give me, well, getting far as looking at your markers and the desired outcomes and whatever projected timeframes. Again, there's a lot of anatomy that you just spurred out there, Tony, but, uh, the one that, um, that goes into the, the idea that again, if you're a fitness professional, and some of these come to you because they want to get better at a sport or they want to return to a sport, you know, injury is part of their history or not, or maybe their assessments tell you that, you know, they're just, you know, you don't want to say that, okay, you're at a high risk of injury, um, because we're not in a place to, to say that, we just know that when there's compensated compensation patterns that have been exhibited, you know, that you're putting certain stresses on joints or you're not using your, your muscles as efficiently as they could, which can affect acceleration deceleration stabilization, but, you know, what really is the foundation for all of that is understanding your human anatomy and Tony's one of the best guys that that, that I know, as far as understanding functional anatomy, as far as the inner connected function of how muscles as we were, as you were just mentioning Tony with the lateral hand strength, how it connects to the proximal fibular, um, and which again connects down into the ankle. So first that, that's a big point that I'd glean from your explanation of how the joints are working together, but, um, again, whatever the markers are, just know that, um, you know, it all has to come, it all has to come together from, uh, from just a functional standpoint, you know, can can the person, can the person move, um, well, and without being, you know, with, with whatever it is that you're measuring. And again, the sneaky one in all that you mentioned, Tony was was the, uh, was a little extension with the hamstring. A lot of people don't look at what's happening at the knee to determine how well the foot ankle, or is working or can work, because that could be the one sneaky point as far as, well, why is this person improving, right, or why does this person keep getting injured at the foot ankle? Well, did you ever look at the knee, um, as far as what that can, what information that can provide to you, as far as which, you know, which muscles that need some, you know, a different integrative approach when it comes to the strengthening aspect. Yep, yeah, for sure, for sure, um, cool, uh, yeah, trying to think here, want to be mindful of our time. Um, when it comes, uh, when it comes down to kind of assessing, um, uh, assessing progress, uh, that's where your testing can come in, so you can do function testing, talk about range of motion, uh, specific to the foot ankle, you can do things like the best tests, balance error scoring system. We've got the star excursion balance test, which is basically, you know, a single like balance with a reach of the opposite leg in different planes. You got your transitional movement, uh, assessments, which can you mention, um, single leg squat in particular, uh, you can also do a lateral step down test where you're, uh, looking at the, the, the alignment of the, the lower extremity and kinetic change checkpoints. And then as you progress into more dynamic activities, you've got things like a shark skill test, which, um, you know, is probably more specific to an ASM than any anywhere else. I haven't really seen that assessment, um, in too many places, but that's a great assessment to assess lower extremity, uh, uh, agility, reactive control and alignment, uh, and it provides you some objective data to compare the affected side with the non-affected side, right, and then there's a variety of other tests that you could, uh, that you could throw in there too, based on the sport, um, and what, uh, what that full recovery looks like, uh, and I'll never let you go ahead. Go ahead. Oh, just with, with the shark skill test, um, you know, that's been one that I've used on different levels. So for those of you that don't know what a shark skill test is basically, it's at three way three grid. So nine boxes and the way it's performed is it's a single leg hop, uh, going if you, if you figure the boxes are numbered one, two, three across the top, four, five, six across the middle with the number five being the center box and then seven, eight, nine, you're just timing health ass to take you to finish a single leg hop from, let's say, top left, back to center, forward, back to center, until you've finished all the boxes and then land back on the middle box. So as we've performed it and, um, you know, a great agility, assessment, you know, looking at, okay, well, going back into the left, I see that your little sticky there compared to going forward into the right and, you know, just take a leg, you know, so you can look at it quantitatively just from a timing standpoint, but also qualitatively, as far as which, which direction, um, you may show a falter and again, out of those that you listed all great, but the shark skill winds it being my, my, my go-to from, from that standpoint, because I'm looking at you from multiple directions, but the other thing is that it can be scaled, right? So I've taken, you know, a client that same client that 65 years old in my, in my head, I can have them walk, you know, so take a, you know, left foot, you know, have two feet in each box and I can look at, you know, their ability to confidently go, you know, forward, forward lateral, lateral, backward, backward lateral, um, in those directions. So, so taking that, what we could do is a single leg hop to a two leg, you know, jump, you know, back and forth, or even scaled back even further into a walking, walking pace for those that, you know, they're not looking for, you know, elevated high speed, single leg work, but, you know, just the fact that some people just going backwards at any direction, right? Maybe maybe, maybe an issue, right? So someone's playing, you know, if it's a senior softball league, you know, can they run backwards if there's a pop up over their head, you know, those are the things that, you know, you want to look at, you know, as far as building up their confidence or using assessment to look at their confidence and going in different directions. So, I'll all grade assessments, I'll, I'll, you know, all practical, but the shark skill I'll say is the most robust as far as what it offers you and the information that you can use to create a program. Yeah, fantastic. I love it. Great stuff. Cool. Well, I think before we get into some of the specific strategies, the last thing and I know we piloted this is ultimately the goal is to reestablish and build, build upon reactive neuromuscular control and dynamics stability. And so when we get into some of the exercises, you know, it'll be important to leverage the principle of overload, progressive overload and the darnspring savory again. Sorry, gang. And, you know, you want to be progressive in your programming. And so, you know, just some key things to keep in mind, I'll probably echo this in subsequent episodes and, you know, movement complexity demand. You want to make sure that you're, you know, starting with simple exercises and, and then progressing in more complex patterns, proprioceptive demand, more stable environment to a less stable environment, predictability. So, you know, doing things at the athlete knows what to expect into a less predictable environment. Speed of movement demand, slower speeds to progressively faster planes of motion. Sajital playing in front all transverse playing. You know, most, most individuals are going to have the most control in the sagital plane, followed by frontal plane, followed by transverse planes. You have to make sure you address all that. And then the muscle, muscle action spectrum, eccentric, isometric and concentric. And that's one of the great things about the correct of exercise continuum, which is going to, you know, be a key component here is that the, the exercises in the activation step and integration step are done at slower tempos, where the, the focus is largely on the eccentric and isometric elements of the pattern. And those are going to be really, really important and beneficial to a lot of these conditions or injuries that that you might encounter, particularly the foot and ankle, but also as we get into other parts of the body. So, you know, eccentric, focusing on eccentric stimulus to the tissues, the ability to asymmetrically stabilize in different positions and at different tissue lengths is going to, is going to be really beneficial and has been shown to be very impactful when it comes to coming back from some of these things. And then we talked about this as well, clients, psychology and competence in their ability to do these exercises that you're asking them to do. Right. You have to make sure that you reaffirm that they're good. You know, everything that you see indicates that they should be able to complete the, complete the exercise that you're asking them without cause for concern and just be able to reinforce that to build them up and, and aid in that process along the way. Right. And, and getting back to your you know, your, your, your progressions and, you know, one of the things that, you know, helps make your job easier as a, you know, as a rehab coordinator or rehabilitation specialist or personal trainer is if you take out a sheet and if I look at something as simple as just a single leg balance, you can draw out four weeks worth of programming. And this is where code, this is what coaches love. And if you're, if you want more referrals from a medical professional physical therapist, you know, physical therapist doctors, they love, you know, they'd love to send people, especially injured clients or patients to, you know, fitness professionals, which is they don't know anybody. And the ones that they do know, they may or may not have had a good experience. So one of the ways you build a case for for building up that referral vantage point is come up with a plan right. So if you have that single leg squat, so maybe week one single leg squat, you know, you know, with a forward and backward reach single leg squat, you know, this is day two, single leg squat with a lateral reach single leg squat with a, with a rotation in the transverse plane. And then maybe we too, it's a single leg squat with the lacrosse stick or whatever importantly, it could be a tennis racket, whatever it is that they're having. So, so a single leg squat with the racket in their hand or a single leg squat with a little torso rotation to the opposite side. So there'd be then you can segment the movement. So it's single leg squat, then and then once they stand up at the rotation. And then week three is now you have the single leg squat with rotation, right? So then you can progressively create this plan whether or not you do it or not you get to that point where it's appropriate because some people may be like, you know, this is too easy. Well, at least you have, okay, here's the next step. We were week ahead of schedule, but again, part of keeping the athlete engaged in this whole, you know, return to performance. Phase is, you know, you gotta keep them stimulated. And again, whatever they're doing has to look and smell like the sport that they're playing. So again, working on foot and ankle dynamics with, you know, the squatting motion, you know, putting a football in their hand, a tennis racket, a baseball, a bat in their hand. If you can some way figure out how to integrate their activity back into this process, it makes it feel less like corrective exercise and more like the sport that they're playing in. So again, progressive programming does require a little bit of creativity and that's just going to be based on your conversations with the athlete, but also, the imagination that you have to bring to the table. Yeah, fantastic, love it. And, you know, that that also shows the athlete that you have a plan for them that you, you care about the, you care about where they end up and, and you care about what happens to them in this process. I think, right. You know, of had a number of clients who have worked with a variety of different professionals and UVNAs, and maybe maybe you wouldn't, maybe it, maybe it shouldn't be as much of a surprise as it is at the collegiate or professional level where there was no plan in place. Right. Right. You know, to the athlete that doesn't instill a lot of confidence in the individuals that are helping them. So whether you stick 100% to that plan or not is, is beside the point, the fact that you've taken the time to lay that out, you've given some thought to it. Right. You've reviewed that with the athlete, asked for their input, tried to, you know, incorporate things that would enhance their engagement and buy-in. That, that's what we volumes to the athlete and, and they're more likely to buy-in when you do that. Yeah. And I've had personal experience where they've gone back for the reevaluation with their respective physical therapists or even their, their surgeon. And if they go there and they're like, yeah, these, these sessions, you know, feeling good and feeling strong, you know, they just, it's, it's that glimmer in their eyes. It's, it's that the fact that they're excited about the process and whatever you can do to facilitate that through your programming again, it's creative as it can be, you know, you have to do it because then once that physical therapist sees that you're one, you're planned out and you've thought about it, you've been considerate of the whole situation. But, you know, for two is that you, you know what session one, two and three, a week one, session one, two and three a week two, you know what that looks like and, and the fact that you, you're communicating that and getting that information out there with the athlete, as well as with the medical professional, that's, that's going to be how you build your business. If this is where you want to create your niche when it comes to client management. Yep, no doubt. Great points. So with that, Ken, let's kind of finish up, I guess. We've talked about a lot of stuff. We have to talk about the actual strategies and programming. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So when it comes to, when it comes to the actual programming in this sense, you know, we are going to leverage the NSM corrective exercise continuum for our framework, where, you know, for those of you who aren't entirely familiar or maybe not familiar at all, the corrective exercise continuum is a force that process the consists of, you know, the first that being inhibit and we're going to utilize different techniques and tools to relax or decrease overactivity in certain tissues that and, and muscles that may contribute to a faulty movement pattern. The second step is what we call lengthen, where you're going to incorporate stretching techniques or flexibility techniques that enhance the extensibility of the target muscles. So the goal with these first two steps is to restore or, and or enhance available range of motion. And that's going to set you up for greater success in the next two steps, which are activation. So once you've improved or enhanced the ability for the joint to move through range of motion, then you want to re-train or develop greater muscular control through that range of motion. So activation is going to be done on muscles that have been identified as as being relatively underactive that might be allowing a particular faulty movement to take place. So you're going to do specific exercises and techniques to re-engage those tissues. And you're going to work those through that new range of motion that you've attained from the the previous two steps with the flexibility techniques. So inhibit lengthen and activate or, you know, strengthen if you will, inhibit lengthen, strengthen. And then the final step is what we call integration where, you know, you've restored range of motion locally to select joints. You've developed isolated strength around those joints and control through those specific ranges of motion. Now we want to integrate that into more functional pattern, more functional body position where the joints that you just impacted locally have to work in coordination with the joints above and below it and in a variety of different environments. And so that integration step is extremely important. And then with maybe as a a subsidiary or kind of another component to the integration step is, you know, making sure that whatever you do from an integration standpoint is progressive and kind of replicates from a performance perspective what they have to do on the court or in the the sport that they're trying to return to. So that may be specific drills where you're challenging speed, agility, quickness and and other attributes to get the body to respond and perform in an environment that's specific to that person's activity. Did I explain that okay, Ken? You explained it more than okay. And this is the thing about the, you know, when you're working with somebody from a, from a, I guess, a reintegration into sport standpoint is that it's, you know, first of all, you know, you got to get them out of the mindset of sport specific training where you get a human specific training. So we have to look at human movement science and, you know, this is what, you know, it helps facilitate better movement and not just at the side of injury in this case is the footnacle but also how the whole body, you know, how we retich the body, how to use this new updated upgraded, you know, area, which is, you know, again, we go from a position of compromise to to enhance movement. So even, you know, and you've seen it, Tony, you get four degrees better ankle door seat flexion on somebody. Sometimes that's, I mean, that's enough to make. Man, that feels awesome, right? So, so now you have to teach that, and I guess this is the other part is that, you know, the reason why there's four steps, right? And hip-it length and strength in and integrate is because it takes all four steps to work together to keep what you work for. So when you talk about optimized, you know, range of motion, you know, can we get the muscle that, that the local area to relax enough that we can get some length and then we have to retich and strengthen it up, you know, to use that new range of motion. So, and this is the number one thing when it comes to the whole recovery strategy is, you know, can you keep it? Because how many times have you heard like, I stretch and I stretch and I foam roll and I foam roll, but I still get tight. All right. I'm still getting this little, this little pinch or whatever. It's like, well, did you, did you do everything at Toldjee when I say everything at Toldjee I met all four steps? Like, no, I just had time to foam roll. And I foam rolled my whole body. Well, instead of foam rolling my whole body, once you take quarter that time to foam roll and then spend the other three quarters of that time to get a little bit of a stretch, get some strengthening in there and then a single leg, something to put it all together. That's, that's the importance of having all four steps put together because it's not just about flexibility, flexibility and of itself is, is nothing. If anything, it puts in, in harm's way more because you've got all this range of motion that your brain does not know how to control, right? Yeah. And it's the rest of yeah that every other player on the, on the team doesn't know how to play with you, you know, that's, that's the, that's a big part of it. So putting it all in one lump sum as far as that goes, is, is the biggest teach when it comes to, you know, this kind of sideline type of training. Yep, yep, absolutely. So let's talk through those four steps a little bit. You know, from an inhibitory standpoint, you know, what are the areas that that we would want to focus on with, with an athlete coming back from a footnacle situation? Yeah, the, you know, the biggest thing I mean when you, when you look at all the areas that we, all the muscles that you talked about, you know, and the biggest part is the, you know, the calf complex because of what it can do to affect the knee above it, but also how it connects into the calcaneus and then into the mouth, that extends down into the, into the, into the plantar fascicers. So there's, you know, there's a lot to be said for what's happening behind the leg, as far as it affects what's going on, you know, below it at the ankle and the foot. So the calf is one of the bigger parts to hit, but, you know, when we talked about plantar fasciatists through the, we talked about an hour ago, helping offsets of the tension down there. Don't remind about how long we've been on here. If you're still here with us, you know, you're, you're, you're at the rate of 200 to 2 parts. I do. But from that standpoint, we just getting the inhibitory process going and, and again, when we talk about tools, you know, one of the footnotes I've kind of jotted down here, you know, between, you know, the foam roller, you have, you know, old school, you know, lacrosse ball, golf ball, but, you know, with technology as it's been these last few years now, when you talk about the vibration percussion, implemented into your tool, you mean, my clients have, you know, definitely made the investments in themselves, as far as how, how do you maximize the inhibitory process and get the muscles to relax? So, you know, you know, getting the right tool for the right job to get the muscles to relax is it's going to be one of the things that they're going to have to spend some time on, but the back of the leg, bottom of the foot, for the most part, but, you know, whatever feels good. When you, you know, let's say if you get the hypervolt out, boom, get that on there, get that area to relax. Yep, yep, no doubt. So, so inhibit calf complex, maybe focus quite a bit on the lateral aspect of the, of the gastroch, very much. Yeah. So, Olius, biceps for Morris, as we talked about, you know, even though it affects knee, the knee joint mechanics that's also going to affect the foot ankle mechanics by way of the fibula, rolling the plantar fascia. You know, you know, you know, I'm glad you mentioned it across ball or, you know, some other type of firm ball, with with respect to the plantar fascia, you know, that's an area that people tend to go really aggressive with, that may not be ideal. You know, necessarily have to go super aggressive. You can certainly focus on areas of discomfort and tenderness, but you don't need a ton of pressure into that region in order to experience some great outcomes. Oftentimes, just, you know, getting fluid moving through that tissue is going to be really impactful. And that's where vibration and percussion and some of the newer tools can really be beneficial. And then, you know, depending on the specific scenario, focusing on the fibula-era's muscles or pronial muscle lateral aspect of the lower leg may be, maybe warranted to permanent habitatory standpoint. Cool. From a lengthening standpoint, basically, we would kind of focus on the same areas, right? Is that? Yeah. And, you know, so when you talk about the lateral gastroxolious complex, the one thing that I'll say there again, you know, we can be can list out a bunch of stretches, you know, we can, you know, do a stretch for the short-headed biceps for more, you know, working on that lateral hamstring as it affects, like, everything that you're saying with how the fibula interacts with the foot-naked, but what I want to say with the lateral gastroxolious complex, you know, it's basically the lateral calf stretch is that, you know, position is going to play a big part of how you emphasize the stretch in this case. So, you know, doing the best you can to maintain, you know, sub-tale-neutral, a little bit of internal rotation, you know, activation of the hips getting that little posterior, a little squeeze in the glutes, squeeze in the quads, making sure that the beneath extended, the hip is extended and that the heel is on the ground, because the one thing about that stretch, as much benefit as that stretch is going to give you, if it's not performed correctly, it's, you're not going to maximize it. If anything, you're going to you're going to reinforce the compensation that goes along with that particular stretch. So, to tap on a couple times the importance of the lateral gastroxolious, you know, with multiple compensation patterns, the technique is what's going to be the important part of that. Yeah, no, Gary points. And I guess, I don't know if I mentioned this or if we specified this, but typically in this second step for the lengthening strategy, we're going to utilize static flexibility techniques. Yes. You know, if you're doing something with the client, you could certainly do a partner assisted stretching technique, like a neuromuscular stretch or, you know, enough stretching, but for the athlete or the client for their homework or their self-self let over and group, they're going to be doing a static stretching technique. Right. Yep. And if you're, you know, you get personal trainer again, unless you have the licensure or the education in the training to put your hands on somebody, don't do it, because it just takes that one time for something to go wrong that, you know, you can find yourself doing something else for a career. Yeah. But just, but from the other standpoint, we talk about homework. You know, when it comes to athletes, I take a very hands-off approach, you know, despite my background, I'll, because if I'm doing it for them, they decrease the opportunity for them to learn to do it for themselves. So verbal-quewing, visual-quewing, whatever I need to do to get them to be able to do this and execute on their own. Any opportunity you have to do that, do that because they're not going to have your eyes on them, you know, every time that you want them to do it, which is, you know, before and after work out, maybe after they've been sit behind a desk or after a long drive, things like that. So, or, during, if they're on the sideline during practice, you know, if they can take these opportunities to perform these static stretches from a corrective standpoint, yeah, find the opportunities to teach them to do these stretches or exercises on their own with, with good form. Yeah, yeah, for sure. So, Mike's take away there into exercise and so that third step, the strength and step or in the CES continuum, corrective exercise, continuum, it's referred to as activate, where you use isolated strengthening techniques. What do we want to focus on in that particular aspect of the program? Oh, this, and this is, this is the hardest part for a lot of athletes to do because this one, it's, it's a long time, low intensity, usually body weight, but long time under tension. So, when we talk about tempo, especially from a corrective exercise standpoint, it's going to be something along the lines of 422321 with that first number being the e-centric, second number being isometric, and then that third number being the concentric. So, if it's a 42210th O, something that's very slow on the eccentric, and you're, you know, seemingly a long time for the isometric, because you have to hold that short and position for a couple seconds, right? But let's say if it's a single leg, calf raise or just calf raise with a slight internal rotation of the feet to emphasize the strengthening of the medial fibers of the gastroch. So, that's your standing up, extending up, pushing the toes into the ground. Again, trying to do the best you can to keep more of a neutral position at the ankle. So, you're going to come up, hold for a couple seconds, and then you're going to slowly lower yourself to the ground. So, again, most injuries do happen in the lengthening or the eccentric phase. So, that's where we need to build up strength and stamina is in that eccentric portion of that contraction spectrum. So, slow, long, slow, time-under tension with special emphasis on the lengthening of that particular muscle. So, the one muscle or the one exercise that I'm picking for this is that calf raise with emphasis on the medial fibers of the gastroch. So, up, hold, and then superduper slow on the way down. Yeah, and you mentioned eccentric, eccentric. Typically, that isometric contraction is performed in the shortened range of motion, but you could also do it in the lengthened position as well as that foot for grasses. So, in the case of the calf raise, you could have them hold in the shortened position when they're up on their toes. And then as they slowly lower back down to the start, you could also have them hold in the eccentricly loaded position as well. And that could provide some great stimulus and stress through this process. So, you could have them do one or the other progress from that shortened position to the lengthened or you could do both, I guess, right? You could have them hold it at both positions. Right. They'll really love you then. Keep them wanting more. Yeah. Cool. So, single leg calf raise with toes turned in. What other areas do we want to address? Would you do like anterior tibialis potentially reinforce that range of motion and control through dorsiflection and inversion. That single leg calf raise with toes in emphasizing the medial fibers of the gastrochips. That's going to reinforce inversion of the foot at well. And then what else? How about up at the hip? They're glued. I mean, because again, when we talk about, again, from an athletic endeavor, top of triple flexion, and we have to talk about triple extension. So, again, when it comes to pushing off changing direction, if the foot, the knees extended, foot, foot, you know, plant our flex and you're extended at the hip. So, when it's going to be short and it's most, when you're trying to drive that power, it's going to come from the hip. So, and that's where, again, going back to that calf raise, getting that triple extension. So, if they're holding on to a bar and they're elevating themselves, pushing those toes into the ground, not only are they plant our flexing, but they're also extending, getting that hip extension in there. So, you know, basic glued exercises as well. Again, we'll talk about that at the next, well, when we talk, when we discuss the hip, but again, yeah, the knee right. Yeah, it's an amenity. Yeah, and the shoulder. Yeah. Glutes. Yeah. Love the glutes. Yeah. You can't keep that out of the conversation, any conversation really. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, proximal stability, looking at glutes, remember, many of the things that we talked about stem from the inability to decelerate over pronation. And so, the glutes and the muscles of the hip are going to be key players in that. So, making sure the glute mediaists and in glute mats are getting some love is going to be important. And you can certainly do isolated work for that, whether that's, you know, sideline leg raises, mini band exercises, hip extension, quadruped stuff. I mean, the skies, the limit. Yeah, exactly. You alluded to this earlier, just by talking about, through talking through the exercise, but the focus on, you know, precision execution is going to be key with these activation and strengthening exercises. So, have a client do whatever they can through a range of any range of motion, full available range of motion without compensation or pain and discomfort. Right. And then, in the case of foot and ankle, what are some integration and performance type drills that you would follow up with once we've done our activation and strengthening? Yeah, I like to do things like, you know, single leg, single leg work, single leg marches, to where if I'm standing on one leg, I'm got them, you know, in like a, a sprint pose. So, if I'm on my standing on my right leg and my left, my left knees up, I'm going to have my right hand up just like if they were driving in there that left foot, you're ready to hit the ground. And I'll just have them stand on that right foot and then they'll just tap the foot on the ground and then they'll come right back up again. So, all the while they're balancing on that right leg, but I'll integrate that little step and balance, right, hold for a couple seconds, step and balance. So, what has to happen with that right leg, essentially in that right foot, and ankle, they have, it has to control that shift, that change in the center of gravity plus, and now you have, now you're integrating, you know, a shoulder swing into the, into the mix. So, again, just to take a little bit farther than where I would take this irregular, you know, somebody that doesn't have, you know, a sports performance goal, where I might just have them stand on a single leg and you know, do a little reach here. I'm just going to be more progressive and adding an upper body motion. So, if it's a runner, I'm going to have them start integrating again, emphasizing a tall spine, good shoulder swing, right, and a quick tap of that foot and right back up, and then incorporating that coordination between the upper and the lower body, all the while, that right hip, right foot, ankle has to respond to everything else that's happening in the body. Yep, fantastic. Yeah. Cool. Yeah, and you, you had mentioned some other exercises to single leg balance with a reach, also any exercise for those of you who utilize the OBT model in training programs with clients, you know, basically any upper body movement pattern while standing on a single leg can help drive forces through the lower extremity and into the foot and ankle complex. So, you know, think of this in terms of, you know, progression and through the course of an entire training session, if you're trying to reinforce what happens at that foot, ankle complex, you can take that to to every single exercise that that you program, particularly if you have a client that's in that phase, one stabilization endurance phase of training. So, you know, whether it's a chest press on one leg, if you're doing a four exercise, a cable rotation, rowing patterns, lower extremity exercises, shoulder exercises, yeah, you can challenge that lower extremity during the course. Yeah, and one thing that I used to do is especially with football, you know, because, you know, the power lifting exercises are king, right? So, to get somebody, let's say if I progress them to a strength endurance phase, where you have a strength exercise superset it with a stability exercise, you know, they love their bench, they they, you know, it's about what you can bench, right? So, if I'm having somebody bench press and I superset that with a ball push up, just to keep, you know, give them what they want, which is okay, I need my upper body strength, but to sneak in a little bit of what they need, what they actually need, you know, what they want versus what they need, I can have them in that ball push up position, I can have them kind of rock back and get that little dorsy flexion and then creep into a little plantar flexion to where they're now, shoulders above the ball, they'll do them push up and they'll kind of rock back and then they'll do their push up. So, it's, you know, just adding a little pause, I mean, two benefits of that, a little bit more dynamic stability for their upper body, which is what they, you know, what they need, but to sneak in that little reconditioning, I can get that little ankle movement while they're, again, dynamically stabilizing on that ball. So, again, however you can, yeah, however you can sneak it in, again, he thinks he's doing enough for body exercise. I know he's doing the upper body exercise, but I'm sneaking in that foot ankle complex right along with it. Love it, love it, yeah. Cool. Well, anything else from Ferrari on a standpoint, performance drills, that you would, that you would, yeah, I mean, yeah, we could, we can talk for another, yeah, on a half on this, but, I'll grab you just, I'm just going to love us. Yeah, he is, but from the standpoint of, okay, what else can we sneak in there? Just, just adding, you know, you take your traditional drills, you take your speed ladder, you can have a forecone drill, and instead of going the, okay, run forward, lateral, lateral shuffle, backward shuffle, lateral shuffle to the left, add a pause or add a balance at the cones, right? Since, yeah, you can, you can shorten the distance, you go instead of a 10 foot square with a cones, make it a five foot square, increase the number of repetitions so that you can cover two laps, but you've integrated instead of four stops, four cones, you decrease the, the position of the cones by half, you get the same distance, but you add twice as many stops, and it's the deceleration that's going to, the deceleration training that's going to help them learn how to stop and control. So instead of just going, you know, go 50%, go 75%, go 100%, it kills me when I hear that. It's like, add in other things, stop balance, hold for two seconds, and then transition, stop hold two seconds, and then transition. So you're sneaking in some balance works and that isometric stabilization, and it doesn't have to be hard. You take what you already know, but just pause, at, it's an opportunity to take that with a speed ladder. You go zigzags in and out, pause, you know, you're going lateral, you know, lateral in and out. So foot goes in the square, balance on that outside foot, transition back, both feet in the square, balance for two seconds, and then come back, come back the other way and you do that over, you know, you know, five feet, you're, you're athlete, if they're in that true reconditioning, they're going to be taxed, they're going to feel it. They're going to come comment on how their foot feels because it's, it's traditionally something that they haven't done before, but that's what we're trying to build into them is that strength and integrity that they were missing to begin with, that possibly contributed to how they got injured. So again, when it comes to return to performance, I want you to be stronger than you were before you got hurt, because it was that level of strength that allowed you to be in a position to, to incur more stress than what your body was able to handle. Yeah, yeah, I love it. Great, great options. It takes a simple, you know, multi-planer hop, you use stabilization to the next level, makes it a little bit more exciting and interactive, which is, which is awesome. So cool. Well, gosh, I think that's enough. Yeah, that's perfect. Yeah. That's enough. Yeah, I really enjoyed this. Can we're forward to doing the do-in-the-rest of these, but, you know, thanks so much for all the, for all of you who who listen, stayed on board for the whole thing. I hope you came away with some some valuable nuggets and insights that you can integrate into your programming with clients, particularly around foot-nank or reconditioning. As mentioned at the top of the, the episode, if you have any specific questions, comments, feel free to leave them below, and we'll make sure to address them in our subsequent episodes. So with that, hope everyone stays safe, healthy, and takes care. Until next time, Ken, thanks so much, buddy. Thank you, Tony. All right, talk to you guys soon. Bye.