Hello everyone. Welcome to episode three in our return to performance programming series. My name is Tony Amblar Wright and I'm joined by my friend and colleague Ken Miller. Ken, how you doing, buddy? I am good, Tony, how you doing, bud? Doing fantastic, thanks. Yeah. I'm excited to get back on the line with you and talk about some return to performance programming. Yeah. So for those of you who joined us last week, we discussed return to performance programming for the footnankle complex in this episode. We're going to focus on the knee. And basically what we'll do is we'll follow a similar format to what we did last week where we'll discuss some common knee injuries. We'll discuss, you know, what does full recovery actually mean? What does the goal? And then we'll spend our hope is to spend the majority of the time discussing programming options for individuals who are coming back from knee injuries. And then prior to getting into all that though, we will address some questions that we received from last week's episode. And on that note, if any questions arise as you guys are tuning in, please feel free to leave them in the comment section below. And if we can't address them in real time, we'll address them in subsequent episodes. So with that, Ken, you have anything you want to touch on before we get going? I believe we had a question. If we're going to address questions right now on foot orthotics. Right? Yeah. Whereas the first four orthotics go, just to touch on that, it's one of those things where if someone needs it to feel better and they move better, they feel a significant difference in how they feel, not just the foot and ankle, but also the knee and or the hip by changing the mechanics of the foot. And if the orthotics help with better foot positioning, so with every step, every stride that they take, whether they're walking, running, and jogging, then by all means, it's one of those things that if it's already in the play, if it's already in play and in the picture, then keep on going with it. But when it comes to program design, when I'm working with somebody, and I look at their shoe, one of the things I do is I look at the bottom of the shoe, I look at where patterns, maybe one foot interacting with the ground a little bit differently than the other. But I'll also ask if they've gotten an insert in their shoe or whatever footwear that they're using under day to day. And a lot of times they'll volunteer that, yeah, I do have something that does help out. But I'm going to take that into consideration and look at the assessments that I use for what's happening, the feet turning out and knees come in, low back arch, whatever comes up from the assessment. And I'll see if there's another way to get the body to move better without the help of the orthotic. But if there are things happening with the foot, let's say a real foot arch collapse during gate, those are the things that I'll try and address during their strengthening program. But there are times when I'll have to refer out to a podiatrist or a physical therapy as far as what's happening at the foot that I don't have the scope of practice to address at that point in time. So I'm for it if it helps and if it helps with our workouts and how we do other things especially with performance. But if there is something that can be done and implemented from a corrective exercise or a strengthening strategy, I'll look at ways to strengthen the deficits that might be contributing to why somebody thinks they might need an orthotic. Right on. Perfect. I agree. Oh, heartedly. So I don't have much else to add there. Makes work. Makes work. Yeah. Yeah. I think that was the only question we got related to the foot and ankle was on the orthotic. But certainly if anything else comes up, feel free to continue to ask. So let's get into the knee. So first thing we'll cover is just what are some of the common injuries that you may encounter or what are some of the common injuries that clients may be coming back from that you might encounter, whether you're working more in the performance sector or fitness environment. Very common to see anterior knee pain. So the teller tendon opathy is also known as jumpers knee. So individuals who are involved in a lot of jumping, cutting activities where they have to deselerate quickly may experience anterior knee pain and stress increase stress to that the teller tendon. In the youth athlete, something that you might encounter which is very similar is as good slatters, where basically there's inflammation to the area where the teller tendon attaches to the tibia. And typically when you're looking at the youth athlete, that Ausjgis slatters is more of a repetitive stress and overuse type of injury that can resolve over time. But there are different ways to handle that. which we'll get into when we discuss the programming. Let's see, Patel of the Moral Payne Syndrome really common one, where there's a malalignment or tracking issue with the Patelah and how it interacts with the with the femur and the Tibia and that creates, creates stress underneath the kneecap that leads to pain and inflammation. IT band friction syndrome is another one that's that's pretty common. And then when we look at some of the other structures of the knee, you might see things like meniscal tears. And there's some differences there. You've got acute meniscal tears, which are caused by some sort of incident. And then there's also degenerative changes that can occur to a menuschus to the menuschia over time. And so when you look at individuals, even starting as young as 40 years of age on up, it's very common for individuals to have some sort of degenerative tears or changes to the menuschia. And many times there are asymptomatic and people wouldn't even know they were there. But it is common to see that. And then probably the biggest elephant in the room and the one, the thing that most people are concerned with is it relates to the knee is ligament to injury. And for example, ACL, anterior trushate ligament injury being the one that everybody's concerned with. And really that can create the most problems not only aculee, but from a long term standpoint, when you look at the effects of returning from that type of injury and the psychological impact, the musculoskeletal impact later on in life can be pretty profound. So we'll talk quite a bit about ACLs and what you want to look for from a return to performance standpoint as well as in the healthy population. What can you do? What are some best practices and recommendations from an injury prevention program and standpoint as well? And all of these things that you mentioned, Tony, these things within, again, following scope of practice, all of these things need to be diagnosed by a physician or a physical therapist. Somebody who's qualified to do all the tests to kind of rule out one thing or the other. So as much as we can look at movement patterns and just like claws nails on a chalkboard when somebody watches, someone's movement patterns, like, hey, I think you've got ACL issues. Well, that shows well beyond the scope of practice. So in the workshops that we teach, when we're going over moving the assessment, it's in observations and watching these compensation patterns, yeah, somebody, you know, they're not moving well when that means coming in and that, and they've got excessive forward lean and the feet turn it out. That's not a cause to say, well, you have lateral knee pain or you can't assume that someone's going to have somebody can move poorly their whole lives and not experience one ounce of pain. And that's where when we talk about return of performance, it's not just about all these things that have been listed with possible meniscus issues, ACL, a Patel of Somoral IT band friction syndrome. They can have, I mean, if you've ever run a half marathon or a full marathon and you're running behind people and believe you mean, when I've run, I'm behind a lot of people. So I'm watching, you know, the little, the leg whip and the knee, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They just swing that foot around, they can't, you know, they can't get a good knee drive and that foot is definitely just whipping around, almost like you're doing egg beaters in a pool. So somebody can move like that. They can run a million or 100 races and they may not experience anything, right? And that's where, you know, combining the assessments along with what has been diagnosed, then you can have a better understanding of what can be done or should be done from a personal trainer or strength coach standpoint. Because like what you said, Tony, when you're talking about, you know, a difference between the rehab process for a meniscus tear versus an ACL, you're talking anywhere from the difference between three to four months to nine to 12 months between the two. And that's definitely going to have to come to the guidance of the physical therapist to kind of, you know, take your hand and figure out, okay, well, what are the what are the no-nose, what are the things we should not do at this point in time? And again, based on timeline, you're going to look at, okay, we need to achieve 40 degrees by this time, 60 degrees by this time, 80 degrees by that time. So, you know, all good stuff, but we as personal trainers and strength coaches, someone can be just, you know, point by point describing any one of these syndromes exactly, but we're still not in a position to say, that's what you got, right? Yeah, fantastic points. Yeah. Yeah. Just reinforces the, you know, what we discussed in the previous installments where, you know, you've got to look at this as your part of a team and within that team, there's a hierarchy of sorts and a scope of practice that needs to be minded and respected. So, right, yeah, great stuff. You know, with that said, you know, just to reinforce, reinforce what we've discussed before is that, you know, what can an error referring to when it comes to the programming and some of the different considerations, you know, we're certainly laying the groundwork and providing you some some context around the, the different types of knee injuries and some of the things that that are done, maybe during the rehab phases, but when we're discussing our role, the programming options and some of the things to look for, we definitely want to reinforce that we're discussing beyond that acute rehabilitative phase once the physical therapist or physician has really cleared the individual to be able to to begin working with the strengthening addition and coach or personal trainer. Right. Some, yeah, something to be said too about the, the injuries that we went through, even though they're, they're all looking at different structures and have their own set of symptoms. The underlying theme here, and we discuss this as well with the ankle last week, is that there's a certain level of biomechanical risk factor. There's certain levels of biomechanical risk factors associated with some of these common injuries. And, you know, that's important for us on the strengthening and the conditioning personal trainer side is kind of alluded to when we perform movement assessments and we're observing how our clients interact and, and move during certain activities. There are certain things that we want to be aware of that could potentially increase the risk of, let's say, a re-endry or over time, and what unchecked could, could increase the susceptibility of some type of non-contact, non-contact injuries scenario. When it comes to the ACL in particular, there are certain intrinsic factors that can influence the, the injury to the ACL. Many of those we can't do a whole lot about. And so, you know, quite a bit of the focus when it comes to programming and prevention is, is on extrinsic factors. So looking at strength ratios, biomechanics, neuromuscular control, and so forth, those are all things that can be influenced with a training program, coaching and feedback is another big one. So, you know, we'll discuss that more when we get into the programming. When it comes to rate and frequency, the, you know, most commonly injured joint in adolescent athletes is the knee. And when you look at, let's say the high school athlete population, the prep athlete, you know, 60% of injuries in that population occur to the knee. So, you know, very, very common, something that you're, you're likely to encounter, but with good programming, can either be prevented, or the risk reduced. And then, as you might be assisting somebody, return to full performance from, from something like this, then, you know, there are certain best practices that we can follow to, to ensure that they, they come back as strong or stronger than they were before. Definitely. And just anecdotally with having worked two years in a physical therapy clinic, I would say a majority, a strong majority of the kids, you know, when I just lump them up in the high school, between high school and junior high kids, it was a lot related to the knee, as far as what I had to work with, you know, you have your ACLs, you have your, your IT band friction syndrome and, you know, your, your telephone, basically everything you've listed out as far as what somebody might experience. And, you know, you get your share of ankle sprains, but, you know, ankle sprains, you know, can flash back last week, you know, a lot of times less, it's major. It will resolve itself, but when it comes to the knee, you, you wind it, you know, the knee winds up being one of those areas where it's, you're chasing symptoms, right? It just happened to be that that the knee is where your body decided to break down, where the, and we'll get into the hip and the ankle and its relationship to the knee and a little bit, but, you know, and this is where a lot of parents get concerned is when somebody, when their, when their child gets hurt and then they get hurt again and then they get hurt again and then now it's okay now it's more than just playing soccer, playing softball, you know, football, which the first incident may have been a contact issue, but when it happened again, they just happen to be doing a drill, you know, so, so as these, these injuries happen, you know, especially in that adolescent or junior high high school, you know, prep age, it is one of those things where their body is growing and you mentioned, you know, it's a lot of their bodies changing, just, we talk about intrinsic factors, their bodies changing, and then there's all the stress happening at the same time the body is changing, so as you, as you go through your growth spurts between, you know, muscular and bone growth, hormonal changes, hormonal, yeah, all of that, you know, there's, there's a lot of, you know, they're still learning, you know, they're like puppies growing into their big paws, and that's what's happening at this, this age range to where, again, working on those other factors, flexibility, range of motion, stability, as well as strength, and power production, and reduction, feed into all of that, you know, when we talk about rate and frequency, especially in that adolescent age. Yeah, no doubt. So, you know, with that, what does full recovery mean? You know, we talked about this a little bit last week as well, but, you know, typically it means restoring full range of motion to the affected areas, as well as, you know, areas of influence. So, as Ken mentioned, you know, the knee is, it's at the mercy of the, the foot ankle in the hip, and so even though the symptoms and the, the side of injury is at the knee, often, that's due to the interactions that has, or the influence rather of the hip and the ankle on the knee joint during, during movement. Looking at reestablishing and improving stability, strength, power production, force reduction, neuromuscular control, conditioning, and sports, sport specific activity skills, and then, you know, in order to establish whether somebody has made that full recovery, you know, that's where, you know, your functional performance testing may come in to determine symmetries and balance as well as readiness, and then, you know, there are certain psychological assessments that can be done as well, to determine if the, the individual has, you know, full confidence and in their return to performance abilities. So, which is, is going to be critically important. From a reconditioning standpoint, as we go through this, again, the goal is to establish and or reestablish dynamic, neuromuscular control, and coordination, restore isolated strength, endurance, as a big one, power, and reintegrate that into total body functional patterns and activities, and then, you know, what we'll talk about from a programming sampling may start off with more of a, looking at it for more of a corrective exercise, through more of a corrective exercise lens, maybe more therapeutic in a sense, and then progressing into reconditioning, conditioning, and more dynamic exercises and activities. Can anything you want to, you want to add in there? No, I mean, that's a pretty thorough explanation. And I think the biggest point that comes to return to performance that gets missed is that confidence, that confidence level to, like if you're, if you're in a varsity sport, you're in a varsity sport, right? So, as a junior senior in high school, if you're at the highest level that you can compete in high school, you have to know that if I'm going to step on the field and if I'm the receiver and you're asking me to go down the middle, right, and catch a ball there, I have to know that I can stop turn, catch the ball, and take a hit. If I'm hesitant at all, I'm going to get alligator arms, I'm not going to extend, and, you know, that's going to affect how I play or how, you know, that, you know, the overall play with a team is going to, to come to fruition. So, if, if I'm, if I'm not confident in making that stop pivot turn, catch any one of those steps within, within that sequence of play, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, you know, having to stop and decelerate more than what you would need to can add to more knee stress from that vantage point, but it's also going to affect, you know, how well you actually perform. So, if you're going out there and you're, let's say, you've got the check on all the boxes from a physical therapy, strength, conditioning, athletic trainer standpoint. This person's body is ready to go, but psychologically, you don't have confidence in the knee to make that play, then you're going to play, you're going to play scared, and it's when you hesitate when you, is when you're more susceptible from, from an injury standpoint. So, not just the physical side, but, you know, can you, when we talk to performance, can you actually perform with everything that you've worked for? So, it's not just about flexibility, range, motion, power, production, reduction, metabolic conditioning, but also can you with confidence get back on to the field of play, and that's the one thing we have that when it comes to programming, like you, like you talked about, are we building in that psychological aspect, like, you can run, you can stop, you can turn, and see nothing's happening to you know, you're okay, you're 100% okay, you're going to take the hit, or you know, things are going to happen, but physically, you're strong, and you have to know that. Yeah, absolutely. I thought you're going to throw another pivot out there, friends, friends, reference, pivot, it's a, it's might be showing my age a little bit, but yeah, I gotta watch, friends. Yeah, get up and so there for those of you who haven't seen it. Yeah, so cool, we have with that, let's talk about some considerations as we, as we get into the programming elements, as you work with somebody who might be returning from an injury. So, with, with Muscle's skeletal injuries, you know, the number one risk factor for re-injury is previous injury. So, that's something to be aware of that, you know, somebody getting hurt once is going to predispose them, or increase the likelihood that they may get re-injured. So, something to be aware of there, the other thing is looking at symmetry. So, asymmetries in the body are, again, are another big risk factor potentially for non-contact, Muscle's skeletal pain and injury. And we'll talk a little bit more about this with some of the different tests that you're clients or athletes might go through, but generally speaking, if there's a greater than 10% difference between the injured side and the unenvolved side, then, you know, that's something that, that's a gap that you want to, you want to close down as, as quickly and as much as you can, as, as you get over that greater than 10% difference than the, the risk of of injury is going to, going to go up. Um, things that you may also have to consider, you know, again, swelling and inflammation, pain, range of motion. So, as you continue to work with your clients, areas that you want to keep an eye on from a range of motion standpoint, would, would basically start down at the foot and ankle. So, big toe extension, for example, the extension of the first MTP. If there is an adequate mobility at the big toe, then during running, lunging, cutting, stepping patterns that can exacerbate, over pronation at the foot ankle, which is then going to cause some, um, obligatory movement at the knee that could potentially increase stress to the, the injured areas, um, ankle dorsy flections and other big one. Me extension. So, when we look at, uh, knee extension from, let's see, a 90, 90 position, we, we want anywhere from zero to 20 degrees on that. So, basically where the knee is almost fully extended to fully extended. And knee flexion is another one, total hip rotation. So, some, some good evidence that, you know, correlates total hip rotation range of motion with, uh, with knee injury, risk and stress. Um, of the two internal or external rotation, internal rotation is going to be one that we want to really focus on and, and make sure, um, our, our client possesses adequate, um, range of motion there. And then hip abduction is, uh, is another one. So, you know, if we look at, uh, if we look at knee extension, that's looking at the, the short head of the biceps femoris, which we talked about that last week with the ankle. If that muscle is, is tight and overactive, it can create more external rotation and abduction of the tibia relative to the femur, and that's going to put more stress on the knee joint. Um, if we look at hip internal rotation, if the hip can't internally rotate during movement, then that's going to increase adduction forces on, uh, on the knee. Excuse me, abduction forces on the knee is basically going to cause the femur to add up more. And then, um, when you look at, uh, I guess another one will be hip extension, uh, would be, would be important and then hip abduction, um, if there's a limitation in hip abduction, and that's going to, uh, increase, uh, the likelihood of the femur adducting, which is going to put more stress on on the knee. So, all these, uh, are important to look at and monitor as you're working with clients, uh, who've experienced knee, uh, knee injury. All these mobility assessments that we, that I just highlighted, are, you know, part of our new CES course. So we updated the CES, we're, you know, previously range of motion assessments were, um, addressed using a goaniometer, and, uh, there was also some manual muscle testing and we've since, uh, replaced those with these active mobility assessments. So they can be utilized by a wider range of professionals and, you know, uh, variety of different environments. So those are, those are all assessments and, uh, mobility tests that you want to, you want to, you want to do to not only see where your clients at, uh, as they begin to work with you, but also trap progress over time. Um, exactly. Yeah. And those assessments that you're talking about, um, they're not complicated. I mean, it's, it's, it's, they're easy to implement and, and to, to your point Tony again, looking at, uh, you know, the factors that go into, um, you know, how or why somebody may get injured, you know, one previous injury and then, by that only cemetery. So just perform these assessments. You look at, okay, if I'm laying on the ground and I'm, like, you know, like straight out and I'm looking at hip internal external rotation on the right side, hip internal external external on the left side and definitely one foot turns in more than the other, then I can, I can say to, to some confidence that, okay, well, maybe we need to look at your hip external rotators on that right side because you're able to turn that left side in significantly, and noticeably more than the other side. And that's just looking at one one assessment as far as hip internal rotation and, and to, you know, that 90 90, straight out one knee straight out the other where do you get more range of motion? If you've got just a noticeable difference between the two, then that gives you some insight, okay, on what side needs more love as far as a corrective strategy goes to say. Yeah, simply. Yeah, perfect. It doesn't, doesn't have to be complicated. Not at all. Now, and these tests they take just a matter of minutes. So once you get familiar with the process and, and the setup and what you're looking for. So yeah, very easy to implement as Ken mentioned, you know, from a strength instability perspective, you know, some of the, the same muscles that we talked about last week, ankle inverters. So again, we want to limit lower extremity pronation. If, if there's more pronation, or if there's a difficulty controlling pronation rather, we want to make sure that there's good strength in the poster to be Alice, answer to be Alice, you know, ankle dorsy flexors, also the typical internal rotators. So again, when you look at, you know, a more risky position for the knee is where the, the tibia relative to the femur externally rotates and abducks. And so that can, that can be allowed by relative weakness in the tibial internal rotators. You know, the semi-teninosis member, noces, scracillus, poplidious, sartorious, basically that whole pezian serene complex. We want to make sure that there's adequate strength in those muscles to be able to control that rotation, that external rotation. The quadriceps, maybe more specifically, although, you know, can't necessarily isolate a particular aspect of the quadriceps because when you extend the knee or your work all of them, but you know, there's a focus on the VMO, Vassus medialisobliqueus, you know, basically when that lower leg externally rotates relative to the femur, that's going to lengthen the VMO, the fibers of the VMO, which, you know, due to length tension relationships may decrease its ability to produce force. And then when you look at the muscles that cause that particular, that particular movement, the short head of the biceps femurus is a big one, that can lead to reciprocal inhibition of that VMO as well. And so, as you improve flexibility and extensibility of that biceps short head, and you're working to regain control of, to be a external rotation and establish more trivial internal rotation, you want to make sure that you're working on getting that VMO to fire up as part of a, you know, total quadriceps activation strategy. Hamstrings, you know, particularly eccentric, eccentric strength in the hamstrings, big ones, glute medius glute maximus, being able to control that femur in the the frontal and transverse plane, which is going to minimize stress to the knee, and then, you know, looking at just total single leg stability and then proximal stability and neuromusular control, the lumbal pelvic hip complex, all going to be really important to focus on as you're, you're getting somebody back to that full full performance. And the one thing I do, a lot of anatomy in that last seems like 10 minutes, but oh, I didn't want to be there. I got to really, yeah, I'm not kidding. Yeah, so for more information, yeah. So as far as human movement science goes, I mean, this is an underlying, you know, that's, that's based knowledge that anybody who works with a body needs to understand the body, and I'm learning every day on on how the body works. But when you're talking about inverters, rotators, and, you know, outside of, you know, your biceps quads, hamstrings, you know, all the big stuff. Not just knowing what the muscles names are, but also where they insert and how they interact with other muscles, right? So if you're, you know, if we're talking about the lateral hamstring and the short head, you know, short and long head of the biceps for Morris, but as it comes down connects into the fibula, what else is interacting with it? Well, now you have the gastroch witch comes up and crosses the knee and connects into the medial and lateral condiles of the femur. So now you have this interconnectedness between these muscles. So having a deep understanding of, not just textbook what these mean, but looking at how they work in function in the real world, so that, you know, when you look at the knee, there's a lot of, you know, you talk about the pesans are in, you have the hamstrings, you have the quadriceps, and now you have the calf or the gastroch that crosses up and over and down and under each other over that knee. So when you, when you look at function and not just what to do and what needs strengthening or what needs to be, you know, addresses for us, over activity goes, but having an understanding of the body and how things are interconnected, only going to help you help somebody else when it comes to getting over injury because, you know, like when you talked about the VMO, well, what's the antagonist to the VMO? Well, you're talking about the, the vassus lateralist, if we're just talking geography, that's standpoint. So there's, there's a lot on here, but there's a lot that's not on here when you're talking about these other synergists and antagonists to these muscle groups. Yeah. And again, yeah, just a quick point on that. Again, it is in the, the updated corrective exercise specialists when you talk about human movement science, that the chapter on that is actually very impressive. Yeah, no, great points, Ken. Basically, you're telling me I forgot, I forgot a few things. So I needed to, I needed to go like 13, 14 minutes instead of 10 minutes. I'll get stuff. I'll get stuff. So, so, yeah, so obviously an anatomy hugely important that's going to influence, you know, what you're looking at from an overactive relative, un-directive perspective. And then when it comes to assessing your clients readiness to to come back and assessing their progress over time, that's where you can get into, you know, functional performance testing. And for that, there's a variety of different tests and assessments that are used. One of the, the primary criteria, again, for returning from knee injuries is, you know, what's referred to as limb symmetry index, where, you know, an ideal, an ideal value is going to be anything greater than or equal to 90 percent of the un-injured leg to the, to the injured, injured leg. So basically, if that, if that injured side reaches to at least 90 percent performance of the, the un-involved side, then, you know, that's, that's a benchmark that we're looking to achieve. So, um, that, that can be applied to a variety of different tests. Some of the tests that that you may, um, some of the tests that you may see or that your clients may have had to perform before getting to you. And they could certainly be utilized, um, as a way to to progress check and see how your programming is going. Again, the range of motion or mobility tests, you can do isolated strength testing. So looking at hand strength, quadriceps, strength ratio. When you look at, you know, just balance, um, that balance error scoring system, star excursion balance test, where you're looking at, you know, single leg stability, um, and, how when they change their base of support by moving the other leg in different planes, you know, what's, what's their ability to control that. We have our transitional assessments overhead single leg squat. Um, also when this commonly uses a lateral step down test, and there's both a qualitative element there, as well as a quantitative element. So you can do a lateral step down, where there's actually a checklist and has the person performs, you know, five repetitions. You're looking for certain things. Um, and if you, if you identify or observe those, then you would, basically knock a point off or add an error to the, to the score. And if the, the client scores over a certain number, then, you know, that would indicate that they have poor control, in that particular pattern. But then there's also a quantitative lateral step down test, where your client repeats the lateral step down for time. And, um, basically you want to see how long they can, they can perform that particular, how many repetitions they can perform, that particular movement for within a given period of time. So, um, that's, that's a great test looking at endurance in that lower extremity. And then we get into some of our dynamic assessments, which can be both quantitative and as Ken mentioned last week, there's a qualitative element too, not only do you want to look and track time and number of reps or distance, but you want to, you want to see how is your client or athlete actually performing, um, during those assessments. What's happening at their foot, their knee, their trunk, and so forth. So, um, some example assessments might be the shark skill test, the landing error scoring system, which is basically a depth jump assessment. Um, then you've got your single leg hop batteries where you're looking at, you know, a single leg hop for distance. Uh, you've got your triple hop, triple, a crossover hop, and then a six meter timed hop. Um, you also have single leg side hop where you can do hops for time, or you can do repetitions within a given time. Single leg vertical jumps, then you got your running sprinting type, uh, test as well as your agility test, uh, lower extremity functional test as one, that, uh, that we highlight in our performance and enhancement specialist course that, uh, that is great to, uh, to utilize. And then, you know, there's a variety of other ones, but, uh, basically these, these, these tests allow you to look at, you know, again, compare symmetry between sides as well as, uh, progress over time to see, um, how your clients' performances improving as you, uh, as you dial up the intensity in their programming. So, uh, and uh, and I'll, um, again, to piggyback onto, I mean, all those great points is that, you know, we, we get stuck, you know, when you talk about symmetry, we get stuck, um, I think is as fitness professionals, um, comparing, you know, injured, quote unquote, injured to quote unquote, healthy, right? So, if, and this is the one thing, just just because the one leg is the one that happened to experience some kind of stress, um, doesn't mean that the, healthy leg is the ultimate benchmark either, right? True, true, true. Yeah. Uh, ultimately, uh, yeah, ultimately, we do want to get them closer to each other. So, let's say in the case of, uh, you know, knee extension, you mentioned zero to 20 degrees from a 1990 position. Well, if one of the knees is 50, but the other one is still, you know, 30, right? You know, they're still both off, but one's a lot more off than the other, and it's not in common to see that even the, you know, the un-ingered leg is worse, you know, guinea metricly than the health, or the, the injured leg, right? So, there, there are those opportunities when you look at, you know, someone who's balancing doing say it's single leg squat, or just this, basically a single leg stance on a healthy verse, or the un-ingered verses, the injured leg, and sometimes because the injured leg has been the leg that has gotten all the rehab. Right? All the love, yeah. Yeah. The got and all the love that they sometimes look, it sometimes looks like the healthy knee, right? So, I've also seen cases with, with athletes from that standpoint where the, the, the one that looks healthy is actually the one that incurred the injury. So, you know, not to ignore the other side of the body, but, you know, we have to look at, you know, to your point, the cemetery, the difference between one versus the other, and that could also be, you know, relative to like, girth measurements and things like that, but also, you know, can we improve the other side as well, because sometimes it's the, the, the deficit on one side that created a shift or a weight shift to the, what, what side incurred more of the load, because one side could do it's job. So, it had a like, dumped a little bit more work onto the other side, and then that's when you exceeded tissue capacity for, for stress, and then that's where, you know, possibly why somebody got injured. Oh, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, I can think of a particular client that the, that we saw in our facility, post ACL rehab, and had already returned to play, but was experiencing some residual, soreness and discomfort, and we helped him through that, and then stop coming in, and, and, and, you know, probably seven or eight months later, blue blue the ACL on the other side. Right. It's because the focus, you know, is on the side that was heard, and it's easy to neglect the side that, you know, what I'm quote, wasn't, wasn't affected. So, right. Great point. Cool. Well, let's get into some programming. I think one of the things that, to kick this off, there's a great, you know, the NATA National Athletic Trainers Association, got just been almost a couple years ago now, published the position stance position paper on ACL injury prevention programming, and, you know, there's some general guidelines that, and that practices that we can take away from that particular paper that would apply, as well, to the client that you're helping to return to performance. But one thing that, that the evidence shows is there's a pretty clear link between, you know, multi-component training programs. So, that include feedback. So, you know, coaching, killing, are extremely important to the process of helping to improve a client's movement patterns, as well as help to reestablish confidence and awareness in that, in that athlete. But multi-component preventive training programs that include feedback, regarding technique, and, and at least three of the following categories, strength, plan metrics, agility, balance, and flexibility are recommended to reduce non-contact and indirect contact ACL injuries during physical activity. And should be performed at least two to three times per week, not only throughout the season, but also throughout the preseason, as well. We know that multi-component training programs, they're advocated to improve lower extremity mechanics, muscle activation, balance, strength, power, and functional performance measures, as well as decrease landing impact forces. Something that we've talked about, we talked about previously, and we'll talk about again, coming up when we get into the specific programming, is that exercise issue be performed for aggressive intensity levels, better challenging, but allow for excellent movement quality and technique. So you don't want to sacrifice technique for intensity, and to maintain the benefits of reduced injury rates and improved function of performance over time, the multi-component training programs need to be performed continuously. And so speaking using the client that I just mentioned as an example when he stopped coming in, he stopped doing his programming that helps him get back to a certain level of function, and he ended up getting re-injured as a result of that. So something that should be performed each year, not discontinued after a single season. And then, a cano-prior, you get into this with the programming, but we also know that these training programs don't have to be performed in isolation, they can be integrated in an implemented as part of an overall training program, and or other sport-related activities. So you can implement some of these components as part of a dynamic warm-up, or as part of a comprehensive strengthening, and conditioning, or fitness training program. But another key thing is that regular supervision and focus on technique and movement quality is paramount to the process. And a lot of what you're talking about as far as increasing the challenge, and all we're talking about is progression. So, I mean, especially in the mind of a highly, you know, what do you use as competitive? They're going to want to see progression. They want to see change. They, you know, because if you're, if all I'm relegated to is a sideline straight leg race, and I'm going to do that for six weeks, and then, you know, the variation is you put, you know, ankle weights on me, and yeah, I'm going to get bored, you know, and if it doesn't, you know, we talked about this last week. If it doesn't look like my sport, or feel like my sports, my like my sport, you're going to lose, you're going to lose me. And if you lose me, you're going to lose compliance as well. And I think, you know, well, you know, experientially, you have to, you know, you know, dive into what it is, they're their sport, and have whatever progressions that you integrate into their programming, reflective of what they're working towards. So, if, if we first start off with a floor bridge, and then we turn that into a bridge with a march or a single leg floor bridge, or bridge with a push and pull, you know, just add some variety and challenge to the hip. You know, you got it, not just have progressions, but also variations to set with that standpoint, because, you know, as we're talking about, it has to be done before the season starts, as well as in season, because, you know, that what it took for you to get healthy is what it's going to take for you to stay healthy. So, now, I mean, you're, you're a different machine after injury, and to get past and to progress, if you're, if you're, if your, if your high school kid, and you want to compete collegiate at the collegiate level, whether it's club or, you know, for the school, then, you know, you're going to have to do more things than somebody else when it comes to just having to, you know, keep the integrity that you work so hard to get, but also, I mean, your body's different now, and you're competing at a even higher level than where you were before. So, no one just wants to compete at the same level, right? For those people that I'm, that I have a mind right now that, that are competitive, just in their own mentality, and in their persona. So, from there, it's just, you know, you have to keep interest and interest is kept by showing progression, right? If they're improving their body, they're, they're improving their play. Is what I like, is what I like to kind of, the motto I like to throw at them. Love it. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, and that very ability is so important. Yeah. As well, you know, we, we think about progressing individual exercises, and that's one piece of it, but very, varying the types of exercises, you know, that variability is what, what leads to adaptability as well. So, super important. You know, I think, and you, you just alluded to this, but, you know, when it comes to individuals, all individuals involved in sports and physical activity, you know, it's advisable for them to participate in a multi-component of preventive program. However, what that said, those are who are active in particular sports. Let's say, you know, those that involve landing, jumping, cutting tasks, you know, field sports, basketball, you know, sports, particularly female athletes, young female athletes should be targeted specifically for injury prevention training, because they're either at a relatively high risk for a steel injury, or they may be in a greater potential for benefit, right? So, if they're, you know, I think that's being so what you use your motto, you know, you're improving your body, you're going to be improving your sport and your performance. And then, and then, as mentioned before, previous injuries, the biggest risk factor for for future injury, and so anybody with with such a history should be a target for that type of program. And, you know, needs to be integrated into their overall program. So, you know, without it's, let's get into some programming. What, what do you got? Pro, I mean, you know, going back to the anatomy lesson that we had earlier in this, that's called, you know, just just figuring out, okay, you know, you know, just getting to the hand hamstrings is a big one. I'd say it's not, may not be the end all beyond just because, you know, based on what the hamstring where it is and what it does. I mean, it's a very influential area. And it's one of those conversations that I have a lot more often with parents, you know, parents always talk about hamstring hamstring. And when I do have these conversations with parents, no one would really talk about quad quad quad as much as, actually, that may be a different experience for you, Tony, but I like to, I like to bring up the hamstring just because of how it does influence. A lot of what we just discussed as far as, you know, the knee-vlogged issues that may pop up excessive anterior pelvic tilt, things like that. So, when it comes to inhibitions standpoint, the form roller or some kind of inhibited inhibitory tool is going to be a big part of how you prep for movement as well as, you know, warm down after, you know, post-activity. So, getting into inhibition just as a summary of what we discussed the corrective exercise strategies, you want to free up motion first. So, if there's a particular joint that you need to emphasize as far as, okay, well, what's restricted and what do we need to, you know, increase as far as range of motion goes because it's one of those things that my dad taught me early is like, if it's, if it's it's supposed to move and it's not moving, what do you do? WD40. And if it's moving and it's not supposed to move, you know, you have duct tape, right? So, those two things. So, here we have, you know, inhibition. So, we got, we have to get the muscles to relax, you know, through that, you know, auto-genic inhibition, getting the muscle to relax with sustained pressure and again, it can be facilitated different ways depending on the modality that you're using. So, whether you're using just a static roller or something like the Hyper-Eyes Viper, which now incorporates vibration and can help elicit, not just relaxation response, but, you know, an altering or a changing and fluid dynamics that can help improve range of motion because, you know, and I know you've seen it, Tony, to where if I can inhibit or get somebody who's showing me 40 degrees on a go-neometer for their 90-98 knee extension, you know, I'm not surprised if I get 10-12 more degrees just by following itself, right? So, if I can get more degrees of freedom from, in that example, the the biceps fat, if that's the area I'm going to help the size to get better knee extension, which again contributes to triple extension, you know, relative to sprinting and jumping, now I've allowed the joint to open up, which now allows better recruitment of the opposing muscle group. So, the first thing relative to, again, it's all get to depend on what the assessment results are going to show you, right? So, if the these are coming in, I'm going to look at, you know, the out-of-hand string, I'm looking at the TFL, I'm looking at the the piriformis, right? So, working on the glutes, the ad-doctor complex, outer-hand string, outer-lower-hand string, and the, you know, the outer calf, the outer gastroxolia is complex, just, you know, just to kind of simply put and just to pick on one compensation, but another point that we also brought up last week is that as far as compensation goes, it's never just one compensation and nothing else exists, they're usually compounding or what I heard one of our other instructors call, you know, a layering of compensations one above the other. So, when it comes to observing the assessment results, whatever the assessment may be, overhead squat, single-exquat, just to pick two, then I'm going to pick which one is showing me, you know, the the most gross deviation from what we might consider normal. Yep. So, so as far as the inhibitory effect of corrective exercise, that would be the first thing, and it's usually the easiest thing to address because you're leaving it up to the to the ass later, the client to, okay, you find your spot, or you tell me where you're experiencing a little bit more tenderness and then that's the spot you're going to hit and stay on until that area relaxes. So, to pick on the knee, you know, a lot of times, you know, whether it's assessment driven as far as the muscles that I pick, or if they just happen to be exploring other areas, and then they experience tenderness, the aspect of, you know, foam rolling or self-mouth-assual technique, itself is an assessment as well. And don't think we brought that up last week. And then, you know, anything else add onto that, to that first step? No, man, that was awesome. That was great. Yeah, and yeah, it was, wasn't. So, the whole part of it is now to microtropop microtropop microtropop. I'm out. You know, now getting the static stretch to complement what it is that you just, that you just relaxed, or you allow that relaxation response. And now, now it's time to take advantage of that, of that relaxed state, or that greater range of motion, you're not going to get the resistance as much now if you were to incorporate the static stretch. Although, if somebody, or an athlete, due to some condition or another, is not qualified, or it's a contraindication to use self-mouth-assual techniques, you're just going to have to go straight into static stretching to address the length limitations when it comes to a particular joint. So, from that standpoint, getting into, you know, standing calf stretch, if it happened to be, you know, a coinciding lateral gastroccolius, overactivity, vantage point, or standing adductor stretch, which winds up being a big part. But the, you know, a hip flexor stretch winds up being, you know, a pretty vital component. And again, in the context of adolescence, you know, here we are at this point in time, you know, everybody's home schooling, and there's spending more time behind a computer, you know, they're not up and active as much, they're not walking between classes. So, they may spend more time behind a computer or a screen. So, just, you know, looking at life as it relates to sport, activity, they are in a more hip flex position. So, opening up the hips to allow greater hip extensions, which allows the need to, to do what it needs to do, from a flexion extension and not necessarily, you know, have a hamstring that's undermoving and now restricting motion from that, from, for more proxmal versus a distance, vantage point. So, flexibility, routine, again, specifically to the adolescent, you know, we, in school and wanting to run and play, you need to look at both what's happening outside of what they're doing in sport to figure out from a program design standpoint, what can be or should be implemented to account for the whole person and not just the sport, which is what we tend, what we tend to forget as personal trainers or strength coaches, we just think about, okay, what are you going to do when you're playing, right? And I'm sorry, what you're doing, the other 22 hours out of the day that we need to look at. Anything else on that, Tony? Yeah, I think, you know, one area would be the, the doctor magnus specifically, you know, the doctor magnus is less of an add doctor, particularly the posterior, posterior fibers, or posterior head of the doctor magnus, along with that long head of the biceps femoris can limit hip internal rotation, which, you know, we certainly want to address. So, if you see that, in your mobility assessments, you see that limitation and hip internal rotation, that add doctor magnus could be an area that you'd want to, you focus on with your flexibility, inhibit and lengthen strategies, because I can have a direct impact on the knee, and then I can't recall if you said it or not, but the calf complex, again, if you've determined that ankle mobility is influenced, what happens at the knee, that's going to be a big one as well. Yeah. Yep. And, you know, the one thing for personal trainers out there, don't be surprised, and this is where things get cut short when it comes to the rehab process, is that you'll have clients and athletes that feel better just by getting range of motion. So, if you know, sometimes the mentality is in the conversation, I have to have with, with just clients in general, is that, you know, you've got this range of motion, and you've decreased the stress at a given area, and that's awesome. However, now you have all this, what we call, or it can consider naive range of motion. You have all that range of motion, but your brain and your body doesn't know how to coordinate it, doesn't know how to control it, and, you know, from a muscular control standpoint, if you're not confident, if the brain or how you strategize, you know, movement, if there's lack of confidence in you getting so much range of motion, it's just going to take it all back. So, this is where now getting into the next step, which is now the strengthening, compartment strengthening component of program design is important because, you know, they sometimes just because they feel better, they think that's all they need. And flexibility is the key, but unless you teach the body how to use that range of motion and control that range of motion, and be strong with that range of motion, you're going to lose it again, because, you know, as I'm sure you've heard millions of times, is that I stretch and I stretch and I stretch, but I'm still tight. Yeah, I know whatever, whatever tight means, right? Well, you just stretch, you try to get all this length, but you try to use it and your brain says, ah, or not go in there, because you're going to get hurt with all that extra, you know, degrees of freedom. So, the next step being strengthening some kind of activation or upregulating of how we use the muscles. So, now, again, the knee being the dumb cousin to the, to the hip above and the ankles below. Now, I've got to teach the foot knuckle, how to be strong and stable or stable and strong, and I've got to teach the hip to do the same thing. So, that now, with whatever freedom, we've given to the knee or the hip, depending on what this function is showing itself, you've only got half the picture, right? You've got the outline, but we haven't colored anything in. Yeah. So, what do you do from a strengthening standpoint? Well, do you recommend in this scenario, Ken? Yeah, so from that vantage point, it is about, you know, strengthening up, you know, all the foot inverters, you know, whatever the assessment goes again, this is a lot more a lot bigger conversation when we start talking about specific compensation patterns. But that's where the solutions table, that's provided on the NES and website, definitely comes into play to help you understand, okay, well, what are some options to help activate those muscles that have not been doing their job, but the quick and easy hitters are, you know, basically the complex, so, I mentioned the sidelines straight leg raise is a big one, because, you know, I've had 300 pound minemen that just the weight of their massive thighs alone was enough to wear, you know, you get four reps into it with a 3, 2, 1 tempo or 4, 2, 2, they're sweating, right? Because now they have to lift the leg, right? They have to loudly raise the leg, but I'm telling them to, you know, keep that spine in a neutral position, act, you know, pull in the belly button, a little bit, just show me you've got some control over that midsection, now raise that leg and they are sweating, right? They're like, you know, they're, they're, they're raising their leg like maybe four, three or four inches, right? And that's enough. So, the sidelines straight leg weighs winds up being, you know, a lot more challenging if you're going to do a full 15 to 20 reps at a very slow tempo. And then, of course, you have your bridge and your bridge variations, right, to help with hip extension. So, you know, things like that, I mean, if you're talking about the VMO, terminal knee extension or TKE as it might be abbreviated from a physical therapist, if they are handing off to you as a strength coach or personal trainer. So, you know, that's just, you know, the end range of knee extension to strengthen that verb, put more emphasis on the, that immediate, of asses media out of the week. So, to pick on three, you know, areas or three muscle or pick on exercises, be the ones I see most often when it comes to reconditioning of the knee specifically. What else would you add? I know you've got a lot of experience with with that as well. Yeah, no, that's, I'm right there with you. And I think, you know, one of the things we mentioned is progressing programming, but there's also, there also may need be an need for regression, right? So, you mentioned the linemen who can only lift their leg for five reps before they compensate, you know, you may have clients where you might need to regress that particular exercise. And so, a regression might be like a clam shell. Or maybe you change their, you change their body position relative to gravity where they're doing, you know, a resisted abduction exercise prone or supine with, with a different type of resistance. You know, we tend to get caught up. Well, you know, this particular exercise showed, you know, greatest EMG activity in a particular study. It doesn't, it doesn't make the, the other exercise is that didn't have the highest EMG activity completely ineffective, right? So, just because a clam maybe doesn't have as much EMG activity as a sideline leg raise when it comes to the gloop media, it still may be a better option for that client to be able to execute with optimal form and technique and endurance and then you progress them to the the sideline leg raise. Once they establish competency and in the ability to do it, you need to do so. Just keep that in mind as well. We talk a lot about progression, but make sure that you are looking at regressions when when appropriate and then, you know, specifically, you know, I think the hamstrings, if you were going to target the hamstrings, the those, trivial internal rotators. So, again, just reinforcing, you know, eccentric hamstring, stiffness, so the ability to desalorate knee extension, you know, there's a center just like a fact there we're looking at, let's say, the ACL in particular, centers just like a fact with the hamstrings in that regard and being able to provide some protection of the ACL. And then modifying the foot position to to bias the, the, to be an internal rotator. So, you know, let's say you're doing a stability ball leg curl, you know, you can turn the toes in slightly to to get more of the semi's versus the, the biceps femoris. Or if you're progressing your client in order, variations changing the amount of hip flexion, changing the the foot position, as all going to influence the the activity of certain muscles and so depending on what your assessment shows and what you feel your, your client needs to work on, you know, those are all modifications that you can make to the technique in order to, to get the outcomes at G1. So, and then just core stability overall just proximal core stability has been shown to be very effective in helping to improve and improve lower extremity alignment and control during functional tasks. So, right, just kind of looking at the the entire system. But yeah, right, that's all I've got there. So, then yeah, then what do we get into? Then integration, right, and just kind of putting it out together. And since we're talking about return to performance, it's not just about, you know, you know, what you might see in a lot of NASM's collateral or their, or their content where it's, you know, it's a balance exercise, especially when talking about corrective exercise, or even stability training. But because we now have to consider the sport that the person is playing or participating in now, we have to have it. This is where we start to make it look feel smell, like the activity that they're trying to work towards. So, so when it comes to an integration, you know, we're, you know, typically we're talking about, let's say something like a side lunge to balance or say starting off even more remedial than that is a balance in a lateral reach. So, if I'm trying to recruit more of my, my hip abductors, right, so if I'm trying to incorporate more of my hip abductors, so it's a single leg balance with a lateral reach. I'm just reaching out to either three o'clock or nine o'clock depending on, you know, which leg I'm using. So, you know, that's where we might start. But from that standpoint, that might turn into a balance and step, you know, right, balance on balance on the right side and balance there, then step to the left. So, now we start to incorporate a little bit more of a transitional, you know, recruitment pattern, you know, just going left to right maybe for incremental timeframes, like 10 seconds, you know, we're from just a balance at maybe 30 seconds. He creates that to 20 seconds before you shift onto the other side, 10 seconds shift to the other side, five seconds shift to the other side and just gradually decreasing the amount of time of balance and then, and then increase. So, now, therefore, you are increasing the amount of transitions left to right. Again, that's progressing over time. But just to give you some insight on how that might look. You know, maybe it's Monday is we're just a single leg balance for 30 seconds on each side and then Monday of the next week and that's their homework, right? So, Monday of the next week, it's a single leg balance for 20 seconds, but now shift onto the other side. So, now you're adding a transitional component. So, when we take that integration from that corrective exercise strategy as NSM teaches it through its protocol. Now, to perform better, now we have to make moves that get them in positions and teaching them stability or isometric stability and eccentric loading into positions or directions that they may typically move into during the place. So, if you're a short stop, we want to work on more lateral, you know, lateral motions or if anything, you know, turning 270 degrees, you know, turning around and changing direction that way and adding that into the, let's say, a balance component. So, you know, again, when you look at the continuum, slow it a fast, you know, adding complexity as the person earns their way. But, you know, one point that we did not make last week and something that I do incorporate when I do work with athletes that are coming back into play is the fact that, you know, if there's, if there's any kind of association between the movement that they're doing with pain, we, we again, have to put on our training hats and, you know, and we might have to be creative in that we have to figure out ways that we talk about variability of getting them to move into positions or directions and it speeds that don't provoke pain as well, right? So, and that's what's going to affect recruitment, not just, you know, I don't want to go there, but the brain's going to have some affinity to going in certain directions at certain speeds from certain body position. So, and that's a concept I picked up from our buddy Anthony Kerry down in San Diego. It's like, you know, you want to incorporate movements and patterns that aren't provocative to the association with pain either, right? So, not just about how to recruit or what to recruit, but it's also getting them to move with confidence without previous association with what it was that possibly got them hurt or whatever their brain associates with. Okay, I got hurt doing this last time, right? Or I was in this position last time while I don't want to be in that position this, so I'm going to avoid it altogether. So, kind of tricking, you know, the person how to get there without going there, you know, so you're just kind of doing around about. So, integration and strengthening exercises, how we incorporate recruitment and movement strategies has to be just built up gradually, but also we kind of have to watch out for those, those, you know, those caution flags, you know, of what somebody might affiliate with, how they got hurt to begin with. Yeah, no doubt. Yeah. Cool. And then, you know, once you progress that integration, step, you know, you get more into performance oriented drills, and, and the like, you know, what, what would you do in that sense? What are some things that you would, you would address? You know, as far as, you know, getting them more into performance, you know, if I can get them, I mean, for one, you know, if we're talking about, you know, speed agility and quickness, getting them into the environment. So, there's been timing, there's a partner by where I've taken my athletes outside. So, if they play on grass, I'll get them on grass. So, they feel the different texture, you know, just the smell of grass, you know, just to get them, you know, to see the light at the end of the tunnel. But, you know, to get them into that environment, whether or not, you know, we're still doing regressed exercises and strengthening program, just to get them to that environment, get them into the psychological mode of, okay, well, now I can play, right? But, you know, implementing just like we talked about last week, you know, what are the, what's the gear that they need? What are the, what are the tools? What kind of, am I using a low cross stick, a low cross ball of football is soccer ball, volleyball, things like that, not saying that if I'm working with a swimmer, who's gotten issues on me, a splash water on him. But, I just wanted to get them to get them to have the same feel for, for what it is that they're doing. So, if it's a soccer player or a kicker, get them used to, doing some maybe, you know, some balance work with that cross rotational pattern of that kicking of their dominant or maybe even non-dominant kicking leg, along with having some kind of, you know, contrary motion or opposing motion and rotation through the upper body. So, you know, that's just an example. So, I just wanted to get to start to look feel smell like what it is that they're doing and one of the first things they do is implement the tools or the implement, that's involved with the sport that they play. Yeah. That's great. That's a start. Cool. All right. But one more thing is, if it's a matter of, if there's context, you know, adding perturbations, so I might tap them lightly on the shoulder or the hip or, you know, from different directions while they're performing a certain drill. So, so getting that little that stimulus that helps, you know, create that ability to react and dynamic stabilize when they're doing something as well. So, if it's a high context sport, you know, that that touch is going to greatly increase over time. People don't realize how much contact is in basketball or in soccer. So, there's going to be a lot of perturbation or added, you know, uninticipated contact. Again, within reason, and, you know, of course, you have to be responsible with that. I'm not going to, like, blind sight somebody and give them a form to the throat. But I'm going to get on something to think about when it comes to, okay, this is what it's going to look and feel like, you know, just a little reminder, especially if they've been out for a season or something like that, or if they've had a long rehab process, just to get them re-acquainted with what their body's going to go through from a reactive standpoint. Yeah, absolutely. And, you know, to that, to that end, those are things that you can do with some of your lower-level integration exercises as well. You know, just to enhance that reactive neuromuscular control, you know, some of these doing a single leg RDO, single leg one, touchdown, step ups, hops. If they're on a slide board, I mean, you can initiate some of those perturbations to be able to get them to react and respond appropriately. Exactly, exactly. Okay. All right. So, anyway, lots of things you know on there. Yeah, there is. So, I think that might be a great place to stop. Yeah. Awesome stuff. And I certainly learned a lot. Always do when I'm when I'm talking with you, Ken. Same way, same way your man. To those of you listening, as we mentioned at the top of the hour, any questions, comments, please leave them for us below. And if we don't get to them in real time, we'll address them in at the top of the next episode. So, you know, as always, thanks so much for tuning in. We really appreciate you and the opportunity to interact with you. So, Ken, thank you so much. Yeah. Thank you, Tony. Great time. Yeah, look forward to the forward and next time. Take care everyone.