Hi, welcome back. Many times when clients come to us for help, they are looking to achieve a goal. I want to be stronger. I want to become a better athlete. I want to be thinner. They come in focused on the outcome they want to attain, and they don't necessarily consider who they would need to become in order to achieve it. This is a big gap, however, because our self identity describes who we are. It describes the way we think of ourselves and whether things fit with our image of me or if they feel more like not me. Now who we are determines the choices we make? Determines what we value, and what we decide to do. For example, if we identify as a person who hates exercise or only eats fast food, then no matter how badly we want the weight loss, it will be really hard to achieve that as an outcome. Because the person who has to make the choice day after day to eat healthier and to move their body isn't likely to choose those behaviors, and ultimately won't reach that that outcome. The challenge we all face is the community that we use to describe ourselves, rest directly in the unconscious or the fast-bring side of things. Meaning that if we don't have a lot of time or mental resources, or we are feeling overwhelmed or stressed, we will end up automating decisions based on who we've always been, and not necessarily choose ones that align with who we want to become. Oh, me? Yeah, I don't run if it's under 40 degrees outside. Me and I'm feeling stressed. I'm going to the pantry to grab the cookies instead of working out. Well, say things to ourselves like, this is too much. This feels too hard. I can't make this happen. Now, one of the best strategies you can use with clients who want to make change is to have them spend some time considering who they are currently, and who they would need to become in order to achieve the goals that they've set out to themselves. This allows them to consider what types of behaviors or responses that they would need to choose in order to reach their goals. Do they need to start eating more fruits and vegetables? Or are they going to have to start getting more sleep in order to feel arrested and have the energy for their workouts? Well, they need to limit how much time they spend watching television to get more movement in, or maybe they need to stop hanging out with some friends as frequently as they do. Then, once they've identified what they need to do, you can strategize with them using the conscious slow part of their brain on how they might make that happen. You know, maybe they can make sure that they always keep a set of workout clothes in their car so that they have the ability to go to the gym after work. Maybe they decide that they're going to have to keep the cookies out of the house and just go outside for periodic treats and set up saying that they won't eat them. The other piece of knowing who your client desires to become and what responses they want to choose is that you can help them move in the smallest possible direction toward that new identity. When we choose tiny habits that move toward who we want to become, while still staying in alignment with who we are currently, then we're much more likely to stick with the change because it doesn't feel so drastically different. So what you're going to do is to pass through your degree of check in and broccoli may not be possible for someone who identifies themselves as a veggie heater or a fried chicken fanatic. Someone who dislikes exercise may not be on board with a program that will require them to do five workouts a week. Maybe that veggie heater can agree to eat one piece of broccoli each day or that person who doesn't necessarily like to work out can agree to two workouts a week. If we know what they think is possible and we help them identify small shifts that they can make that move them toward that direction, we can help move them toward their new identity and ultimately their goals. Small changes don't trigger discomfort, fear, or other feelings of, I can't do this, this is too hard and therefore they end up leading to greater adherence and success. We'll talk more about how to apply this with the Mishrushen recommendations in the next video, but for now, know that it's important to think about who your clients want to become and how they can take small steps to move toward that image by having them pick manageable changes that they can do. And with your support of course it'll be easier to reach the outcome goals they desire. We'll see you in the next video.