Welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast. My name is Rick Riching and I'm so happy to have you here today. We're a few minutes behind getting on board, but that is something that we hope that you'll stick around for because we have such a wonderful guest with us today. Her name is Dr. Allison Brager and she has been an absolute gym for NASM as a subject matter expert and she has supported us in several ways. And today we're going to be talking about sleep and sleep hygiene and sleep hygiene. I mean, I'll defer to her, but it does mean a lot more than just washing your sheets or bathing before you go to bed. So I cannot wait to get into this conversation and I'm going to just bat it over to Allison. And Allison, please just tell us about yourself who you are, what you do, how you've contributed to NASM and then we're going to get into the sleep conversation. Yeah, sure, absolutely. So I, this such a joy to work with NASM. Somebody years ago once told me to plan your career around your lifestyle and not your lifestyle around your career. And I've been lucky enough to do that pretty much my entire career so far. So I am a neuroscientist. I was in school for about 14 years. My PhD did a few fellowships. You know, if you want to talk about my specific area of expertise, it's actually looking at sleep genetics. So identifying new biological factors, mostly genetic factors that control how much sleep you need, but also particularly how well an individual handle sleep deprivation or stress. Believe it or not, there are a handful of genes that just make some people more resilient to sleep deprivation than others. And so, you know, it's really no surprise that when we're talking about high performers and elite athletes and even government positions as people, we believe sort of self-select due to their, you know, unique biological makeup. So that aside, I have been able to leverage this work to help the US military. I do a lot of research related to selection and ascession purposes. Again, looking more at the elite performers of the military and sort of putting people into positions that goes with their biology instead of fighting against it. But how I got involved with NASM 2 is I myself, I'm still an elite athlete. You know, even at the age of 36, I still tried to compete at the highest level. Most recently, it was in CrossFit, but I also do a Master's Track and Field. I was a four year versity athlete in Track and Field at Brown University. And then I found CrossFit and I've competed in the CrossFit games a few times in regionals to. So that's really, you know, again, just marrying my lifestyle with my career. It makes every day at work feel like a vacation and less like work. Okay, Allison, I'm just going to say that for somebody, I've been a good education. You've spent years in school. You are in elite athlete. You make it seem like I've done nothing with my life. So honestly, like this time's crazy. I'm just trying to keep up with all my college teammates. So a few of my college teammates have like SPs and MAs and like literally very like the kings and queens of the arts and entertainment industry. So one of my teammates is the V-digs who is like one of the leads and the play Hamilton. So you say who I'm competing with. Yeah, I'm like a couple of years. I love him. Love him. Yeah. Yeah. So hey, I want to talk about first of all, you're still active in the military or what you do and you're supporting the military. Can you just go into that briefly and then let's talk about sleep and what you've done with the military because I think that there's probably some sleep deprivation that takes place. Yeah. And then get into this conversation about sleep pretty deep and how it can apply to all of us in our clients as well. Yeah, sure, absolutely. So I like to, there's this term that was coined a few years ago. I think by Tim Ferriss and Ben Greenfield called Biohacking. And I think for years that's more or less what we as military scientists try to do is Biohack physiology. And so in order to do that, you have to fully understand it down from, you know, macroscopically at the level of behavior all the way down to the cell. And so that's something we've done in terms of discovering new factors in the brain or even outside of the brain that regulates sleep. So actually one of my claim to themes in the sleep deal. And it's like one of those discoveries I had years ago that will stick with me for the rest of my career is I actually identified a protein and skeletal muscle that has the ability to regulate how much sleep and organism needs. So for years, we always thought that sleep is like by the brain of the brain and for the brain, but it turns out that there is a the sleep set point actually lies in the skeletal muscle. And so it makes sense why there are such close parallels between how much sleep athletes need versus how much sleep the general population needs. Oh, I wish I could just hijack the screen with a blown my mind and mode to the right now. Yeah, right. Oh, no, I've never heard of such a thing. Yeah, well, it's one of those things that you know, like how we report our findings is very not I wouldn't say amenable to like the general public and that's our own disservice as scientists. It's like I don't think we do the best job but public advocacy. But I think as years go on more and more if this information will get out into the general population. But I will say this discovery took about 10 years. So it wasn't just me, it was a team and we, you know, for 10 years tried to identify this protein factor and we found it and, you know, we're still like investigating how it works and everything again from the level of cell all the way up to behavior. But, you know, it's things like that that we apply to the military because, you know, at the end of the day, we like to study sleep under conditions asleep deprivation because let's be real myself as a soldier myself. You're not going to get adequate sleep when you're deployed. I actually, I just came back from New York City so I got called out to run the COVID-19 testing lab at the Jacob Javitz Convention Center. And, you know, and it was a tough balance between working 92 hours a week but then also making sure I was getting enough sleep so that my immune system wouldn't tank and I want to get infected myself. But, you know, those are, again, those are things in the military that we have to have to further study as how well do people perform under sleep deprivation, what happens to physiology under sleep deprivation and then how can we fix it? So as you can imagine one of the things we've worked closely in in the military is with caffeine because let's be real. Nobody, you know, can pound some caffeine like a soldier. And, you know, athletes too, exactly. You know, to this day, I think caffeine is one of the best performance enhancing drugs if it's done right. So we've actually done studies in the military to show that if you consume too much caffeine, it's not a good thing. So it actually ruins any sort of sensitivity you have to caffeine and then too, it's all about when you take the caffeine as well as the source. Okay, so let's talk about what is too much because I know some people and I'm not naming names. I don't know who they are, but you might have a little too much caffeine. Where and how is that line drawn? So it's not so much your daily total intake. It's a amount, the amount you take at a particular time. So literally, we've done these studies for decades. You know, many different schedules of manipulation of caffeine dosing and we found that the body can't take in more than 200 milligrams at a time. So about 200 milligrams is less caffeine than an energy drink. So you can see where I'm going here with this. One of many reasons why energy drinks are terrible for you and they do nothing but harm your body. So I would say 200 milligrams is about two cups of strong coffee because a cup of strong coffee has about 80 milligrams of caffeine. So those, you know, athletes, personal trainers who are taking free workout, those have over 500 milligrams of caffeine. Oh, my goodness. It is doing, again, nothing but harm to your body because that extra 300 milligrams of caffeine, you're essentially just pissing out for lack of better terms. So yeah, we have found that every four hours for about as long as you need, if you're doing 200 milligrams at a time, you should be good to go. Now, for somebody who just wants to sustain throughout the day, you should stop your caffeine intake around early evening. So about five or six PM. But if you're just thinking, you know, minds at four o'clock, that's that's my cut. Beautiful. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, beautiful. But for somebody like a soldier who perhaps has to be up, you know, for 24, 40, sometimes 72 hours on end, which I've jumped myself and medical professional and firefighter is like, yeah, anyone at first responder medical, anyone at one who has this high risk, high fast-paced job where any, you know, laps in judgment is the difference between life and death. Every four hours consuming 200 milligrams will get you will help prevent sort of any decline in your physical and mental performance. So I have a, have a guy I used to know that if he slept in a few hours, he would wake up with a headache because he was just he was so, you know, I don't know. What is that? Is an addiction or withdrawal? What's going on there with that caffeine, the lack of caffeine headache there? So, yeah, we've become tolerant to caffeine and just like any other drug addiction, as soon as you don't have it, one of the first things that happens is you have this vasoconstriction, especially in your brain. And it, you know, that's like the sign of any sort of drug withdrawal because at the end of the day, caffeine is a drug. Another reason why he may be waking up with headaches is actually dehydration. So I know there's a lot of snake oil, salesmen, and charlatans out there who say you shouldn't drink water before you go to bed. That is completely false. You do secrete this hormone called anti-diorotic hormone in the middle of the night that prevents you from waking up to go pee, but you should always hydrate because think about it, you're depriving up your body of water for at least eight hours. And if you're sleeping in, so you're extending your sleep to 10 hours, you're going to be even that much more dehydrated when you wake up in the morning. And I also assume if it's a little bit warmer in your room, let's say that you just can't keep it as cool and the summer, as you do in the winter, then you probably sweat a bit more when you're sleeping. Yeah. So that's probably effective. That is sleep hygiene tip 101 is always sleeping in a cool room. And there's actually a biological reason for it. So, as we progress through the stages of sleep throughout the night, the deepest restorative stages of sleep are called deep slow wave activity sleep and then REM sleep, which is the stages sleep we dream. And in order to enter REM sleep fully, you have to have a drop in your core body temperature. So, as you can see, if you're sleeping in a hot or a less optimal room temperature wise, you're actually preventing your body from going into the deepest stages of REM because your core body temperature is not going to effectively drop. Now, I've had this conversation with several people and have been fortunate enough to work and have wonderful conversations with some sleep researchers. And they're pretty gentle about this because I can't sleep people talk about 68 degrees or something like that. Down even to 62 degrees. And my question is, if people cover up and they're sleeping in a cold room, but then they're putting the covers on, isn't it still warmer than 68 degrees? Like, what is, and then if I can't tolerate it because I do not sleep well being cold, then that seems to affect my sleep as well. Is that just something that my body should adapt to? Well, I mean, just like you have heat tolerance and cold tolerance, your body will eventually adjust to sleeping in a cool room. Regardless of the time of year, we say, between 68 and 72 degrees and then with like a thin sheet. So no comforter. But in your case, one of the things you might try, and I, you know, a friend of mine started doing this like 10 years ago and then I started doing it and then again, there's no signs to support it because it's not like anyone would ever find this study. But like sleeping naked is like something that like I've recommended to people and once they do that, like people in your situation who say they can't sleep in a cold room, try sleeping naked. It will change your life. I can't. Because I'm actually actually a journalist. I can't even speak about a shirt on. I get so cold. And here's the thing, like I'll go to bed hot and I'll take a shirt off and then I'll wake up freezing. I'll wake up freezing. So, you know, I understand my, my, my, my business partner at recover, who's also an annesium instructor, Aaron Drugsesky. He has a chili pad. So he's sweet. Yeah. That had that cool to him off all night long because I think his wife is probably more like me. And so in order for him to get the coolness, he needs. He's got the chili pad underneath him. Well, you know, everyone is different. And then just goes to show, you know, that's why our job is never like one size fits at all. And that's something we do with our military. And some of the athletes I work with too is like it's very individualized. Like even, like, you know, we talk about sleep disorders. There are different spectrums that, you know, especially with athletes. So. Well, I want to do something. Is that I got to shout out to somebody that has actually increased the awareness to the public about sleep, sleep, sleep, health, and sleep hygiene, which is Arianna Huffington. Yeah. She did such a remarkable job of taking what you're doing right now and presenting it to the public. Yeah. She researched it. She's the person of the Huffington Post, Arianna Huffington. But she really brought this out. And now we're seeing consumers consuming a lot of the information that you're talking about. And then we get people who've written books like Matthew Walker, why we sleep and some other researchers who are putting out kind of general population friendly content so that we can consume that information. Exactly. And so that's actually something I myself have personally shifted to in the last five or six years is, you know, training scientists to make their research, like their messages and minimal to the public. That's actually a skill set that we teach now at professional development workshops. And it's something that you have to work really hard at because it's really easy, just like, you know, like, physical trainers, they have their own specific way of programming for a client. But then they have to, you know, as they're doing the programming, they might know what all the jargon and acronyms and like the formulaic things for programming on their head. But that's not how they're going to communicate it to their client. And scientists need to recognize and do the same thing where, yeah, so this protein factor I discovered, it's called brain and muscle aren't like factor one. Did you name that? No, it's actually, it was, it was named and discovered. So the most recent Nobel Prize laureates who discovered the circadian clock in circadian rhythms, they're the ones who discovered it. And that's why they named it that is because it's highly expressed in the brain and the muscle. So it's expressed in most tissues of the body, but brain and muscle aren't like factor, is highly expressed in the brain and muscle. But it goes by BMO1 for short. But if I, you know, say BMO1 to the public, what the hell is that? You know, it's just, yeah. But yeah, and it's, I think it's wonderful what Ariana Huffington's doing, Matthew Walker's doing because you do have the other end of this spectrum, like, you know, one of our most like hated advocates in the field is Elon Musk. He loves to brag about how little sleep he gets. And it pains us that he's so highly accomplished. But you know what, me as a sleep geneticist recognize he probably self-selected for what he did because he has a short sleep gene. And we've identified genes and individuals who can get by with two to four hours of sleep a night and that's all they need. And it's probably no surprise that if you look at most US presidents, a majority of US presidents sleep under five hours a night. And if you look at top CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, it's same with them too. So again, it's in general, if you look at generals in the military, a lot of them sleep less than five hours too. I really think, you know, this through those high, high level positions you do. And unfortunately, your biology is sort of self-selecting you into them. Yeah, I'm one of the biggest issues that we've had at recover, which is recovery facility for athletic and cognitive stress. Our issue is that people wear their lack of sleep like a badge of honor. Yeah, as you can imagine in the military too, that's been, you know, that we're always fighting an uphill battle, especially with like combat arms units. Yeah. The medical side, we get it completely like we made sure in New York City that, you know, everyone had a great place to sleep and was getting at least seven hours a night. But then when I told my friends who were in combat arms, they were like, oh, of course our army medicine is going to know let their soldiers sleep more. Like, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, so our facility of recover is only about a quarter mile away from the jab at center where you guys did your setup and stuff. So if you're ever back that direction, I'd love to have you come over and visit us there. And we do a lot with sleep and sleep hygiene and trying to really get people involved and better understanding their sleep and supporting people with it. I do have, I do have, I guess right now at this point would be a theoretical question. And it has to do with adenosine. So from what I know, adenosine, oh, look at you, you've got the molecule tattooed on your world too. I do. Yes, I do. Oh, well, you might be the right person to ask this question too. Well, that is like in my area of specialty, that's all I focus on is adenosine. All my research over the past 15 years has been involved around adenosine. Okay. So here's what I have, my question is, I know for instance, when I am sleepy, right? Now I'm sleepy that we know that there is a buildup of adenosine that takes place and that caffeine is a blocker to those receptors or a bad. So it's blocking the adenosine. But yeah, here's the question. The question is, after I work out, I tend to not be so sleepy. Well, the adenosine is the same adenosine as adenosine triphosphate. Yep, are we somehow taking some of that adenosine that's in the brain and utilizing it for movement or exercise? So there actually is a paper that came out two years ago in a mouse model, looking exactly at that. It was published in like one of the most prestigious journals in the world. It's the proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. And that is exactly what they, you know. Exactly. Exactly. That's exactly what they found. So adenosine the brain. Yeah. Yeah, no, you are spot on. So that's exactly what it's called. Adenosine is produced in these anglia, the code Astrocytes. And then it's shuddled from the glia in order to be involved for cellular energies specifically in the brain. Well, these researchers found transporters that are able to facilitate transport from the brain into extra brain. So bodily areas that could be used as cellular energy substrate stores. And I'm actually going to take this a step further. So yes, one of the, one of the primary projects I try to get off the ground. As you know, with federal spending like what's hot and what's not changes frequently. So unfortunately, I haven't been able to do this study yet. But I have this theory about creatine, especially creatine supplementation being able to do something very similar to exercise where rapidly replenishes the ATP adenosine stores so that you require less sleep at night, but still be able to perform just as well the next day. And we've actually, there's a group in Canada who did a study relating it to cognitive performance where they found that doses of creatine supplementation. So doing a load up phase for two weeks and then doing the maintenance phase. When these individuals were sleep the price, they tended to have more stable mental performance because they had that extra adenosine and ATP to utilize from creatine stores instead of the traditional glycogen stores. Oh, this is fun. This is fun. All right. So I'm Tony, I could talk about, I can get into deep into the ways I could talk about adenosine all day. You are hitting my interest from so many levels just in regard to health science, which is what one of my degrees is in. So health science is very valuable and sleep has been not part of my formal education, but it is definitely something that I've stepped outside of my formal studies simply because in recovery and recover from injury, recover from stress, recover from athletic performance, recover from cognitive issues, sleep is highly important. So I want to talk about a few more things and then going to open it up to the people that are listening so if we have any questions. So yeah, three things kind of that I want to talk about one is light. I want to talk about light. I want to talk about red light. I want to talk about blue light, infrared light. What are some of the effects of light and what it has on sleep? So light is the primary driver in the nipulator of sleep. That's something that we have utilized in the research field and even in military science for years. And in order to keep people alert in awake at times when their body doesn't necessarily want to be. So blue light as we know is very alertness promoting. It actively causes the recruitment of alertness promoting neurochemical and even endocrine pathways at the brain and body. So you know for firefighter, for example, for those firefighters who are about to do the 24-hour shift and say they're going into work in the winter during short days, we recommend they have a blue light box as they're driving in the morning. Something to sort of coax their brain into staying alert during a time when their brain wants to be asleep. And it's the same throughout their 24-hour shift. There's been a shift in the culture in recent years where we're actually now outfitting fire stations and even locker rooms of athletes and even there's talk of maybe doing this and like the C130s on military planes where we're outfitting them with blue light technology that again is saturating the ice with this light and specifically activating alertness promoting pathways of the brain and body. Now red light is actually, we as humans are insensitive to red light. Actually, all mammals are insensitive to red light. So that's actually something when we do our sleep deprivation studies in weathers and humans are animals. Like we could be in a dark room and I could have like a small dim red light shining and your body in your brain won't actually react to it. So when it comes to red light, I think I want to say it has any benefit but like say you are somebody who for whatever reason you can't sleep at a dark in a dark room at night or say you just can't go to the bathroom in the middle of the night without flipping the switch. I would recommend like having like a red light or maybe like a red light and your bathroom. So that is your light source. So you're not again disrupting your sleep cycle by blasting your eyes with blue light. With infrared light, you know, I've gotten I've done a little bit more reading. I haven't done any research related to like IR, sonas and recovery. You know, the signs of it is very interesting because there are studies to show that it activates down to the mitochondrial and cellular substrate level. But myself personally, I haven't done enough research with that. So I think with infrared light, it probably falls into that same category as it's creatine supplementation where it's used more for replenishing cellular energy stores rather than like holistically facilitating recovery. Okay. Well, when you talked about the the blue light and the red light, one of the things that we've gotten, we had gone on vacation a few years ago to Mexico and we'd gotten this this light that we're going to use in the kids room as a nightlight. We plugged it in and light was blue and I told my wife, I'm not okay with the blue nightlight because the light is dead and it's for moving this. So can we can we shift it to something else? But what a lot of people may not know is that also blue light is a primary spectrum of light that comes from computer screens and comes from your cell phone. So for people who are trying to go to bed at night by staring into their computer screens, television screens or their phones, there may need to be a shift. Now what I have is a blue light blocking screen and it doesn't block all the blue light. But for me, that's going to be something a step, an active step that I take in order to limit the amount of blue light because I will look at my phone at night before bed. I try to keep my wife, my wife will be on the on the phone around the computer and she'll just be like, I can't fall asleep and I'm like, oh, it's a blue light. Yeah. No, it's, I mean, so there's two things. There's a blue light and then one of the worst habits you can ever get in to is watching TV from your bed. Like, nobody should have a TV in your bedroom. As we say, your bedroom, I mean, there's a psychology to sleep too. Your bedroom is for sleeping insects and that's it. Even in New York, so we were, we were staying in a hotel for two months. And I had to, I had this teeny tiny hotel room in Hell's Kitchen. We're at the Fairfield Marriott on 36th Street and it's beautiful, you know, 206 floors, but it's like such a tiny room. And I had to like treat, I was lucky at two beds. So I used to one bed as like my eating space and like working space and then I used the other bed for sleeping and then I had this little like workout corner, but I only ever was in my sleeping bed when I slept. Yeah, that sounds like my apartment and I have a family of five. So, oh, wow. So I had, so I have two more questions. One is I want to bring up my favorite word in sweet science and then I want you to talk about it. The super chiasmatic nucleus. The SCN. Yeah, so funny. It's so funny. You didn't know my research background. So that's like, you know, there's many aspects of sleep, but I pretty much did my dissertation work on looking at neurochemical actions of the SCN. No. And actually how drugs have abuse, like the reason why they're so bad for the sleep system, that's because they have active finding sites in the SCN, specifically for alcohol, cocaine, and fentanyl. So those are three classes of drugs that I looked at from my dissertation where I would directly infuse cocaine, alcohol, or fentanyl into the specifically into the SCN of rodents. I was going to say that in sound like it would pass an IRB. No, but there's a lot of, so what's beautiful about the SCN is there is, it's one of those brain areas that is conserved, highly conserved across evolution because it lies in the hypothalamus. And the hypothalamus is the endocrine controlling area of the brain that is at deep in the brain. And that's sort of how the brain was conserved across animal species is, you know, at the developed from the inside out, instead of the outside in. So, you know, regardless of, like, a mouse doesn't have a highly complex developed frontal cortex, like we do, the actions of the SCN in the hypothalamus act in a similar manner as to that in humans. And what's so cool about the SCN is its actions are independent of whether the animal is nocturnal or diurnal. That is controlled by a different brain area that has been identified over the years. But the SCN is, the reason why it's called the superchiasmatic nucleus for people who don't know is, is because it sits at the base of the optic chiasm. And so the optic chiasm is the point at which the optic nerves converge hence chiasm for Latin. And the SCN sits right above that. So, that in and of itself makes you recognize just how potent of a simulator light is for the SCN and downstream actions. Because that's really what it is, is the SCN is more or less like the motherboard. And then all the actions in terms of how it connects to the brain areas and how it signals areas outside of the brain is it's all controlled from the SCN. I love it. I love it. I love to see this is not just my favorite word, but it's some of my favorite information. Yeah, well, we know, I mean we've also known that it's super important from, again, animal studies where we've actually lesioned and it's like completely removed the SCN. And then also, a few human studies, there are people who have genetic mutations that specifically impact the, they're called voltage-gated receptors within the SCN. Basically, that means is they have to reach a certain electrochemical threshold in order to be activated. But there's some people who have a mutation of that and so their SCN does in function properly. And what is the byproduct of that? So it's usually something like along the lines of not delayed sleep face syndrome, but something like that like non-24 hour disorder. Yeah. Can you hear me? Yeah. Yeah. It is kind of the clock for that circadian rhythm, right? Like it's it's what keeps the pace. It's the pacemaker in a sense. Yeah. It is the pac, yes. It is the central pacemaker. That's exactly what we call it. Awesome. And then my last question before we open it up to other people. Sorry, other people that are listening, where I'm just, I'm rattling off questions because I love this topic so much. Can you speak to GABA? And what GABA is and it's effect on the body, the brain, and sleep? Yeah. Absolutely. So GABA is the primary neuro inhibitory chemical of the body in the brain. So it is an inhibitory signal. But it can also be an activating signal too. So if you have, if you remember from like basic physics, if you have a negative and a negative charge, those two negatives combine can create a positive reaction. So you could see from that in another self, how GABA is the most potent modulator of physiology. So GABA is released when we're transitioning from wake to sleep. So typically in the deepest restorative stages of sleep, we have really high GABA tone because again, like our, the GABA signals have to make sure that we're not active in terms of muscle tone. They also have to make sure that we're sort of somewhat removed from consciousness. We're sort of in the subconscious state, not unconscious state, but subconscious state. And as you know from the world of sleep medicine, GABA is the primary target of the most common existing hypnotics on the market. So ambient, Munesta, Senata, they all target specifically the GABA system. Alcohol is also actually a GABA agonist as well. So as you can see, it has huge effect. Oh yeah. There's also, let's go back to that about the alcohol because I think that, you know, some people will say this. Like, I'm having a hard time sleeping. I'm going to have some drinks to help me go to sleep. But one of the things that Matthew Walker talks about in his book and then Dr. Rebecca Robbins and I have had conversations about is that there's a difference between sleep and unconsciousness. And that alcohol can facilitate some unconsciousness, but you may not actually have these levels of sleep that you've talked about thus far. Exactly. So there's nothing wrong I think with having one and at most two drinks before you go to bed, because there is something about that level of GABA activation is enough to coach your brain into a state of sleep. Okay. Quick more quickly. But past two drinks, it's too much GABA. And it goes back to my point before about when you have GABA mixed with GABA, it's called disinhibition. So when you have an inhibitor that inhibits an inhibitor, it causes a positive reaction. And so that's essentially what happens with alcohol is you have too much inhibition which tips the scale into the positive direction. And so you're left with insomnia and set of being facilitated into sleep. Okay. And then final question I know I said the last one was the final question, but you had mentioned it earlier, not in our conversation, but via email you talked about sleep banking. Can you speak the sleep banking for a moment? Yeah sure. So this is a phenomenon that we sort of coined within the military about 10 years ago. So we have found that if you load people up on sleep, so you extend their sleep, in preparation for sleep deprivation, they are more likely to have a stable and okay performance across, I'm talking severe sleep deprivation. So you know where you're awake 40 to 60 hours. Just extending your sleep by an hour to an hour and a half for a week, can help somebody get through 40 hours of full on sleep deprivation more easily. And then it's actually a brief found healthy for your immune system too. So you know that was one of the things in New York City, I really emphasized through the soldiers. Under me is like hey like sleep with every opportunity you need. You know when we were working this 92 hour work weeks, like I let my soldiers nap inside, you know take turns to nap because I didn't want any of them getting sick. And you know fortunately we didn't have anyone get sick. So so does that, does that speak to the common phrase of sleep debt that you can overcome a sleep debt by sleeping more? Yes. So as we like to say, sleep is like a bank account, the more you put in, the more you can take out. But then also the more you take out, the more you have to put back in. So it's yeah it's the same concept. Gotcha. All right cool. I'm loving it. Let's let's shift it over to Greg. I know you don't have much time. So I'm going to try it or be really really really nice. Oh no worries. And I'm so sorry that everybody lists thing. That's asking questions. If you've asked questions because I have really bow guarded this entire conversation. But Greg, do we have any questions about sleep in the and the queue here? Yeah. John wants to know my wife's body heats up when she sleeps to the point that you can't even touch her. What would you say about that in terms of what's going on? So co-sleeping is one of the, I think a lot of it has to come, it goes back to co-sleeping. That's one of the things that we're sort of getting away from in society and going back to like the 1950s or people who's asleep separately. And it goes back to Rich's point, you know, his core body temperature responds very differently at night compared to my core body temperature. So the best piece of advice, I unfortunately have, it's not like the preferred solution, but to have her sleep in a separate room where she is the ability to adjust the ambient temperature more. So she can, you know, drop the temperature to 65 to probably 62 degrees. Perhaps invest in one of those chili pads. That's where I would start. And then Pamela wants to know, you know, what, all of the review. This is long, but what did your view on proper nutrition eating? And it's impact on getting the proper amount of sleep? That's an excellent question. So one of the things you want to avoid that we as humans are very guilty of is having sweets before you go to bed. I think that is the most disruptive to sleep more so than even alcohol. In the recent it's because it spikes our blood glucose levels. And when we're sleeping, we're going to sleep and transitioning into sleep at night. We actually want to see a decrease in our blood glucose levels on an increase. And then in general, you know, you want to avoid like spikes in your blood glucose levels throughout today anyway. So, you know, staying away from those simple carbohydrates, etc. If can we piggyback on that and then talk about just eating for sleep is there a kind of a best practice when it comes to eating. Regardless of the sweet sort of. So it's different for, as you know, athletes versus the general population. Intermittent and fasting, there's a lot of evidence to support it in terms of promoting lean muscle mass. And I think that is a good approach for the general population. Now, when it comes to elite athletes and people who are training for a competition, you actually do want to have carbs, you know, complex carbohydrates. Again, nothing with a high glycemic index that's going to spike your blood glucose. You want to have that before bed because, you know, and I certainly know is like that insomnia, you get in the middle of the night because your body's starving because it's just been your basal metabolic rate has just been so high from training. So with athletes, I think it's good to have something low on the glycemic index before you go to sleep. Now, I do a lot of people, especially high-perchiffy-based athletes that would crush protein prior to sleep. Does that make sense? Is that something that's a good practice? Yes, so actually protein is a good practice. Especially our keysen protein because it does have this low release, again, and it's not going to spike your blood glucose. And a lot of that actually is enriched with triptophan as well. And triptophan is one of the pre-cursors that can help facilitate sleep as well. A lot of over-the-counter herbal sleep supplements are actually saturated with triptophan. Okay. All right. And I know the people have heard triptophan because of Thanksgiving and things like that. The triptophan is actually in a lot of food, yeah. It is in a lot of meat. I can't remember which ones, but yes, you're absolutely right. It's just not limited to your Thanksgiving meal. Yeah, creatine is in a lot of meat, too, but the problem is the bioactive properties of creatine in terms of the volume you need. You're not going to get enough from it from red meat. You actually need to supplement. Because I think red meat, a pound of red meat, has like three milligrams of creatine, where three grams of creatine, whereas a supplement in order to have like a biologically advantageous effect, it has to be anywhere from five to ten grams. Excellent. Greg, do we have any other questions out there? Yeah, Melissa wants to know. She says, I find I sleep so much better when I wake up naturally rather than with an alarm. Is that a common thing? Absolutely. And usually that is because you're transitioning out of REM sleep. So when it comes to sleep, there's, you know, the 90-minute sleep cycle, where you go from a state of wake to non- REM sleep to REM sleep. And we know from years of research that it's much easier to stay alert when you're coming out of REM sleep and then transition back to a state of wakefulness than to be woken up out of the stage of non- REM sleep. It has to do with, without getting deep into the weeds, the turning on and off of different neurochemical pathways. All right. What else you guys are? And the final one we have here in the chat is Scott says, I find that I have more sleep disturbances or lower sleep efficiency overall in the spring. Is that potentially due to energy season or other considerations? It could be due to allergies. Yeah, so the histamine system is a alertness promoting system. And so allergies activate the histamine system. It actually could also be due to the light. So that's one of the things I tend to have a longer sleep and better sleep in the winter when there's, there's shorter days. And in the summer when there's longer days, one of the things I have to be very disciplined about in the summer, especially now, as we're approaching the longest day of the year, is to go bed, go to bed at a reasonable time, because I know that light is just going to hit me at 630 and I'm going to be awake. So, and you can invest in blackout curtains. Personally, I'm not a fan of them unless you are a shift worker or a first responder. You know, in that case, you want blackout curtains because they're most likely be sleeping during the day. But for the rest of us, it is extremely healthy for our sleep cycle and our circadian rhythm to go to bed after sunrise and wake up, you know, around sunset, to get that natural light source. Yeah. Well, that must be why it is so difficult for me to wake up in the winter because- Oh, everyone. Yeah. It is. This, simple. I just want to sleep longer and longer and longer. And with that being said, there are night owls and there are early birds. And I've transitioned. I used to be such a night owl and I don't know if this is something that happens with age or what, but I've served this transition. Okay. All right. Talk me through this. Yeah. It actually so the woman I worked for at Brown University, that's more or less her claim to fame. And she's the reason why school cert times are delayed for high schoolers than middle schoolers because as we go through puberty and into young adulthood, so we're talking like throughout your 20s, you're circadian rhythm, we wires itself to be a night owl. So you'll actually see a huge shift in the night time release of melatonin to favor more nighttime hours. But then as we reach our 30s and beyond, we have this complete shift and then we want to become early people. So it's no, it's no surprise that like, you know, when you're 60, 70, 80, you're waking up extremely early. That is just a biological consequence of theme human for whatever reason. That's how we as humans have evolved. I got it because I remember I worked at a gym and they opened at six o'clock. And then I remember the general manager goes, look, we're going to need some people to cover an earlier shift. All the old people want us to open at five. So that was something that I see now because I would sleep so late, but now it's a steady get up at six o'clock whether or not I have clients or anything like that. And I used to say, I don't only get up early in the morning if somebody paid me to do so and I would get up early to go rain, but now it's just that's where I perk right up. So here's my last thing that I want to ask you and it really has to do with kind of actionable steps and best practices. And I know Matthew Walker says if he could, if you get anything out of his book, it's a sleep schedule. Now with all the information that he's put out, he says if you don't take anything out to away from this book, go to sleep at the same time and wake up around the same time. Like try to get a sleep schedule. Now with that being said, can you speak to that and then any other top practices that you think you should adhere? Yeah. So that is the he is absolutely right. I mean it makes sense. You know, he is a leading expert in the field. His sleep schedule is number one priority because you are keeping two of your circadian rhythm of when to be awake, when to be asleep. Honestly, you should start your sleep routine about 90 minutes before bed. So 90 to 60 minutes before bed, that's when you power down all the technology. So no more smartphones, no more TV. Do people invest in like yoga sort of like that's when I do as an athlete, my deep tissue, like myelfascial release work, things like that. You actually want to keep the light in your home, your home low. So either it's investing in a dim light system or candles, just something to just low-level light. A lot of people will have tea or take a hot shower and that's true even in the winter too because that vasodilation does really promote sleep. And then again, just keep the temperature low in your room, go to sleep in a dark room. Sound machines are actually great too. Even if you have like meditative, classical music, stuff like that too. But yeah, it's one of those things is the more you age, the more difficult sleep becomes one because of family life. And to just it's just a product of aging. You know, like everything breaks down, the older we get. So you really have to start taking your sleep seriously. Oh, Dr. Allison Brager, I want you back on this show. I can do it. We can do it live from New York. How about that? Oh, wait, that's just hopefully you're not coming back to help with COVID-19. They're COVID. Oh my gosh, from your home to God's ears. I hope that's not the case. This has been amazing. You are an absolute wealth of knowledge. You're fun to talk to. I love that you have so much experience and so much background from from a clinical perspective, from a research perspective, from an athletes perspective. I love that and I'm going to shout you out for wearing an NASM shirt, which I've never done on on these calls. You are far more on brand than me. So shout out to that. Thank you for being on this and I cannot wait to get you back on the show and will discuss what it looks like and what we'll talk about, but we're going to we're going to get you back in. All right, now sounds great. Thank you guys. I'm sorry. I have to get that so quickly. But I understand thank you so much and for everybody out there. Thank you so much for being a part of it listening and for your questions. Thanks. My name is Rick Richie and this is the NASM CPT podcast.