Welcome back. Let's consider what the normal process of behavior change looks like. Typically when habits are formed, they are formed over time when we begin to perform a new series of behaviors over and over again. MIT researchers discovered three elements that can be consistently found in any habit that we have. These include a cue, a routine, and a reward. This concept is described in the book The Power of Habit by Charles DuPig. In his book, Atomic Habits, James Clear took this concept and went on to expand it to include one additional element. That's the craving. It's this description of behavior and habit loops that I'd like to use to define how we work to build new habits. If you're interested in better understanding how to shape and change either your own habit, or those of your clients, I highly recommend reading both books. Now, behaviors are shaped over time using the following formula. A cue, there's a craving, a response, and then ultimately a reward. As you see, it's with this normal pattern that behaviors are ultimately created. Let's talk through this a bit more to bring it to life with an example. So when we first start talking about the cue, a cue is really anything that brings about a craving. Cue can include the time of day. It might be a person, a feeling or a mood that you're experiencing. It could be a smell or a sound, or even could be a specific environment. For example, you wake up in the morning and that's your cue and it triggers a cascade of habits that you may not even have to think about. You just automatically do those. Maybe you wake up, go to the bathroom, make a cup of coffee, brush your teeth, get rest, etc. Your cue, it's time of day. Or for most people, it's the alarm clock telling them to wake up because it is a certain time of day. Now, sticking with our time example above and thinking about waking up, the craving, or in other words, the motivation behind why you act, is what actually moves you to act. So you aren't necessarily motivated to brush your teeth in the morning, but you really are motivated by the feeling that having a clean mouth and a fresh breath would give you. And you're not necessarily motivated or craving coffee, but rather the feeling that drinking a cup of coffee provides to you. Cravings differ for every person. For some people, they may crave to feel awake first thing in the morning. For others, they might crave that feeling of attacking the day and really getting a jump start on everything they have to do. And general cravings occur because we want to change our internal state. Then we have the response. Now this is the actual habit that you perform. So you do something, you brush your teeth, you drink the coffee, you know, you go to the bathroom. For example, if we're thinking about what we typically do in the morning. Think about what your normal response is to the cue in the morning of waking up and what craving you're actually feeling. Also consider how many responses are possible. So when we consider that there might be a hundred people, they might have a hundred different responses to hearing their alarm go off. Some people may choose to get up and go to the bathroom. Others may go to the kitchen first to start the coffee before going to the bathroom. And some others may decide that they stay in bed and scroll through social media or text messages. So with a hundred different people, there could be a hundred different responses to the same cue. And what determines it is really based on past experience, our own personal preferences, maybe the environment that we find ourselves in, etc. And then finally we have the reward. On one level, the reward is always that the craving is gone. So we wanted to change our internal state and now we have successfully achieved that. And I find that really interesting that we like to satisfy the disc content that our brain creates. And the one hand, the brain is hardwired to notice rewards though from our behavior. So keep in mind, we're always paying close attention to what other rewards and benefits that the response has created. So if the reward also has other benefits, for example, the coffee that we drank tasted delicious or we can now kiss our spouse because we have fresh breath, then it's much more likely that we'll continue to repeat that choice over and over again, forming a habit loop and eventually a habit. In our next video, Chris will talk about the ways that the habit loop can play out in real life, especially as it relates to ways clients change their behavior. Particularly in pursuit of that misleading holy grail of fitness. That's weight loss. Check it out.