I welcome everybody super excited to have have you all with us today another big group within our monthly webinars. And this is going to be another, I think really pertinent ones for everybody here. I know Sean had a lot of people reach out to him. We've had a lot of folks over in Annsoom reach out to us. We've got content on both sides going out. In regards to this, it's really important topic for everybody giving these uncertain times. So with that said, I'm going to hand it over to Sean to thank you through the business case for online training. And we'll be dropping some knowledge for you today to help you get started and take your business from the next level in this new and interesting space. Yeah, awesome. Thank you so much, Ian. And so we're excited to get into this topic. This is something that was really on the kind of a small part of the citizenship for the last over years, but growing certainly. And now it's exploded because of two things. Jim's are closed number one. And really, people are stuck at home. And this is only where they can gauge a coach. Number two, so we're going to talk about the business case for online training, really go step by step. So what it is, how to side if it's right for you. It's a brand new paradigm for a lot of coaches and a lot of new trainers to think about. Oh, I understand what it is to work with someone face to face in program and teach the movement. But what does this mean in this camera thing go after be a social media superstar? I don't know. I don't want to do that. And we'll kind of unpack all those things, how to decide if it's right for you, how to do it. And really how to get started, because I believe there's tremendous opportunity right now for every to get started. And we're going to talk about what that means. And there will be for months to come, given the climate. So let's unpack that and get right into it. By the way, I want to also invite you to check out the NP community on Facebook. If you're not a member already, you just go to Facebook, search NP community. You'll see picture of me. It went on events right there. We've just updated some of the stuff recently. We're going to be answering a lot of questions in there. There's a lot of things we don't get to in the webinar. And we're starting to share some weekly content in there as well. A little bite size jumps to some things that can really help for you and dance to your career. So check us out. NP community just when you click join, ask a couple questions, say you're on the webinar with me today. And our team will get you accepted into the group. OK. So here's why we're here today. So there's a really a big problem in the fitness industry and a reason why a lot of fitness or professional struggle. And in NP, we know that you want to be a successful fitness professional with a career that ultimately just gives you great income, allows you to help more people transform their lives. That's why we all started in the fitness industry. But in order to do that, you need paying clients. And the problem is that gyms are close right now. And a lot of them will be close for the weeks and months ahead. And you don't know what to do to find inside of new clients. And this, if you're looking to start a career in the industry, this makes you feel unfraid and really uncertain about your ability to have a sustainable career because without paying clients, we don't have a career as a fitness professional. We need clients to make this thing work. And we believe in NP that business education is the key to your success. If you want our professional income to fitness industry, then business education is just as important as fitness education. And this is something that both NSM and NPR are very dedicated to. We spent a lot of time working on this. And we've got a lot of work going on behind the scenes to have really even more resources to support you, coming out in the weeks and months ahead. And we understand that maybe when you first started out in the career path in the fitness industry, those weren't your expectations. But that's the reality of the situation. If you really want to ensure your success, you've got to take learning business seriously, just like you take learning fitness seriously. Now, NP, we have a long track record of success. Since 2006, we've helped over 45,000 fitness professionals in the studio owners. In 96 countries, grow their business, take home more money and live their dream lifestyle. We've been listed eight times on the 8,500, 5000 so fast-scoring companies. And we're a global team with offices in Los Angeles, London, Sydney. I'm actually down in Australia here for a few months and working with our team down here and working remotely because I can't. And the last thing to flex with is do that. Thanks to the internet today. And here's how we do it. We do with business education, really helping fitness professionals and studio owners grow. We believe there are four keys to your success. And the number one, you've got to learn proven systems and tools. You don't have to reinvent the wheel. You don't have to fear this out from scratch. There are proven examples of how you need to learn and apply business information to advance your career to find inside of clients. That's number one. Number two, we believe metrics are important. Just like in fitness, you've got to track your weights, your sets, your reps, your program. You've got to weigh in. You've got to do measurement of the things you want to prove. In business, it's the same thing. You've got to track and measure metrics. So you've got to be called yourself accountable to the numbers of your business, just like you would in a fitness program. And the number three, you need coaching. Just like in fitness to succeed, it's difficult, it's overwhelming, it's confusing. And every does better with a coach. The same thing applies in business. Haven't someone helped guide you through this process, explain what to do, how to do it, helping you get it done, answer questions, critical to accelerating your success. And lastly, winning community. I encourage you to surround yourself with others that are already ahead of where you are right now. And we'll support you on this journey. This is a really hard thing when you're trying to do something all alone. Just like your fitness clients, trying to begin a fitness program and every around them is not working out and ordering pizza and eating tunnels every day and watching Netflix, they've got to surround themselves with some people on a different journey. And they're going to help lift them up. And the same thing comes when it comes to your career when it comes to your business. You want to surround yourself, people are going to help you on your journey. So absolutely encourage you to learn more about NP. Learn more about what we do, we're offering a complimentary, get-clear, a strategy session right now, which is really a 60-minute call to get your individual questions answered. We won't have time to get to everything on this call today, but you can register to learn more about what we do, get your questions answered on your career at NPCoachescoller.com. So check that NPCoachescoller.com. Okay, so that being said, we're going to jump right into really the nuts and bolts of what we're here to talk about, say with online training. And first and foremost, we're going to explain, really what is the online business, online training business opportunities, so what does it really look like to work on online training and what's the money you can make and how it's function, why does it function? How's it different from in person? We're going to pack that first and foremost. Second, we're going to talk about who on training is for and how it works. And there are some different models and kind of client journeys based on the type of clients you want to work with. It looks like that in a little more detail. And number three, we're going to break down really how you can make money signing, finding and signing of clients with online training and really how much you can make. And we'll go from there. So first and foremost, the online training business opportunity. Again, this is a brand new category that a lot of people are struggling to get their heads around. People that have spent years in the traditional fitness business model of, I get a client face to face. I assess them, I read a program, my holder hands through doing the movement, and teaching movements in the gym. And that's it. And now without being face to face in the gym, they're like, lost. They don't know whether this is still like how does this work. And to be fair, the public is a little unsure of this as well. They don't know as this, the same thing is like watching videos on YouTube, is this like the free workouts I see on Instagram. What is online training? So it's a brand new emerging category. And there's a lot of unknowns, and we're going to help break that down for you right now. So let's talk about first why this opportunity is here. And this is something that has been around for a while. It's been a growing segment of industry for the last few years, certainly, with the growth of technology and software companies and others, multiple software companies out there that actually provide tools for online training. So you to program for clients, you can have chat back and forth. You can record little videos of their movements and workouts and upload them and send them to you over a direct messenger function. So there's lots of specific companies and software programs just to support this industry now. Let alone from email, a messenger, and all kinds of stuff we've packed it together for years. There's software companies solve that issue. Number two, we've had this big shift where gyms are shut down and never in the history of the world and really our industry, which in many cases, personal training began in really the 1980s. And so that's about 40 years into personal training industry now. And there's never been a time four years where every gym in studio has been 100% shut down across the entire world. So this is a really a landmark time now for industry, which has created a lot of challenges and problems. But inside every challenge is a massive opportunity. But it's really a question of those. How quickly do you see it and how quickly can you get on board that determines if we're able to make this a success? Or you just fall by the wayside. So that's the business side. And on the consumer side, this is also a massive change because previously, consumerists, if you say, well, do you want to work with Coach Online or go to gym? Every just say, I've just got to the gym. What do you know, someone's right there. It's easier I can connect. And I don't really understand how the technology video would set to do. But now, everybody is stuck inside their home. And the only way they can engage, working with a coach, getting support with the health of fitness, is through some type of online relationship. It's the only way they can connect. And now that people are connecting engaging, they're finding tremendous success from that engagement. And they're seeing actually how it can work. And now we have internet, we have video phones and tablets and cameras and Zoom platforms like this to where it's pretty amazing how you can connect and engage with people. That's not exactly like being face to face. It's slightly different platform. But what you can do is incredible to engage the relationship and to actually get support to get the work done. So these big shifts have created the opportunity in business and in the market to save the consumers that we all serve. And that's where success comes from. There's really where is the market at? Not where we're at. Because we're there to serve the market, the market's not there to serve us. So those shifts have created a big opportunity. And this is a big wake-up call for personal trainers. Previously, your business model relied at 100% on seeing clients face to face. Well, you're at tremendous risk when that can't happen. The gym closes, if clients move out of town, if you move out of town or when do we move out of town, anytime you can't physically be present with a client, you lose 100% of rent count. That's a very risky business model in the day. And we just didn't think about both proving your models for a time like this. It just wasn't a paradigm that most considered. However, if you're willing to embrace the opportunity, challenges, breed, innovation. And this is where the best companies, the best entrepreneurs, the most successful people in every industry, come out of hard times. It's hard times that make you stronger, light a group, just like strength training. The more weight you put on the bar, the more you break down tissue, the more it can grow back stronger. And better and bigger than before, the same thing when it comes to businesses. The more businesses are challenging, have to grow through challenges. The stronger they become to really do anything and they become the leaders of tomorrow. And by offering really remote coaching services, you get to remove tremendous barriers and limitations on the traditional fitness business and personal training business model forever. This is just incredible what is possible. And the reality is that it opens up so much opportunity because remote coaching can be done anywhere. So if you want to move out of state, if you want to move out of country, if you want to live by the beach, or wherever you want to be, you can't. If previously, if clients moved out of town or got transferred for work and they weren't close by, you had to say, thanks for working me, but wish you all the best. Now, so it moves you can retain that client. You can continue to service that client in a online coaching relationship, which is tremendous. I mean, half the battle is just replacing lost clients that move out of town or move far away or whatever the case may be in fitness. And now, if you think about, you don't lose those clients anymore. Well, that's a huge art of business that just kind of chugs along. Also referrals. Sometimes you get people want to, we get clients who want to fur people to us that they think will be a great fit. They know someone who could use our health, but they just don't live close by or on the other side of town. Their schedule doesn't line up with work. If you don't have a slot open in the times that you have available because you're maxed out during specific times of the day, working with clients. And now you can still sign people up. They don't have to be in your gym at this time and commute through traffic and such to get there. It's a much more efficient way for the client to engage you in a relationship and to get support and working with you. And it's better for you because you don't have to just max out your prime times and then be empty. So also, keeping people on track if clients are traveling for work or on a family holiday, previously used to say, up, here's a little bodyweight workout, do this and see when you get back and kind of just hope you kind of maintain things along. Now you don't have to coach a client though. You can actually still work with them just like you know, you are in a regular session wherever they are through an online relationship and structure that's created. You can keep them on track with their goals and keep them healthy. They don't just go off the rails for two weeks because of traveling for work. You can actually schedule their sessions around their work schedule, a travel, their time zone, and you can keep things moving. Again, popular session times are full, no more. Now you increase capacity and you meant easier to fit more people in, depending on the client journey that you offer, which I'll explain a little more about here in a second. And this works because ultimately, clients don't really care about sessions. They don't really care about being face-to-face with you as you know, entertaining and charismatic as you may be which is awesome and we may like working with our clients that's awesome. But in the day, what people want is to solve a problem or achieve a goal. That's why they're there. That's why our industry exists. It's not just to be friends and hang out. It's actually lead people to a fitness outcome. And the tools and methods that you used to get them there are almost irrelevant. So I encourage you to kind of give up this paradigm of, I have to be with a person face-to-face to actually lead them to an outcome but because the reality is you don't. And I recognize that's a big shift for a lot of people. And I share that concept. I share that idea and people like, yeah, but I just don't get it. Well, let's explore that with further. And I want you to understand the components of really what you do and how you serve a client. There are several components that you offer as a coach to lead clients to success, right? We assess someone. So what's their baseline and different assessments, maybe if it's one of these body, they want to lose weight and fat. We're assessing their weight on the scale. We're doing some measurements. We're doing a body-cop situation assessment. And we're used to doing that in person. Well, now there are tools to actually do that remotely. Technology, obviously, do that very remotely, even with simple app that can do these things. It's amazing what technology is available just even on your phone. Program design. We're actually writing a program for client based on where the starting point is with any health issues or concerns they have based on their goals. And this can vary, right? We have more advanced clients who are running more comprehensive program. If we have beginner clients who are keeping the program really simple and really basic, making sure it's safe. It's effective and I'm going to get hurt. And that's really important, especially because people that are off doing workouts that have no direction aren't really following a program that's tailored for them. It's a cookie cut of program. It doesn't take their needs to know account. Teaching technique, teaching movement, normally when it's face to face, when we're watching movement, we're cueing movement. Well, actually with a good camera on a little stand or tablet on a stand, we can angle this. And we can still do the same thing. We can watch with our eyes, and we can cue with our mouth, which is we can't touch someone, but we can watch and we can cue. And those are the main things that we used to actually teach technique. Also, even having people record short videos, playing that back, watch, and showing them exactly some things on the movement, or even showing them a demo video, and pointing things out in a demo video which you can play from your screen, just like this. All those are elements we can use to teach technique. The catabillion support, important now more than ever. It's, I don't care who you are when you're stuck in isolation at home. It's easy to just eat more food and increase your calorie intake. Maybe you've felt a little bit like that, and a lot of people have shared that in the past several weeks. It's easier to order take out and just be off the rails with our typical, that habits. We're not moving as much, because we're not outside. We're not kind of in our typical daily patterns of movement and exercise. And it's easy to just get kind of distracted. Watch a show on TV. Do something else other than actually manage our environment for health, for fitness, for work, so on and so forth. So, countermeas support is really important. It's important for beginners in having the confidence to get a session done and get their work done. It's also important for athletes and for advanced exercises. You know, athletes, people think athletes, oh, they work out a lot of time. It's easy for them. Athletes, if you're in your athlete, you know, sometimes just as hard for you to get motivated, if not more, you know, challenging to get motivated, because you've been doing fitness for so long, that's why you need a team. That's why you need a coach who's gonna challenge you to become the best you can be and actually get the work done. An attrition recovery, again, critical right now, because people are slipping with an attrition habits. And community, we all benefit from being part of something and I try a team, a group that helps us give a sense of purpose, identity, connection, especially related to our health and fitness values and our patterns and behaviors of come to this area. So this is how we leave clients to success. And these components don't change whether they're in person face to face, for their delivered remotely or online. They're the same components, the same value proposition points of how we serve a client. And so this is why it works. And this is why it's incredibly powerful. And frankly, even more powerful now and more needed than ever, people need your help, because they're getting stuck in all these areas, because they don't have you. They don't have a coach who can support them and growing through these areas. It's not a case of a question of like watching YouTube video or Googling a workout on squats. If that's all people need it, they'd be, every would be fit, right? That's not the case. That's why personal trainers exist in the first place. People need coaches. And they need coaches now more than ever for all these reasons. So I encourage you to check your mindset around this new paradigm. I recognize it's a new paradigm. It's taking time for a really wrapped their head around it. But stop thinking that if you can't see client space to face, you can't help them be successful. Because that's not the case. You absolutely can. And frankly, they need you to be successful now more than ever. They're not going to be successful on their own. There's more things standing in their way of progressing with what they need to do. And don't think that you can't charge for coaching someone online because there's free workouts on YouTube Instagram. There's been free workouts and magazines and muscle and fitness and women's health. And the internet forever, yet people have still been hiring and continue to hire and there's been this boom in personal training since 1980 for 40 years, right? People need a coach. People want a coach and they will pay for a coach because this stuff is hard to figure out all by yourself. When you've got a lot of busy other things you do in your life and your clients do in their life, kids would work with all those factors. So I would cartoon and brace and grow with mindset. People need a coach to lead them to achieve their health and fitness goals. That's you and that's the uptrend for you to step up and serve the market. And that's where all lies is in the uptrend to serve the market. And coaching works because you provide everything needed for clients to succeed. If just Googling how to do a workout in a magazine or in a YouTube video, got people results, there would be no personal trainer's period. But there's this massive global industry of personal training because people need everything that you help them with. They need you to challenge, they need to support them with getting the work done required to succeed. And that's where you provide the biggest benefit to your clients. And that has not changed. And frankly, the need for that is greater now than ever has been. So in brace that, and these are just a few examples. There's some of our clients that have moved from offline training to online training the last several weeks. This is one of our clients from Ottawa who transitioned her whole gym from offline to online. She's now actually had her best month ever in March. And she's on track with her next best month ever. Revenue is actually a 31% in this month of her previous month. So 45, me members, she signed up. And she works with probably women and moms who are busy at home with kids, especially now kids home from school. Again, a lot of challenges with getting fitness done. They need more support now than ever working with a coach and work with a community. This is not about the client's wayndone. He's in West Hollywood, California. Has a private, semi-private personal training facility. Has been filling up remote sessions ever since. They've now got back to 90% capacity from free COVID in serving clients in a remote online training relationship. And they've added some new value components for people with remote yoga class, group class on Saturdays. They've actually done something really cool. They've done during the week for the community. They've done a 80s dance night dance party. They come in. They have one of their coaches is also a professional dancer. And has been doing themed 80s dance party. They've been doing like just for some fun cardio. It's kind of connected everybody. A huge value. People are loving it. And they're just telling all their friends about it and getting her girls like crazy. This number of clients in DC. We actually, I did know how to launch online was doing all just up in person training in a studio. Then, terminated all her billing. We had a conversation she realized, well, no, actually, people really need me. And this is important to keep going. So relaunched, raise her race. And she's been incredible signing up clients. She's now back up to about 88% of free COVID business in on a steady rise of her week with signing clients up. So the opportunity is here. And encourage you just to think about some growth questions. And number one, what is your current mindset around how you deliver value to clients? Thinking about that. Think about how you can increase the value to people, how you can still serve them online with some of the components that we talked about. And really just consider how taking your business online supports protecting and growing your career, your business for what you want to do in the future. Again, this is a brand new paradigm. This is the really early days of the market adopting this. And people are right now having a conversation of, you know, what's going to happen when Jim's reopen, might get to keep going online or keep not going online. And for some people, they're just going to go right back to brick and mortar to face the face. But there's a huge part of the market, the clients are serving that aren't comfortable in Jim and the big and Jim environment. They don't want to be in a big box Jim, they actually prefer the comfort of doing this from their home. It's more efficient for them with a busy schedule. And they value having that relationship and accountability to keep them on track. And it also feels like even a little more intimate relationships for the support you offer because Jenny's speaking online, you're having more check-ins with a client during their week. And it's different from someone just coming in for a workout. So all these things really provide tremendous value to the market and have a tremendous opportunity for you with your business. Okay, next up, let's talk about who all entering is for and how it works. So again, too many coaches think they can't go their value online to training clients. And that's just not the case. As I've shared a lot of examples of the things that you do to provide value, there's tremendous value to offer to people. And frankly, they need those components now more than ever because of where they're at because of the challenges they're facing. Again, I mean, you think about people at home, I mean, look at the ends at home with kids. His internet's so working, right? He's trying to work from home. There's a lot of challenges we all have through getting through the day right now and getting through, you know, getting to where we want to be with our goals. And that's where having support is helpful to all of us. So if you have had trash around, I can't compete with free on Instagram or YouTube. Let that go. That's just not even relevant to the conversation here. That is not coaching. Watching videos online, Googling workout, template, cooking, kind of workout. That's for someone else, not personalized for you and your goals is not coaching. Coaching is all that you do to assess someone, to program for them, to teach technique, to hold my countable, to get it done, to teach nutrition, and so on. So the value is there. And the way we deliver value, the way we deliver more value, and how some clients are actually growing. Some businesses are growing their business with more clients through this time, is because they're really getting connected to what the needs are of their client. They're spending time calling their clients, connecting with them. What are the challenges with their fitness? What are the challenges in their life? What are challenges in the obstacles to them moving forward with their goals? And they're tuning into those needs in the coming up with innovative and creative solutions. So for example, I share with you that some of the personal training gym must Hollywood, how they're now adding a yoga class on Saturdays, writing cardio class and a fun way with 80s dance night during the week. Just some different ways that are out of the box ideas, and you might think, gosh, why would I ever do this? And that feels weird. But people are stuck at home. They're looking for something fun to engage. They're looking for new ways to keep moving. When you're just stuck in your box at home, it's like jail. You need to move your body. And we can't just go outside and go for a run. So we need to be innovative in how we keep people moving, how we keep people engaged, and how we keep people having fun with the things they need to do to be successful. So what is the version of that for the types of clients that you want to work with? How can you focus on better serving them and coming with innovative ways to keep them on the right track? And then think about moving barriers. No one of our clients they work with seniors and they help really seniors with fitness. And when a lot of this occurred and everyone locked down, all my training distancing possible for that group because Grandma has a iPhone 2 or a flip phone, you know, a no camera, and doesn't really understand technology and how we get to do possibly online training. And so what they did was actually went on Amazon ordered $39 prime tablets, fire tablets, sent tablets to all their clients along with little stands. So for less than the price of one personal training session, they set their clients a remote training kit that's really a tablet and a stand. And now they're able to stay connected to the client, actually help them install Zoom on the tablet. Tea taught them how to click and join a link. And now they're able to join their sessions and are raving about it. But they just like, you know, got free tech support in the Genius Bar to now get online. And now Grandma's able to call the grandkids, they have a call family. And really, you know, we just improved her whole quality life because we took the time to care and meet a critical needed help remove a barrier to her engaging the world and engaging her fitness program and trainer. So very, very helpful to do that and encourage you to think about what are the ways that you can be innovative in helping remove a barrier like technology for your clients or to add value in new creative solutions like 80s dance night or online yoga class, things that help people just keep moving and having fun during this time. So here's a couple examples and there are a couple different types of online customer journeys and ways we serve clients. Example and one is a beginning personal training client. So someone who is not very confident and exercise, dumb has a lot of, doesn't have a experience in weight training and wouldn't just walk into gym and sign up and start doing a prayer. They wouldn't know what to do and they wouldn't have the confidence to go do it on their own. So what is online training look like for this client, it looks, you know, not too dissimilar from in person training. We're doing a virtual assessment. There's really simple as a great app you can get called from a company called Poster Cobe, which actually have the founder going live in our, we have interviewed him in our Facebook group next week. And really what it is is the client can download it at on their phone. They can have their spouse or partner take a couple pictures of them and a video of them moving. And then they hit a button and up close it to the cloud. And then you get to download it on your side of the app and actually does a scan for a reasonable body cop pre-hension assessment. It does a squat assessment and you can actually draw lines with their posture and the mobility. And it does a movement scan which dynamically like puts points on their body. It's like a looks like a video game puts points on their body and tracks their movement. And it gives a full report of all these things to assess movement, posture, body composition and things that are critical to. To you is a finished professional in assessing your client. So we can actually do this technology is incredible. And these are like cheap apps to do incredible assessment of your clients. Then we design a program. So we take stock. What is the equipment they have available in their home? What's the space they have available in their home? What does that look like? And check it out. And from there we're going to design what is the right program. And you can, the rally is you can design a program with very little equipment. This reason why guys get jacked and prison with like a towel for pulling movements and doing push ups off the side of the bed. You don't need a lot of equipment. Certainly if you have more equipment there's more we can design an program. But keeping it simple, keeping it safe is really what's most important for the client. It doesn't need to be very comprehensive. And then this is the type of client that actually needs and wants that in-person support to do a session. So you actually get on a zoom link like this with your client. They'd be on their computer, phone or tablet. You can see them, they can see you. They can position this to where you can see their movement. And you're actually showing the North out today. You're taking them through the workout. You're watching their movement. You're cueing their movement verbally through the workout. And just like you very similar to like how you do an in-person session. You're holding them accountable. You're having some fun. You're having some banter to actually help them get a session done. Just like you do in-person. It's almost the same thing to actually execute and get it done. So why does this work? Why does this work in this environment? Because people lack confidence in what to do. And they're not sure what to do. And that hasn't changed just because we're all stuck at home. It's the same problem. We just now need to gauge them differently to help them through the challenge. So they feel comfortable in the big box gym. And they don't want to just go where they feel like they're being looked at and feeling insecure about their body and their lack of experience. Nobody wants to be the guy that goes over the bench and has the five pound weights on. That feels like brings the guy back to high school when he's the weakest guy. He's still the weakest guy. That's not comfortable. And for women, they don't want to go in and feel like they're being looked at. And they're insecure about maybe they've gained a little weight. And they're on this cardio equipment with people that are just shredded. And here they are just trying to walk on the treadmill on a breath. All those things make the online experience very attractive for beginners because they can get support. They can feel on the safe environment. And they can actually make progress to where then they might have more confidence to go training a gym someday. So very, very helpful journey for this type of client. Another example for a client journey. This is more advanced clients who have a history of exercise, maybe a history of sports or athletics. They actually have some experience with movement and good technique. And what does the journey look like for them? Well, similar. We do assessments for them. We do programs on a generally important design. It's going to be a little more comprehensive for this type of client because they want a more involved program. They can handle more involved program. Technique coach is going to be critical. Generally speaking, they don't need your hand to hold their hand to do every workout. But they would record a few minutes on their phone of the last set of every exercise. And you can watch a video and review it and you can coach technique. I'll pay on this, like think about on the deathlet. If I want you to pull a bar and post your legs and I want you to lift your chest up a little bit further next time. And feel your hips coming back. Or just whatever, King movements, you can give them. But it doesn't have to be done real time. It can be done via feedback and then through a chat function. And really just provided counter-gulli support. So even people think, oh, athletes got it all figured out. athletes need to be challenged and how the counter will as much if not more so. Then beginners. So to why athletes have coaches, it's why athletes are on teams because no one does their best on their own. So being there to check in on them throughout the week, have a weekly review, send them the program for the next week. Usually program is done a week at a time and kind of adjust it as needed throughout the week. If there's an issue or something comes up, then that's really what that journey looks like. And this works because advanced clients want comprehensive and individualized programming. They want some of the challenge them and support them becoming the best person themselves that can be. And they know what a coach they're going to do that. There's a lot of towns and people that don't go anywhere in life because they never had a coach who challenged them and helped them become the best they can be. You hear this with great coaches all the time. So I'm great athletes talk about great coaches in every sport, really. Basketball, field jacks and you know and you know football with, I don't know, Bellachack and others you know, think about great dynasties, what's the coach that really helped get the athletes to perform with their best and work together and same thing that you do as a coach with your clients, whether the beginners, whether they're advanced as well. So based on the type of clients you want to work with and there's a tremendous market for other clients in between those two extremes, you're going to find the type of client you want to start to document the journey and the operational plan of how to deliver sessions. By the way, I will give some direction on the apps here in a second. I see people ask a question. So just hang tight. I will give you a direction on that as well. Hang tight and we'll come back to that minute. So again, based on type of journey, you can deliver different experiences for the client. And as far as demonstration goes, this isn't like exercise like, you know, Jane Fonda, you got to get up and do it with them and be chance to dance around while you're talking to clients. That's kind of not appropriate for personal training. If we need to do demos, a lot of people do is their focus just like this. They're either standing or sitting in front of microphones so they can talk and client can hear them, they can see clearly and they can give verbal cues. And then they want to do a demo. They just share a screen, play like a one minute video clip that demonstrates a movement. Either one you grab online or one your cord your own demos if you want to feature yourself as a as a demonstrator. And you show demonstrate the movement. You can point out the specific things that you want to cue the client on and then bam, they go do it. So they get the visual learning and seeing the demo and then actually get the, you know, can't necessarily think it's actually go do it. You're cueing them to feel certain things. You're chewing them to move certain parts of the body and alignment to actually do correct technique. Right? So it's very similar to what we do in person of how we teach in coach movement. And just to be clear, when you're in a remote environment, verbal cueing is really important. You want to communicate almost more in a virtual session than you would face to face. So face to face, you'd be talking but maybe then be quiet a bit in a virtual session. You're going to be maybe cueing a little bit more conversation to engage because they don't have the other inputs around them. So again, they're just examples. These are what people are doing really all over the world right now. Our clients in the US and Canada, UK, Europe, Australia, Asia. And they're doing this in private training, environments, and semi-private training environments, and group classes. And don't think you have to have like a perfect studio. And you know, you can do this really out of your spare budget mechanism. You're living in people are doing this in the basement. It's really not about, you know, having a, like, made for Hollywood studio. People don't care about that with a care about is how you're supporting them. That's what matters. How are you showing up to support them? And really your energy, your leadership, your tone, your energy is what's going to provide the best experience for the client, just like face to face. That's what matters most. This is also another example. It's one of our clients in Texas who previously trained a couple of husband and wife. And now they've been working with the, the husband wife who've been inviting in their adult children who are out of state. And they're joining the session. They've now gone from, you know, a private training session to a semi-private training session and getting paid more per hour, because they're able to serve people that are not even in the same state. They're getting referrals from friends and family and so on. This is them, or clients in down here in Australia. She's a new castle who's been signing up now clients from Tasmania and from the US who have clients from California, signed clients in London. So this breaks down so many barriers that previously, when you had a in-person model, you can only sign up for people that could, you know, get to you three days a week within a semi-arradious. So very, very powerful. What's available to you. So again, this works for every type of model you can imagine, it works wherever you are. So some growth questions to consider. What are the most important value components supporting your ideal client in solving their problems than she even goes? So think about the type of client you want to work with and what do they need, what do you need to put in the journey that's going to help them be successful? Right? It's going to be a little different based on the who you work with, the who determines everything. What it's beginners, intermediate, advanced, what their challenges are, what their needs are. You're going to design the journey. You're going to adjust the journey to best serve that person. You're going to get better that all the time. You know, a lot of people that never alert online sessions are training or work to clients a month ago and not just enforce to get in and figure it out and ask for feedback and they've been proved it every single day to where now. Some clients are like, this is the best thing ever. I'm going to never go back to the gym again because I don't have to commute, you know, a half hour into the gym and then banter and then drive home and you know, I don't have an extra out of my day just to drive in the car. Not just get up, get my workout done, then you know, have breakfast, shower, go to work and I don't have to, you know, truck in my whole wardrobe into the bathroom and hanging up and then use a bath and something. And all those kind of stuff we had to do with the traditional personal training model that now is is eliminated with online coaching and training. So thinking about where you can add diets, the clients thinking about what barriers might never be in their way with technology or things that you can do to help remove those barriers. Maybe it is even including when someone signs up a $39 tablet as a nice bonus and for less than the price of one session, they've now got, you know, a perfect, remote training kit with a stand and, you know, to connect and engage with you to do their workouts and counter the coach. So little things we can do that go a long way to engage and support a relationship. Okay, last section here is, how can you make money with online training? Really? How you sign up clients with online training? So let's talk about this. And yeah, I see Ian talking about apps, the NASA and Edge app. I know that the NASA as Edge app has been evolving quite a bit and apologies. I'm not asking me with that as Ian will be, but it's got demos and I think that there you can use, which is I know they're working on a lot of stuff to continue to support you. So you've got all those resources available. So check that out and NASA and YouTube page is a ton of demos. So you can reference those demos. So you've got a huge library, you can access some reference for delivering online training. So all right, so let's talk about finding new customers. And in some cases, you know, this is just not this just a new world. And you kind of think, you know, the way you thought about this like a week ago, you know, a few weeks ago or a couple months ago is now different. So the strategies, the messaging, the offers, we used to kind of market our services are different now. They're still available pathways available to us, but they're not the same. And we've got to engage a little differently. So if you want to grow, you know, we talked about business education is just as important as your fitness education. Well, that especially applies to this area of actually sales and marketing, it's actually fine and sign people up. So you've got to grow in your skill set and competency and have to find and sign people up. It's just, it's absolutely essential. And it's going to give the confidence to sustain your career and not just be dependent on hoping you can get a job somewhere and hoping that Jim doesn't close down and hoping there is another issue that, you know, is out of your control. So you can actually take a 12 year old destiny when you invest in yourself and acquiring the knowledge and skill sets that I'd have find a client anytime and serve them and deliver value and get paid. And that's where the skill sets are going to ensure your success. No matter what happens, because there's always going to be people who want to achieve a health fitness goal or solve a problem and they'll always pay for support and coaching guides to achieve that goal. So here's what I want you to understand a big concept. A lot of people in think about sales and marketing, they think about promotion. And to me, promotion is like the guy who like home assets and right, he's out there on the street with a bring it a ball and has the sandwich for sale. And being a promoter is not very effective. In most cases, in it frankly, is a little bit demeaning, especially if you're a coach. We're out there just begging people to work with you and just please come work with me, please it's a really weak positioning for you to have any authority and actually ability to lead people and coach people to success. And I encourage you to not be a promoter, but actually learn how to become a strategist. Learn how to become strategic in really creating a battle plan and understanding all the components that you can deliver on to find and sign up as many clients as you want in the weeks and months and years ahead as you grow in your skill sets and capabilities. And that's what you want to think about. This is like a war and you need a battle plan, you need to be a strategist. Strategy is what wins the day, not just promotion. So here are the four steps that we teach and we encourage you to grow in your skills and abilities to be successful in finding new clients. And number one, it's getting clear on the who, who is the best client you want to serve, who the people you love working with and what makes them, you know, the client you want to serve and what we know about them, all those are critical things. It's your early target. Your target is the first and foremost thing you got to understand. Number two is you got to clear in your sales strategy, offer a message. And that really is what you say to someone and the off you make with them to engage you and take a step forward in working with you. And it's very important how you engage that conversation. Right? So like, you know, you see someone you want to go in a date with, well, how do you connect with them? How do you talk with them? What do you say? How do you, you know, ask for their digits to call them, right? It's that kind of component of how do you engage and you have to have a plan and you have to underpass some skills and how to communicate, right? That's this communication. One on one. Number three, you got to have a sales system. You got to have a process how to when appropriate to take them step by step through make a commitment to their goals. And all of a sudden that is what success is. Good leadership, good coaching, good salesmanship is all the same thing. It's leading someone to make a commitment to the journey to go from where they are to where they want to be. How do we inspire and lead that conversation is a skill of directing them through questions and through communication to commit to the, to what they need to do. Really, it's all about them. It's not about you. And then number four, we want to have some simple, these generation strategies to find and connect and get in front of the right people. All right, so let's break these down. So number one, the who, the who is everything when it comes to business. You've got to get really clear on your who. I want to be by the who is really defining the profile of the client you want to work with. So what is their age? What is their gender? What else we know about them? Are they state home moms? Are they working moms? They're executives. They're the business owners. They seniors. What is the character that we really want to connect and engage with? To you, Grats, where they live or work. And I'll talk about this in the online environment. And I'll see that they can live somewhere else and I'll be right next to you. We just still want to have some sense of of that concept. And then number three, the psychographics, which are the most important, which is really the the the psychology and the most reasons why someone buys. So what are their goals, what are their challenges, how they feel about them, what understand those components so we can have an effective conversation with them in our communication strategy. So number one is the demographics. Know the who, how older they are they men or women. You know what else do we know about them. And this is important because at different demographics they face different challenges. So a mom right now who's at home with kids who are out of school is just feeling overwhelmed all throughout the day. As when the kids are awake, like it's all bets off, right? She's just really trying to manage keep in the train on the rails. So that's going to be a different conversation to her about those challenges and how to overcome those challenges and be creative without overcome those challenges. You know, we've had people who with moms, they make a they speak to the husband and the partner and they agree, okay, these mornings you're going to feed the kids and I'm going to do my work out. And then on the alternate morning, you're going to feed the kids breakfast and I'm going to do my work out and they kind of tag team to create a plan for the family so that everybody can work on themselves while serving the group. That's just one example. But we want to stand those nuances so that we're able to speak to them. We're able to speak to how to overcome those challenges for our client. Okay, geographics where they live a work. So for offline services, they'll read the typical model for brick and mortar and look, there's no reason to say you can't also serve people brick and mortar when gyms are open again. But why not also have both? You can have both. You don't have to just limit yourself to one or the other. So thinking about, you know, in an offline relationship, people are in a short radius of where you live a work. But online, you're not limited to that. But you're not going to be targeting every country, confident, multiple languages to get started. We're going to focus on really connecting with perspective, clients that are connected to your sphere of influence on. So people where that are you can be referred to or connected with or who find out about you because they know someone who's already working with you. So they refer a family member. They refer a friend that's out of those examples we're seeing happen right now are really powerful and really making easy frankly for customer acquisition right now. And more, more doors are open right now. They've ever been because of the current climate. Then psychographics really is understanding whether desires, whether their goals, whether challenges, how to feel about them, and really knowing what success looks like to them. What is when this is all done, what does success look like to that client? What is failure look like if they don't overcome their challenges, the more that you can understand this, the more you can support them with this, the more you can have the conversation, that's relevant to them. And that's what we need to do when you engage the conversations relevant to them. So also you're going to find a character right. It's kind of like writing a screen play for a movie. You're defining the character that you're going to cast in the movie called your business. So who is that character? What defines them and what are the challenges and goals that they have? The more we understand that, the more we can connect and engage with them. Number two, want to get clear in your sales strategy, offer and message. So this is a new climate. The things that we do, did, you know, two months ago need to change. And then the where the market is at is most cases people are where to have a problem, right? I'm not moving, I'm eating more calories, I'm kidding, wait right now, I'm getting weaker, right? And they're social media where I need to move and work out. I'm not doing that. I'm watching TV and I'm ordering the braids. And I need to stop doing that and I need to, you know, move better and eat less. But they don't understand the product. They don't, they think, well, but the gym's closed so I can't do that. So I'm stuck. They don't understand what this product is. This new product category called online training. And that's where they need some education, it's an explanation, some experience to understand the value that you provide. And you need that as well. You know, it's a paradigm for our industry to shift as well. Previously, you know, most fitness for this project didn't want to do with this thing hit. Now we're kind of connecting, well, maybe there is a way. And what does that look like and how can I do this? So the market needs to be educated and ultimately, the experience it to understand and believe. It's kind of like when personal training just started, you know, back in the 1980s, people didn't know what personal training was. People say, I can work in the personal training, what's the personal training? It's a new category. Now, it's a personal training list. If you say I'm working with online training, is that like YouTube, what do people don't know what it is? But they will, because it's growing and you're going to educate them and they're going to experience it. So here's really the steps to signing up new clients online. Number one, you need to first explain what it is. This is great with some content marketing, some articles, some blogs, some education, stuff you might share of or social, but really explaining what it is and how it works. And then if you when you can, explain really how it's going to lead us to someone to success. And you want to share stories and examples of people like them getting results. So essentially, this is very basic bare bones of content marketing and social proof. As you can share some education and you can share some examples, people start to put the dots together. Okay, it's this and here's people doing it who look like me and they're getting results. So let me check this out. Right? That's the first stages of awareness and education. Number two, once you've done awareness and education, you need to make them an offer. And you want to make them right now. The best offer is a risk-free offer to experience it. So with a free trial or free session, let them come in, let them get a sample and deliver a while. And that's where your job is to come in, let them experience what online session is, make an amazing for them and get them really enthusiastic side about the possibility of following this path of you how that's going to lead them to success. Right? Now they believe it's possible for them and they get it. Awesome. And number three, once you've done those things, now you have the you've earned the right to sell your program. And this is really your job and have to lead them to a commitment to doing the work to be where they want to be and we'll talk about that in a second. But if people are still timid and scared to commit sometimes people, you know, they can pay them where they're at, what's state, what's going on in the world and their kind of worldview, they might think, well, I don't know, I'm going to commit to like a year right now. This is like, I don't know what's going to happen six months. So in some cases, you might shorten the term like you went off of them. Okay, well, just we'll go two months and then we'll see where we're at. And we can, you know, revisit your new your program or package, but you really do want to sell a program, which is tied to a length of time. Don't just sell session sessions are really arbitrary. You want to sell a length of time to achieve the goal, right, based on the needs of the client. So focus on a package for a length of time. That's really the best way to frame this. People don't want sessions. They don't want to understand sessions. They understand, get me to my goal. So just big thing I want to share here that was, don't discount price. Don't think you have to go cheaper. You have to drop your prices because, you know, there's, you know, trouble in the world today. The reality is you don't. You just have to sell outcomes, not time, not location. The value of your outcome hasn't changed. Now the market might have shifted. Maybe you're not going to serve like, you know, the low end of the market. You're going to serve more than middle road of the market. Now, that's okay. But people still have money to invest in health and fitness. People still are investing in their health and fitness. Our industry is not going away. It's here. And frankly, people are more frustrated because they're not really want to be the health fitness and they have a lot of businesses that have this figured out right now are growing through the cycle. And that's what we want for you. Once you take advances, I've seen growth through this cycle. So this is what this looks like. This is example of articles around what personal training is. Virtually how it works. This is what a lot of our clients are doing our doing contact education and offering free introsessions. This is not an example of social content. You're explaining what is what having coach means versus watching videos online. So working with a coach is community, training technique, custom program time. It's not more isolation. It's not watching the trainer exercise. And it's not one size fits all right. This starts to really highlight educate the benefits of working with a coach. You versus watching YouTube and Instagram workouts. Right. Not going to help the client. You are going to help the client. Here's how. Here's why. Answering frequently asked questions. Things like objections you might have. People say, I like this crazy. I don't have the time or I'm not good with technology or I'm not having a space or I can't afford it. I just can't do it in my own. It's not a social is going in studio. These are all questions. And if you expand, you can see these are all being answered and overcome. And that's what we're doing. We're just educating people around why they're limiting beliefs around why they can't move forward right now or don't make sense. And they're just thinking about this incorrectly. So this is education and positioning explaining what it is, how it works, why they should choose you. So positioning you as someone who's passionate about the marketing wants to serve them and so on. This is an example of social proof. So doing a brief interview with your clients and sharing this is a three minute video of clients. You know, hey, explain the value got from working with us virtually and why you recommend this to other people just like you. We have clients are doing these interviews like this with all their clients at home right now. They're sharing these videos on their websites and their social and making that offer to come try for you for a session. Again, this social proof is really powerful because people start to see themselves in these characters. They see, well, this guy's doing it, his wife's doing it. Honey, maybe we could do this too. It's maybe better than us watching, you know, more Netflix tonight and drinking a bottle of wine. Maybe we should be doing work out. Maybe we feel better tomorrow, right? So this is really helpful to have social proof everywhere we can. And then we want to set up a landing page set up a simple funnel. This is something we've helped over clients do. We can explain to you how to do the copy. We actually templates ready to go. We're offering people either free classes, free sessions, or positioning the value of free session, limited time, how to get it now. Some are clients even doing groups are now offering a free week trial, free seven day trial. This is one of our clients in the birth that doesn't essence see Jim and offering one week trials now for term note coaching. So number three is really sales and sales is where the rubber meets the road. It's where a lot of people fail because they're not effective at leading conversations. They're scared to ask for money. We don't know how like it's kind of like you know you went on a great date and date was awesome. Every had a great time and you're walking up to the door to say goodnight and you don't know how to go for the kiss. This is like not knowing how to go for the kiss. You know how to sell and you have to have some confidence and experience and training to so you can overcome your issues and you can actually help the relationship move forward. So you need to learn how to sell and leading sales is really just how to lead effective conversation and commitment to goals. So this is the process we teach in the teaching since 2006 hasn't changed. We just helped personalize some of the tools and scripts for online versus offline. But it's the same process of making sure we pre-qualify people which really just make sure they can of A4 to and B make a buying decision. Both of those are critical to make a sale. Number one report. So help people know like and trust you. Help people to relax to begin a conversation. Discovery, having the right questions to ask that helps you understand a client's needs and really helps them understand their needs which is what we're doing step three is to really help them someone who calls holding up the mirror, summarize what they told you. What I heard you say was this this this this this this is that right and this is really important because people don't understand what their needs are they they know they have a problem but they don't know what their needs are and that as a coach you can help them understand what they told you are their needs. And then you can just transition that to help explain the problem. What is the root cause of these problems of not having knowledge, not having support, not having working with a coach, trying to watch you know do YouTube workouts that are templated for someone else not for you. All these things of where people get off the track went help them understand the root cause of the problem and then we're going to present your solution. We recommend presenting the solution is a visual presentation. We have a little deck template we share it's kind of like this one where you personalize to your logo your names and images and the clients you work with and really just explaining how we the process of how we take some where they aren't to where they want to be. This is really critical in your presentation process. It's also part of what we teach in the NSM business accelerated course. We go right through the sales system in NSM business accelerated. So check it out if you don't have that course already. And then closing we like to teach with all the choice clothes. It's really just offering someone the opportunity to move forward with their goals. So we'd say you know based on what you're what you're told in your goals, I'd recommend either option number one or option number two which ones best for you. And somebody that's going to say one or two or really going to voice objection. And if they've voice objection we go into the bonus round called objection handling and there's a five step process we teach for handling objections. But generally speaking 80% of your sales are we close from having good prequalification process and a good problem building process. When you able to communicate effectively those two steps you close basically all your sales. So because it's really clear for people to understand what their issues are, what how you work the value solution and able to say yes. So this is critical. The most important piece you need to learn whether you're just starting online or starting offline you have to learn how to sell if you want to launch your career. So I recommend without a doubt if you nothing else take away from this conversation today than invest in learning your business education when comes to having effective leadership and sales conversations. This is the most important thing you've got to learn. Okay. Next is lead generation. So once we've done that then we we have a plan for actually lead generation. Lead generation is very simple. This is where people are really over complicated and make it very difficult. By the way, they spend all this time trying to figure out like advanced tactics for Facebook pixels and targeting and ads and all the stuff that's really confusing when you really just learn how to sell and that's some basic things to get in front of more the right people which is pretty easy. So it just comes down to honest I like to explain lead generation is like fishing you want to know the fish you want to catch the who you want to serve you want to have the right beta offer. In this case for all I'm going to talk about the free trial and free session. Anyone have the right strategy when the easiest strategy is just some simple referrals and networking right now for your short of influence and you want to have some content that you're going to share to educate the market like we talked about what it is and how it works. And then really the right pond where you're going to go fishing right and this is important because I can have the great fishing rod I can have the great bait I can stick that thing in my bathtub I'm never going to catch a fish because there's no fish in my bathtub. I want to catch a tuna again above I go out the ocean and then I put the bait front of the tuna right tuna bites the bait I really want to fish. Same thing when it comes to fishing for clients you've got to have these things in place and you've got to work it's really easy to find clients because there's luckily there's basically the whole world right now is gaining weight getting weaker because they're stuck at home isolated and they don't feel good about that along with the scozo on the more uncomfortable they're getting and so people know they need to take action and they know this is difficult to do on the road so they know they need help and this is where you can show up and be that beacon of help and support and guidance that your clients need in the world needs right now. I believe coaches the ability to change the world and change the lives one at a time and so this is the opportunity you have to do so. So you do this and great things happen this one of clients in San Jose, California, Austin is just been crushed his online training program right now is when we're actually at any SM, a trainer that we met at Optimus, our work with Sylvia, she's our work with us and October she's been good. Fantastic is grown through this now having our best ones ever which is fantastic. So we're a client that does Pilates in Singapore, who's doing fantastic semi-private training Pilates. So whatever your model, whatever type of clients you want to work with wherever you live in the world, the systems and tools and methods I'm sharing with you are going to work for you, growing your business and you've got to grow your business education if you want to sustainable career. So some questions for you, think about are you promoting or are you actually learning to get a strategy in place and you need to become a strategist, don't just try to be a guy with a bell, you know, selling sandwiches. Number two, the who understand the who is everything. That's all a business. So understanding the problems you love helping someone solve, what success looks like to them, understand your offer and your message and then really how you're going to lead someone to say yes to commit to the journey to become the person who want to become that coaching conversation, that sales conversation is the most important conversation you're ever going to lead someone through. Then number five, get a plan of how you're going to get fine and get in front of the right perspective client. So this is where we come down here, lead generation, strategy and plan. We've put those things together, the four steps and you're off the races with Sonium clients and you've got a great value of those clients, report some success stories and testimonials and use that back in to go get more clients and we keep going and that's how you build a business. Just one of the early stages to start building business online, there's more to come out so you have to progress. So in summarized this whole thing, there has never been a better time to commit to growing your business online than now. There's a tremendous opportunity right now in the market and the longer this COVID goes on, the longer people are at home, stuck and they need help and they're looking for answers and solutions to problems. You have that opportunity to step up and serve and a powerful way right now service is what it makes the world go around. So commit to serving people, getting on your own insecurities and fear and discomfort and just going to serve other people who need your help. If you're going to step up and serve other people, there's unlimited opportunity for you and I truly believe in this exact quote, you know, if you can get anything you want by helping enough other people get what they want and that's true now more than ever can help them finish. Number two, learn what online training is and how it works for you. So, you know, thinking about the client you want to serve, what is the right journey of how you can serve them and things that you would offer that's going to be really specific to get them to where they want to be. Right net journey is going to look a little different depending on the types of clients you work with, but you want to map out the journey you want to get a plan in place to serve that client. And then number three, you make money by committing to strategy, not promotion. You know, you can just say, I'm a trainer, I'm a trainer, I'm a trainer, sign up, sign up, not going to get you very far. You want to become a strategist and that's where you get into studying, understand and get a battle plan in place with all the components you need to be successful in growing your business and learning how to inspire people or need to understand them, learning how to find and gauge them, all those parts of customer acquisition and learning how to build and run. These parts of the machine, these skills required to build a business. So, I'm going to open up for some Q&A in a second here, but I want to hopefully encourage you if you're listening to this and you're wanting to visit possible for you to be successful in your career. Can you do this? This is work for you. I hope you've been inspired by some of the stories and examples that we're seeing now, really, the past six weeks or so. We've helped 4,000 fitness professionals and studio owners go online, launch online, build their client base online. This is possible for you as well with your brand. You're just starting out. You've been around a little while. I hope you're encouraged to go pursue this and to invest in your business education because you need business education. Just as much as you need fitness education if you want to make money and have a sustainable career. So, I'm going to open up for questions. I know I won't get to all the questions here today. That's what I want to encourage you guys and off you a call to get Clare's Strategy Session. I'm going to put the link in the chat here. It's the MP coaches, corner.com. You can click on that link and you can schedule to see a Clare's Strategy Session. This is an individual 60 minute call to get your questions answered. No charge. The only request I have is we do have a team that is very, very busy. We've just actually increased our hiring right now to support all the growth happening right now. People that want help with their business in the fitness industry, which is a busy time in the around the world. Our times are precious. If you're serious about finding about how you're a business, you want to get your individual questions answered and schedule time and show up. Please don't take a slot and then go to us and then take that up to you away from someone else who needs the help and serious about getting help. So encourage you to check this out at npcochisecorner.com and learn more about really the option for you and where you can go and hopefully get you some direction. If we can help you, you're not great. No worries. We're here from you. We're here for you and love to support you if and when you're ready at some point down the road. I'll leave this up on the screen and then open up for some Q&A to get to your questions. But I won't get to everybody. You can check us out at npcochisecorner.com and courage to do that with four to talk with you soon. Okay, so let me pull up the Q&A and we will get to the questions that have come across. Thanks again for your needs, but hand some of these in the chats. Thanks again for all that support. All right, question here. You might get to this, but how does all my training compare when they can compete with the new smart fitness systems, such as tonal, etc. I'm not familiar with tonal, so maybe you can explain that a little more to me and I will answer that question a little more detail. I mean, all in training, hopefully I'll give an example of that in the journey. This is live coaching and really, well, this is this is coaching. Sometimes it's live, sometimes it's remote, and sometimes it's just sending a program, and sometimes it's getting on video and actually queuing movement through an exercise or through a workout. So this looks like different things to different segments of the market, of how we also mean the job of coaches to lead someone to solve their problems, she's a goal. So whatever they need and whatever components we got to bring into the equation to help get them from here to there, you know, that's our job as coaches. So that's what it looks like and we customize that journey given that the who you want to serve and what their needs are. All right, so Brett Cohen's the Sean, I've been touched with all my current former clients, you know, text phone calls and is that there's only 50% in all my training live. So people already know like Justin Payme, don't want to do it, how am I going to get people out of two, don't know like Justin to do it. So Brett, we need to unpack this little further. You definitely benefit from a individual conversation. We can get into a few more questions that are standing. I'll do my best to kind of cover this right now, but the barrier for a lot of cases is in the statement right there. People don't want online training. No, they don't. And they don't want in-person training either. And they don't want sessions and they don't want you. What they want is to solve a problem or achieve a goal. That's what they want. And generally speaking, they're wanting to solve a problem should we go hasn't stopped. They still want to lose weight. They still want to look better naked. They still want to get out of pain. They still want to feel strong. But all those things are still present. The desires are still there. What is in the way is, hey, they don't want to stand what all the training is. And they know they don't want on their training. So if you're saying do you want online training? Like, no, I don't. But if you explain, you know, what it is, how it works, your examples of success. And you ask them, do you still want to lose weight? I'm going to say yes. Why aren't you taking action to do this weight? Because they don't understand what the product or solution is or how it works. And they're also feeling very challenged right now because there's new obstacles in their way, right? So it's like, do you want to get to the side of this wall? Yes, I do. Okay, why aren't you moving? Well, because the walls really high. And frankly, the walls even higher now, because now I got kids from school and I'm working home and I'm more stressed out. And it's easy to just order your reads. And so the barriers are going up for people to be successful. It's more things in the way of them getting to where they want to be. And so our job is a coach to help them understand new ways that can get over the wall and help lower the wall to make it easier to get it all. That's what we do as coaches. So you're engaging the conversation the wrong way, really. And you're not effectively leading the conversation, which tells me that you need training on sales. You have a sales problem, not a marketing problem. So you have people who are interested in solving problems you have to go, but you don't know how to lead the conversation powerfully to, for them understand and to commit to the journey. There's probably some other things we got to solve for too. We got to figure out the journey. We got to figure out what they're need, you know, what type of client you work with and what does the program look like and how to communicate that and educate them and how to we invite them to come try it out. All of the things I talk about to our relevant, but bottom line is you got to grow in your skill sets and capabilities. So that's the problem. You don't have the skills you need to be an effective communicator and to inspire them to commit and we have to help you grow in that area. So that's a job you don't. Okay, other questions for someone brand new to the industry and minimal experience work with clients in the gym, what with the first step speed. Yeah, I mean, you know, the first steps are getting clear on the vision and the plan and that's something we can definitely talk about one on one if you like at the NP coaches corner, but you're really understand, you know, what's your passion? What are the types of clients that you are inspired to work with? What are the problems you love solving? Do you love working on foul loss? Do you know the working on bodybuilding? Do you love working on getting seniors out of pain? What are the types of clients you want to work with? What are the problems you like to solve? That's kind of the first step is kind of knowing where you want to go explore. It doesn't mean, you know, I might start here with moms and, you know, six months in an eighth, aside, I want to work with seniors. There are no pro and work with busy professionals or whatever might be, but you want to start to think about the who you want to work with and what problem you want to solve. That's kind of the first step. And generally speaking, you know, you're going to say, you probably don't want to work with bodybuilders, grandmas, kids, seniors all at the same time. So thinking about the who you're inspired to work with and that you love working with and thinking about the problem you love solving. Like I just geek out or studying the stuff and help people solve these problems, those are the places we want to kind of start to begin. It's knowing the who and the what you like to do. And then once we start there, we start to get a vision of where you're going to go because all success and business starts with the who. So we got to start with the who not with you. We got to understand the who, understand well, who you like and what you want to work on. But then we got to start to understand that who and how to connect and engage the who and then we understand kind of our, our packaging or pricing or model and how to sell it, how to engage with them and all kind of things come next. But starts with the who. So I encourage you to think about the who and definitely reach out. We can can unpassable further give you some direction. I love to help you with that. Okay, Tiffany says how do you manage taxes if we're from Cleans International and American who is New Zealand and a more context in the US. Yeah, so I mean, that's a great question for accountants. So if you're American, I'm American. I'm going to start right now. I'm still declared a US resident at this point. But if you're declared New Zealand resident, it's the same tax status rate. You've got to pay US taxes and you probably have to pay New Zealand taxes if you're declared New Zealand residents. So you pay both. And as far as tax and clients, most cases for online services, you don't tax the client. And I'm a New Zealand, I'm not sure. I mean Australia, you know, GST tax. You don't charge GST if someone is outside Australia. So I don't not sure New Zealand's if you have to charge tax and services for someone that you serve outside New Zealand, like even the UK, like UK, you charge back. But if they live outside, UK, they don't have to pay that. They have a bad accept number. So, generally that's going to be the case. But I encourage you to check with your content if you have specific questions on that. All right, you might get to this. Sorry, the other question here. Answer that one. How much about the chart? How much do you charge it? Yeah, so charging them. I encourage you to, so it's first going to be based on kind of the who, understanding what the needs are. And if it's, if it's more like, I'm going to do every session with you, that's very similar to how you price and package a traditional in-person training service. If it's more of an example of the I'm going to program for you and send you work out once a week, and I'm just going to check in tax, the email, and once a month we'll kind of do a call or buy weekly or really a call. We're going to do more of a consultation like this, and that's a different type of service, and different amount of our time. We're going to price and package it differently. So, we actually have pricing and packaging calculators. We have one for kind of a typical journey we're doing in a recession together. We have one for more of the consulting type of relationship. And essentially without being able to take you through all the stuff, and this is definitely something that Kajur's scheduled to call. We can get them more depth on. Again, it starts with the who's the customer and what the need is, the customer help them get the goal. That's start there and then it's okay great. This is what they need and how to price it and how to package it. How to price and package it. Kind of depends on that of time. You're going to invest in the relationship and the work, right? Because we got a value of your time is the most born asset. You can't be giving away your time for free because your time has value, and that's how you get paid to keep doing this business. So, a bit of a process we go through to figure this out. Again, it's not a one size fits all at the pens on the who, what you're going to offer, how to work to get your going to work together and what those levels look like and the time you're going to invest in the programming or support so on. And then we figure out a rate, then we have a calculator we kind of pull it together in a package. And I recommend selling packages is very important to build sales sessions because again, no one wants a session, session of the arbitrary. I can't understand if you want one session, 10 session, 100 sessions, why don't want any sessions? I just want to achieve this goal. So, your job is to really explain this is part of the sales process. To achieve this goal, it's going to take about this like the time and this is why recommendation of what we should the package of how we're going to work to get there. So, your job is to connect the dots and that's what's the most powerful in selling. And not just selling, but in leading and a client to commit to the journey. It's only committing to sessions. They're not really committing to an outcome in the journey. And that's where we're going to, that's where we can be a better coach. It's not just a session, but lead them to commit to the journey and the length of time and what's required to fulfill the journey to get to where they want to be. So, that's how we get there. And I'm sorry, it's an, I can't just answer that quickly for you to, to patent the answers of the pens. That's how we get to that and happy down the pack that'll further you. Again, we are going to have lemon slots and these do get filled up every time we get on one of these calls, but you can go grab one before they're gone at MPCoatjustCoiner.com. And if they're all taken, then my apologies, no routine is super busy right and just check back into where I'll sometimes we get cancellations and the slot opens up. Okay, let me keep going here. Is there data on the demographics of client participating in the model? No, Chris, there's really every type of client participating in this model because everybody's stuck at home and everybody's in their mind and everybody needs and wants to do better. And they you know, they appreciate the value of a coach and helping them solve that problem. So, I mean, we see it with every type of demographic. We see it, every type of service in every country. It's really, it's tremendous opportunity. So, I hope that I'll make sense and hopefully I'm educating you on how you're going to, but it is a new category. And so, you know, it does require some education to really help, you know, the normal person just kind of thinks, just go to the gym and I can't go to the gym. So, I can't do anything about that right now. You're going to have to educate people and you're going to need to offer them a trial to kind of experience it. All those things to really get, get moving. But, you know, that's how we do it. Okay. So, there you go. Yeah, post your codes exact, the app for remote assessment, any SM and the app is also ton of things in there with demos and programming, I believe, as well. That's credit to bills to check that out. Nancy says, a peer secured live building insurance is a particular live building transfer in specific to online training. There, you do talk with your current insurance company about this. And actually, there's, you know, simple forms and waivers who would have someone signed as well. Those are kind of templates and tools we offer that give some direction there to protect your liability. Again, that depends on your state and in some of those things as well. But, yes, you can talk to your insurance provider and yes, you should have agreement with that, you know, just like you would have in person, you have agreement or waiver that addresses those components. So Sarah asks, how do you determine the percentages of impact of these aspects of living clients to success? Yeah, great questions. That's on the value of coaching graph, the pie chart. The answer is that varies depending on the who, right? So beginners, some areas are going to be more relevant like the cannibalistic supporters going to be tremendous. The program is going to be very simple. So it's going to be smaller percentage because your program is basic programming. But we're going to provide a lot of a cat and go to support to get it done where advanced exercises, program is going to be more advanced. It's going to be bigger percentage of the pie. And technique is going to be really important. And maybe less about some of the other areas. So again, just interesting, the who is kind of what, how that morphs a little bit. But those are the components for everybody. That's, that's what we do and that's how we do it. So hopefully that makes sense. Mike Farrow can soon run me how to get into NPE. He might just seen there was a webinar for a council. Yeah. So to find out more about NPE, just go to npecoachescorner.com. So NPE coaches corner.com. So right what you see on your slide here. If you type in at URL and I popped in the chat, put it in there one more time. And you can schedule call to get a call to get clear strategy session. And we will be happy to answer questions. I understand a little more about you and your goals. Explain how business education works. So we're programs. And if we have a good fit, we're happy to give you information on that and hopefully we might work together. So check that out. Okay. Keith asked what video library you recommend that can be used to demonstrate movements. So I believe there's a ton of movements on the NESM YouTube channel. I believe you can also set an NESM edge apps. Those are available. And there's some more resources coming out for you. There's well. So there's that's an easy part. There's a ton of available resources for you for demos. Okay. One, this is great in finding these times challenging but also promising. There are new options and opportunities for fitness coaches, new and practical exercises we provide to our clients. Always value the contribution of bringing your clients is really awesome. Yeah, I want that's really the key is it's a big challenge and we consider it. We can cry about it and maybe that's good for a day or two and then we got to get to work. And the thing about getting to work is not just as important for you to pay your bills and keep going with your career. But even more than that, there's people that really need your help. They're stuck at home and they need help to get moving and to get on track for their goals and they just don't, they're overwhelmed with how to get there. They don't know how to get there and they don't have the support. That's where you can step up and you can serve in a powerful way and there's because of that opportunity to serve because that need in the market why coaches matter now more than ever. Why there's not a change in computer really grow through this. Really redefine really the types of clients you want to work with and that you love work with most and with you at very specific about building a great business around a great customer base you love work with. So that's a tremendous opportunity for you. Melissa asked you advice shorting session time. Half-hourished scenarios as having hard-time concentrating. Just depends. I think in most cases people are shortening the session time. There's less like we just do an hour session but it'd be like getting the gym, you know, banter, kind of get sorted, you know, better time. We've based a lot of time. Now those sessions that we're now are cutting for like 45 minutes or 40 minutes. If these to be half or half hour or cutting them to like 20 minutes and you're really we don't need a lot of time we just need the right dose and the effective dose response, right? So in most cases you can get more efficient. The concentration, that's really about you keeping engaging and you know having keep the climbing fun and you know having making it fun, you know, to go do this and keeping them focused. You know it's just this end of the year in person. You're just going to do your mode. But we have to stop the way you communicate the way we coach virtually has to be better than in person. So we have to we have to come better coaches right now and how we lead and engage and communicate with the client and those that are going to step up and grow and their skills are right now. You know again the opportunity is there. We just have to get better and we have to lean into this opportunity to get better and not just you know be mad because things work the way they were. I'm sorry they weren't they aren't where they are and you know get to work and the opportunity is there if you want to go to work. So okay hopefully that's all really helpful. I think how can to get a job with NPE. Yeah well we're hiring so check us out NPEFITUS.com. We just hired a brand new brand new coach for our team just just two weeks ago and said to have them on the team and what we hiring again soon. So okay Brett says they're all golfers who can play golf okay. Yeah I mean fun stuff you can do with golf. If you can do a virtual you know virtual golf stuff right now and all kinds of things you could do with those clients. So definitely it's a great opportunity. Again happy to chat with you Brett if you want to check us out NPECUTUS.com. So all right I think these are I'm not going to get to all these questions I appreciate all the questions we're getting. I don't think I'm going to be able to answer all these in particular we're going to have to get running nowhere at a 95 minutes here. So I hope inspired you guys to really to just think about the opportunity because there is a massive opportunity right now and not just for the success of your career but because the market needs your help and if you want to go be successful and you want to help more people then really I want you to understand that business education is just as important as your fitness education. An NPE and Annie Stammer here to support you we care about you. We're excited to help you grow in these new skills and the abilities and tools that you need to launch your career to build a client base online or offline in the weeks and months ahead. An apps encourage you to check us out if you want more and have a conversation you can book an individual call at npcochiscordin.com and we'll also have this webinar replay available to you. I usually put this on replay the next 24 hours so watch for a link to go watch the replay those who asked about that and look this is just this is exciting it's a challenging time we got to go to work but it's also really fun time it's exciting time and you can make a big difference in your career big difference in how come more people out there when you step up and learn and grow so I hope it's been inspiring to do that it's great to talk with you guys fun as always we look forward to sharing more in this topic in the weeks and months ahead we wish you all very well have a great day and take care bye bye