Welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast, and our Facebook Live webcast. My name is Rick Richie, and today I have the honor, privilege, and absolute delight to have one of my friends that I've known for many years. I think probably I've met him a year or two after starting with NASM, but he had been with NASM far longer than me. I think so I'm not sure there was a hiccup, there he was working there and then maybe he wasn't because I never saw him and then all of a sudden he was getting all these workshots and I wanted to teach. But I want to give a shout out to my friend now, I didn't like him at first, but my friend now, Ken Miller, Ken, thanks for being on with his man. Oh man, the honor and pleasure is my man. I was actually wondering, okay, it's like, did I do some wrong look to Rick because it's totally interviews and I haven't, my phone hasn't rang yet, but no, this the honor pleasure and distinction is all mine. Spam this time with you here today, Rick. No, thanks, brother. I appreciate it. This is not our first podcast together either. We were hold up in a room in Shanghai. Is that right? We were in Shanghai. It was Shanghai. It was Shanghai. It was a different podcast, one that I had with a business partner and another NASM, Master instructor named Aaron Droguzeski and he was not with us, but we went and we did the podcast and I just really enjoyed having you on in Mike Fantagrossi was there, Princess Rhodes, Nate was on with us as well, and I've got Nate scheduled to come on the show in a few weeks. But, set around, we were batting around ideas, we were just talk fitness and really one of the cool things about doing the podcast. And so many ways we spend time, okay, can we identify research, can we talk about the issues, can we do it? But sometimes it's fun just to sit with a group of people and wrap about the industry and about what we do and who we are and what we expect and what we see and that's what we do in conversation. We sit down, we chat with each other. And so that's what I want to have today, but with the little more direction because there are some things I'm interested in that I know you know about. And I'm going to tap you on the shoulder for all of those things. The first thing I want to talk about and I think that some people might be pretty interested is the NSM Master Trainer course. And I think people have probably been hit with some emails and say, what is this Master Trainer course? What is it? What do I get from it? What can it do for me? And then I want to get into talking about recovery and regeneration and what we're talking about we did to that with Dr. Bragg last week when we talked about sleep specifically and I thought that was great, but we can get into a lot more different content with you. So with all that being said before we go any further, tell us a little bit about who you are, your education, your background professionally, all that stuff and then let's jump into that NSM Master Trainer course. Okay, well, you know how much I love talking about myself, so that'll be about 20 seconds. Well, like you, I went through the California University of Pennsylvania for my Master's degree and believe it's an injury prevention and the performance enhancement. It's been since what 2005 is when I went through that program initially for the Masters and I was the second chord to come through. I bring that up because it opened the doors for me to do a lot of other things. So with the majority of my career being in personal training, I was personal training in 1994 after I finished my my bachelor's in exercise science. So did corporate wellness for a while went on to work with then family fitness, but they merged to become 24 hour fitness back in the day. So as a part of that early evolution of that company, so as that was a great experience, you know, being 24 years old and and being a fitness manager and, you know, having five, you know, five, ten trainers working under and you're like, you know, I just not a train. I never learned how to manage. Right. Yeah, that young age. But that propelled me to do other things and then, you know, as far as working with different health clubs and the West Coast primarily, but my Masters in 2005 and that opened the door for me to become a strength conditioning coach. So when we talk about reconditioning, we return to play recovery, gain a lot of experience just because of working with football, gymnastics, golf, softball, the word my respective sports. And then I assisted with lacrosse soccer and I was actually an assistant for the football team as well for as far as strength conditioning goes. But the exposure to work with athletes from the performance side, but also to be able to apply what I've learned through the National Academy Sports Medicine with corrective exercise. I became that strength coach where, you know, okay, this guy's got a spring ankle. He can't participate with the team right now on the field or in the weight room. So hey, let's give him the Miller. Yeah. So then I, yeah. So I, and I was also that guy, you know, in the health club, right? Someone's got low back as you. Someone has a shoulder issues like, okay, you need to go to cat, right? So basically harvesting, you know, those collective experiences both working with general population. And high level athletes, you know, gaming opportunity work at the professional level with some few select players baseball, basketball, and football, right? But as far as all that goes, you know, that's that's where when we talk about recovery regeneration, that's when I've been able to take my experience and apply that to basically what I do here at my facility here in Alameda, California. So that's about that as far as if you want to am in what I do, but as far as what I do with National Academy of Sports Medicine, I'm one of the regional master instructors along with Marty Miller, and of course Wendy Bats, and we're just there to help foster and develop other instructors that teach the OPT model, right? So, so that's about it for my experience. So 25 plus years of experience that I, you know, that I'm just trying to share with whoever I can share with whether it's within an ASM or other things that I do from an education standpoint. That's awesome, man. You did a great leap in that under 20 seconds, I think. It makes me my watch as I think I've started studying time. So with what you do is one of the regional master instructors for an ASM, from what I know, a big part of what you'll do has to do, or maybe just you specifically, has a lot to do with the development of the master trainers and the people who are going through this course. Now, I get questions quite a bit. I answer them to the best of my ability, but this is your wheelhouse. So I do want to kind of use you while you're here to talk about it. What is that when people ask me these questions, this is what the questions are going to ask you. What is it? What am I going to learn? And what is it going to be able to do for me? Okay. So what is it? It's basically that next evolution as far as your experience with the National and Academy Sports Medicine. So what we do is we look for, so for those personal trainers that are an ASM CPT and they've gone through at least two specializations and the specializations that we hone in on are the corrective exercise specialists and the performance enhancement specialists. So, and if you remember early on with the OBT model, Rick, that it had seven phases. That's right. Versus the five that we have now that we expanded into the CES and then of course with the PES, we have that second phase of power development. So basically to go back to where someone has a full working knowledge, practical experience, having at least two years as a personal trainer strength coach. Somebody that works with other human beings in getting them to move better for form better and then they can actually put their knowledge and experience to the test. So now that as they fulfill the qualifications, at least two specializations, current CPT, they go through an online course, which is then audited by myself and other instructors for the program. So again, can you talk us through what those courses or modules, what is what is in at what are they learning from that? So what we're trying to measure there is their understanding of the OBT model, right? Do they understand they keep variables and what it does to affect the adaptations for stabilization strength and the power. So having a functional, you know, just an academic let's just say background on the model, right? Do they know how it works, the progressions, how you modify exercise selection and keep variables and how those things work to influence the body, right? But also things like, why do we do the superset on phase two and why do we do the superset in phase five versus the other phases, right? And then they have to submit a video and the video just, you know, it's another screening process to see, okay, can they put into practice, can they demonstrate what it is that they've done on paper? Because a lot of people, you know, when we take tests, when they study for the NSMCP, they're great with book smarts, but the actual application, do they know when it's a 3, 2, 1 or 4, 2, 2, or a 2, 2, 2, 10 point. You know, I'm throwing some numbers out here. But when we're talking about speed and tempo and how that influences how are we supposed to achieve stabilization while we want to move slow with emphasis in the eccentric loading of the movement, right? And then power, you know, as fast as possible. So we want to know that you know, use you, you can identify, right? What speed looks like and you can modify and cue somebody into the positions with the speed and tempo that they're meant to do. So so you have the written part for as far as the modules go and they have to submit a video and that's what we see, okay, hey, you know, the kinetic change checkpoints will allow line, some things you want to consider, if it's possible, then they go to the live section of the work of the course. And this is where, okay, we say, okay, Rick, show me a phase one exercise for balance, right? So now it's just, we just throw it out at it. It's not scripted, you can't choreograph it because we just kind of take the grab out, okay, here, Rick, is what you're going to do. Right? And then they have to show that they understand, they can think on their feet and they may have that level of copper edge and on the information as it's delivered through the OPET model. So the master trainer saw me once they've gone through us and they're possible, right? They've shown competency to demonstrate and apply the OPET model. You know, there's doors that have been open. So as far as the opportunities that it afford you, one, you know, any of the Sims always looking for subject matter experts. So we've got owners and operated, they have their own facilities. We have trainers that work more in the medical side, right? So more of the corrective exercise, there were alongside physical therapists and we have those that are have baseball emphasis, you know, we have one that's, you know, working with boxers, right? So then, you know, it'll open those doors for you. And I've heard of other trainers giving job opportunities in management experience with management experience, you know, based on their credential because because we're in a world of like specialization this master this master that you need that extra level of distinction that shows, okay, not only do I mastered like this type of equipment or this format of training, but now you can show that, you know, you understand how the OPET model works and you and I both know that if you understand the OPET model, you can work with any body, right? And you relatively healthy individual. And if they're not relatively healthy, then you know what to do with the information that you need from, you know, say someone coming from a referral from the physical therapists or a chiropractor. So so there's a lot that goes into it. And I've seen trainers that really took advantage of it and you know, started their own businesses and started their own training systems and opened up their own shows. So it's great to see these guys that have come to the master trainer summit and what they've been doing with it. Yeah. What one of the things that I found probably the most interesting, we go back to the testing and the live testing that you were talking about, I love it. Things are great ideas. Good to meet people and know who they are and see them and meet them and greet them face to face. And listen to what they know and what's interesting is that I found that the majority of people that ended up not passing that live portion pass it, because of almost just one thing trying to do something to sexy to like let me show you how much I know as opposed to showing what we're asking them to do. Right. So we ask you specifically a thing about the model and when they start throwing in burpees or drop jumps that are outside of that particular phase of the model, they're trying to show that they're fun and lively maybe, but they also in that show that they don't know about the model and what phase and what progressions that we're looking at. And that's what I found. Not so much that people can't identify five kinetic chain checkpoints or people don't understand that overhead squatter a single leg squat assessment or pushing and pulling programming. They really just try to show that they know more than they do and it ends up showing that they don't know the model itself. Right. Exactly. And that's, you know, I mean, and you've been a part of those, you know, a number of those master trainer summits and, you know, one of the first things we tell us, you know, don't try to impress us with, you know, you know, trying to be dynamic and, you know, everything that you've done like you said burpees, as someone's doing like kettlebell swings in the stabilization program and they're like, okay, well, it does have its place, but, you know, we just want to know that you can demonstrate this phase of training, don't, you know, I just want the burger, forget about all the other stuff that goes on it, right? Just, just give me what I want and then yeah, they actually talk themselves out of passing more than anything else, but then once you dive deeper and it's like, yeah, you know what you know, right? And you actually have a working knowledge of the OBT model, but you know, don't try and impress, you know, Rick, me, Wendy, Martin, you know, it's like, we just, can you have somebody doing overhead squat and can you perform a workout based on your observations? That's it. Don't you think that's it? Most people seem like they try to, to make their money on the condiments and nobody knows how to make the burger. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, it's rare. They wanted, they say, hey, this sauce, tried this sauce and this, this, this, and then we're going, hey, but what is it going on? What's the meat of your program? And everybody, and this is not people necessarily going through the course. It is the fitness industry. The fitness industry in general, not as a whole, as a generalization, are really trying to become professionals at condiments and not professional at the meat of what programming is. Right, exactly. And, and to that point, Rick, there are some things that were, were working on, you know, some initiatives that were trying to, you know, help improve that. So by the time that somebody does get to that point where they're out, they have a live person in front of them. They can actually do that. They can give them what they need. Right, but if someone wants to lose fat, you know, whatever the goal is that they want to achieve, they can, they can give the client what they want, but slide in there, the things that they need using the model. So, so yeah, and I'll talk about that. And during the holidays all the time, yeah, they, you know, box from years before and it would be a toy. And it was not a toy. It would be socks or a church tie or something. And I was like, exactly. But worse Christmas ever. Oh, no, I, this is not a big sense, because that's what happened to me. I think it happens everybody. But then now that, as I'm a parent, it's like, you know, someone asked what did they need? It's like, yeah, they need socks. They need shoes. You know, you didn't care pants if you can't. But right, that's us providing the kids what they need. You know, they want, they want, but you have to give them the things that they need to move better, feel better. Like an iron man box because it will lead to that. The ultimate deception. Exactly. I'm going to give them a deceptic contour. And it's just going to be socks. That's going to be boxed. Gotcha. If I'm not mistaken, I believe that you are also a licensed massage therapist. Is that, is that true? Or did I come back in the, oh, no, you did not make it. All right. Well, it goes back to, well, you know, after I graduated from Cal Poly Pomona, I moved to Las Vegas and working out there. I was I was working as a lifeguard, slipping stairs and tables and all that stuff. But the person who ran the pool also ran the the spa and he goes, hey, you know what? You ever think about becoming a massage therapist and, you know, just kind of hanging out. And it's like, you know what? I have this interest in the body, you know, putting being able to work with people from a manual standpoint, became, you know, one of those things that I say, hey, it's great idea of compliments what I already know. So back in the 1993, I went and got my massage license out of, yeah, and that was us. They had at six hundred and eighty hour course. So well ahead of its time when nationally, you only needed like a couple hundred, couple hundred hour course to take the national exam. But back then, because, you know, there's things that they're trying to mitigate, you know, being in Las Vegas, they really wanted to have a high standard for somebody being able to, for things that we won't talk about. But, you know, just being able to use that experience and use that background to, to use the corrective exercise information that we've learned through the OBT model. And, you know, and I've just been able to use, you know, body work techniques over the years. But especially the lot, you know, since the OBT model came around actually, how to use it from a systemic or a systematic standpoint on how to get somebody to move better. So, and I've been blessed to be able to work, you know, you have direct experience with my Clark, but also close contacts we have with, with Wendy Bats and Tony Amber, right, and how that, because they have their massage licenses as well. So, you know, picking up techniques on how to facilitate movement. And that's, you know, that's been a great compliment to using the OBT model. Yeah, that for me, I did go back to school also for, yeah, for Bats therapy. And that was one of the reasons I wanted to be like, look, I can tell you what to foam roll. I can, I can direct you to a roller and a cane and a back knobber and all of these different things. But one of our friends at formerly at NASM and I consider one of my biggest mentors, leading into the work that I did with NASM was Eric Beard. And he was a massage therapist. And not only was he a massage therapist, he was probably by far one of the best presenters and speakers I've ever heard in my life. Just bow down to him and his knowledge base and his abilities. But he was also a massage therapist and he said, just remember this, nothing beats a good pair of hands. And I thought I need to go back and do that. So I did, I went back and I got my license and massage therapy as well. That was in 2010. And that was after my program that I did at Cal and for the Masters. And I just wanted something else. And now we see and it's a lot the cost of people like you and our friends Scott Mitchell who used to be with us. And everything was about what is region, what is recovery, what is the phone rolling, how can we get people to have an infunction better? And not necessarily, we already were familiar with the exercises, right? We knew that OPPT model, we felt comfortable with the exercises. And we wanted to know more about how do we get people to feel better through means of generation and recovery. And then that's over to me opening a recovery facility in New York City 2018. So awesome place. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, yeah, you've been there and taken advantage. Oh yeah. Yeah. But I want to talk to you about you and what you started doing and how this is, how you've been kind of navigating this during COVID-19. And what are you able to do with your clients and how is that change since this has happened, what you were doing before and what you're doing now with recovery and regeneration? I'll say that the first formal environment that I was able to apply that corrective exercise recovery, you know, a little back in 2010. We weren't we weren't calling a recovery regeneration, right? You know, it's reconditioning, it returned to plays. Kind of the phrase that has been tossed around from that standpoint. So, so when it comes to, you know, working with those athletes at the collegiate environment, I was a great opportunity for me because not only did I have my sports, but I was an assistant towards four other sports, big one being football, right? So, so with softball gymnastics and golf, I ran their programming. So, when I came on board, it was, you know, each one got assessed each one did an overhead squat, over the squat, heels elevated, single leg squat. They all had their individual programming, which they would do every day, right? So, I would, so in an hour-based workout, they would do out of ten minutes of their own individual workout plan. They're their own self-care plan. That was also a plan or a variation they would do when they were traveling, when they were on the road. So, if they got off of a long flight, after a game, they needed their film a little tight. They knew how to take care of themselves. So, if there was tension in the neck, tension in the hips, potential a little back, you know, what, what did they have available to them to take care of themselves? Well, I'm not with them. So, occasionally I travel with my teams. You know, if I had the time off and if a team had the budget, I would travel with them and I would, I would run some light workouts. So, unloading them. So, if it was softball, if it was close enough, I would actually go out there and spend some time with them getting them to recover and regenerate on their own, especially if you're talking about a three-day stint. Now, from injury standpoint, there are two different things, right? So, getting somebody coming back from an injury. So, we had one of our running backs, he had a shoulder issue during season. So, it's like, okay, well, he can't bench, you know, all the traditional, he can't clean. So, what can we do? So, they, you know, they'd send them off to me. So, what would I do? I'd assess them. Wouldn't work, you know, I'd work alongside with the physical therapist on what their treatment plan was, but I would take that time to work on the deficits. He was, he was showing for the rest of the rest of his body. So, a lot of course, you know, if it's, you know, a big, you know, hips being a big thing, you need when you're, when you're running, looked at hip extension, hip internal external rotation. There were enough deficits there that we can focus on that while he's out of commission work on ankle mobility, hip mobility. And at the same time, I would do a phase. So, he was good enough to do a phase two. So, getting him to bench, and then immediately followed up with a ball push-up. And Neil is to say, you know, you get through that first set of that superset of strength and stability. He was done. I'm taking 45 pound plates off, you know, to where he was down to, like, you know, 135 pounds from starting off the first set to 85. Right? But those are the things that, you know, when you talk about recovery, re-conditioning, you know, just building up that ability to stabilizing, control your body before you get back into the traditional power and strength that most sports are built around. So, so putting it all together has just been the accumulation of, of high exposure, high opportunity to work with different sports, different issues, you know, working with swimmers, working with baseball, which I've been doing more so these last few years, or than anything else. And you just have to, you know, you have to listen to the athlete, you know, because, you know, one of the things that I found is that the athlete becomes the injury. Yeah. Yeah. The athlete becomes injury, and that's the opposite of the case. The athlete is still the athlete, but the injury just happens to be a part of who they are today. So, you know, it kind of flipped the switch on, you know, a little bit to talk about, you know, return to play, but when it comes to recovery, regeneration, it's a, it's a ride along that now working with like I just had a training session this morning, client did an all nighter. So, I'm like, dude, we're done. We're not working out because you're going to get so much more from sleep than you are from anything more than we can do together. So, we talk about recovery in regener, you got to look at the total package. So, you had that, yeah, that webinar the other week about the importance of sleep and hydration and sleep hygiene. And the number one thing is, you know, can you sleep because the sleep is going to affect how you perform the next day, actually two days, right, when you're sleep deprived. So, so, getting sleep under control and then looking at the exercise exercise, the movement component, getting blood flow, reoxygenating the blood, breathing techniques, and kind of wrapping that into, you know, going beyond the OPT model and, you know, working on stability, strength, and power, but even under the corrective exercise standpoint, you know, there's a lot of things that we can incorporate like, like we mentioned about, you know, just just breathing techniques, being more mindful, have incorporating some meditation. So, just so, you know, like, this is stuff that I was not saying five years ago, right, and 10 years ago, right. So, when you talk about recovery regeneration, it's, you know, understanding that even reading a magazine that you enjoy or sitting down and reading a book that you can catch up on, you know, getting that mind to relax, so that the body can relax, so that when you're now time to put demand on it, it can be a more responsive because it has had some time to, you know, recuperate regenerate from all that stress that you put into it, you gotta find some way to take it out. So, a lot of times, you know, now it's about, okay, how can we fit this into 10-minute, five-minute modules throughout the day? Or is it about that one hour or half hour program that you're going to do three times a week? So, when we, you know, that's a big, that's a big question, you know, it's like about recovery regeneration because it's individualized and you're going to have to look at your constraints of time, the equipment that you have available, and the environment that you're going to be in, because now as we start opening up, people are starting to travel more, they're starting their commute, people are going to start getting on planes, so that aspect of how they recover from the stresses of travel or sitting behind the desk or, you know, anything that you're going to do, you know, throughout the day, a lot, how do you take that stress out and get the body what it needs to, you know, recover, get that recovery process so that when you come back up again and you want to reintroduce stress, whether it's work or exercise, right, you're going to be stronger for it. Yeah, I think that's the bigger picture. We look at things like the nervous system and how the nervous system actually affects the indecrinsystem and how it affects our regulation of inflammation and how we respond to pain and this bio-psychosocial component to pain, and as a matter of fact, my physical therapist that I use here in New York City, this name's Pete Schultz, a dynamic sports physical therapy. What they've started doing is they've got some kind of self-guided meditation and they put little sense on you to measure that you have decreased your sympathetic nervous system that your parasympathetic response is much better. In some cases, we've stopped, you know, at the last 10 minutes or so, a lot of times, Pete's will do icing. He said, we, we actually transitioned a lot of people out of the icing. Don't worry about the ice, down directly at your nervous system, and then they quantify it, and that's the kind of stuff I love, right? They'll show your heart rate drop down at there's so many different variables that they can measure, and we kind of like these quantifiable things. We like tools and toys for things like that, that can measure it. But, you know, I think it's a, I think it's a nice addition, and it's something, you know, that's kind of stuff that's used at recover, but different technology. Do you see that kind of take space in the fitness industry and beyond what we see in yoga or maybe some other practices that we have quantifiable in actual gyms and facility? Yeah, I mean, it's like, you know, the only problem with that, I mean, we're going to come in out with tools. I mean, you got the, you know, you've got, I've got a sleep app, you know, there's the aura, the ring, you know, things that look at quality of sleep. Now, the, the question that follows, and it's the bigger question is, what are you going to do with all that information? Now, we can come out with all the diagnostics and assessment tools, but the question is, is what are you going to do with it? Like, I had one of the trainers that works out of here, you know, she got one of those bands and she saw it's like, well, I guess I wasn't sleeping as much as I thought I was, right? You know, because, you know, to get eight hours of sleep, you actually need to be in bed really about nine, nine and a half hours in some cases, right? So my, my question is, well, what are you going to do with that information? Right? Are you going to, are you going to turn off a TV earlier? Are you going to, you know, stop cruising social media the last thing you do before you go to bed? Are you going to blacken out your windows and that, you know, that ambient light doesn't come through? Are you going to, you know, you know, all those things. So with all the diagnostics that can come out there, you know, whether it's in the gym or something that you do at home or, you know, it, because you just have that band on you know, and it looks at how much you're moving, how many steps you're taking, what your heart rate is, what your HRV, you know, and all of that stuff, but the question is, are we, are we creating an environment, are we adjusting our lifestyle to to address the information that we're gathering? So, I mean, yeah, I mean, every time I open the book or read something about the industry, like club industry, it's like, okay, well, this is coming out, well, well, how can we as personal trainers or trained coaches use that, right? Or what are we going to, how empowered are we now to use that information to make a change in somebody's life, and that's where, you know, I try to take more of a practical side of things because, I mean, I know you get it a lot and we get it a lot as far as, hey, I saw this cool thing, you know, you should I buy it? All right, well, it's a $200 investment. What do you want to get out of that? Right? How are you going to use it? How are you going to apply it? So, you know, the biggest thing is if you're going to start researching stuff, you know, like that tool that you mentioned that from your physical therapist, that's awesome, you know, how do you respond or where is an out and what, okay, so, so Rick Richie, what are you going to do about that? Because you're not going to hook yourself up to that thing every day or every week, but what kind of daily adjustments are you going to make to accommodate that information? But if there is one thing that I see a lot out there, it's it's more the sleep assessment tools. That's that's one of the biggest things that has been coming out now for the last couple years, come up with quality of sleep. So why we sleep? You mentioned that book. That was a big eye opener. You know, I have turned off the TV at 7 o'clock and then, you know, make my life adjustments there. But you know, I don't sleep scheduling thing, probably the best where I may not get my hours of sleep, but my schedule is spot on. I mean, without an alarm, doesn't matter 6, 6, 30, every day doesn't matter. My eyes crack open. I don't know if it'll be like that in the next one. When the lights change. It's like dark. I'll be closer to the chirp in here. It's like, it's like I'm in snow white in the seven dwarves when I wake up in the stress. Bluebirds coming in, changing. I'll be changing clothes. Exactly. Let me ask you one more question, but before we do, I'm going to put this out to the listeners that are live. If you have questions about recovery, regeneration, return to play, tools, you know, a handheld massage devices, anything like that. If you've got questions about them, go ahead and enter in your information. Like whatever question it is, our producer Greg will receive that information and is going to provide it back out to Ken. So Ken, what are some of the ways just when you talk to your clients and you ask the question, what are you going to do with that information? That's valuable. But do you provide guidance between what to do with that information? Are you asking them or are you, or are you in guidance and saying now that you have this, here steps are they doable? Are they accomplishable? Because a lot of people, they dream, they dream big and the dream big to take granular steps to get to where they're going. Do you put out some of those small steps that they need to get to before they can get to that big goal? Definitely. And this is where success is determined by managing expectations. So if they, if they want to shoot for the stars and they hit the moon, they're still in a better spot than where they are today. That's right. So I want to lose 40 pounds. I want to, you know, I've got low back paint, you know, whatever the issue may be. And, you know, so you have to investigate out of the 160 hours out of the week. How are they spending, you know, a third of that time where they're sleeping, right? And then the other two thirds of the time when they're awake, right? So how are they managing their time? What are their obligations? Right? Do they, are they a business owner? Like you. I mean, you know, you've got how many, brick and mortar sites and then what you do for her and a sound. Right? So, yeah. So, I'm broadcasting from here in the facility while I have it. With no end in sight on when I can reopen, but that's another podcast off together. That is also. So with their job with family, with social, you know, with all these other things that they have in their life, how are they going to fit this in? And so with some people, okay, let's say unfortunately it's like, yeah, the kids are going to be with their, with their mom over the weekend. So I have, you know, every other weekend and Wednesdays by myself. So some people might be, okay, that's when you're going to do your program. Okay, as much as we'd like this to be a daily implemented program, well, maybe three bulk sessions a week is how we're going to implement it, right? So, or some people say, hey, that transition between when I get off work and when I have to pick up the kids or before I have to get catch this train back home, these are some of the, you know, this is the pocket of time that they have. So, so definitely, they're going to, if they knew the strategies, you'd hope that they'd be able to implement, but helping them figure out on their own that way they own the solution. I didn't hand them the solution. They own it, right? So they're going to, they're going to want to, you know, just like, you know, when you have kids, it's your baby, right? And you have your responsible for your baby. So you want as many brain babies as they can have, you know, they're on because they'll they'll caudalate, they'll, you know, and it's, and it's just for me to help say, hey, you know, that's a great idea, but, you know, is there going to be this glitch or what are some of the foreseeable speed bumps that are going to prevent you from executing? So, however good or bad, their, their, their solutions are, whatever they can come up with, it's up to me now. My responsibility, this is what they pay me for is to help them figure out and tweak and adjust to make it fit into their lifestyle. So when it comes to recovery, and again, recovery regeneration, that's a new concept in the fitness industry, relatively speaking, right? As much as effort has gone into the last three, four decades into how to exercise, it's just come up lately on how to recover from exercise, right, or stress induced, you know, exercising, do stress, or work in your stress. So, so there's something valuable here too, which is the fact that exercise, how you exercise can be recovery, it can be regeneration, and some people think it's just foam rolling or stretching massage guns, but there are exercises that you do that actually benefit your ability to recover. Yeah, exactly. So that's so, yeah, that's all that. Even things like yoga, right? Yoga with the mindfulness aspect of yoga, your it's static pose holding, you know, depending on the instructor and the intent of that yoga session, because yoga can be pretty vigorous and challenging, right? And then it can be super relaxed, it's like, oh, man, that is exactly what I needed, right? So, so like you said, movement of different types is going to help facilitate the recovery regeneration process. Nice hair. Awesome, it gets to Greg and see if Greg's got any questions that have come through on our Facebook live, and we'll pepper you with a few things. Good, good morning, good afternoon, everybody. We did have a few questions in the chat. Hello, Shaqil wants to know or, as a question, that says, trying to get high school coaches to buy into the important recoveries difficult. Do you guys have any advice? Do you do that? Yeah, yeah, my brother is a high school wrestling coach and talking to him about recovery regeneration when he's, you know, he's telling me his startup routine, it's okay, we're going to work on this, we're going to work on that. It's all dumbbell work strength work, but for him to absorb and apply the idea of, okay, how important flexibility is having adequate and appropriate range of motion is, and then how to implement that into your team training is the biggest. So, it's not, you know, my experience with coaches, it's not that they're opposed to it. They just don't know how to use it from a team standpoint. But the other side of that coin is they don't know, you know, with strength and power, let's say, you know, Khalil Shki, he's up, he's at boxer that we talked about earlier. Master trainer, so he, you know, that's an explosive, powerful, you have to have good endurance. I mean, it's basically all that all bundled into one. So when the emphasis winds up being power and strength, it's talking about how you implement the strategies. So can that be something that you do as part of the pre-warm up? Is it part of the cool down? You're not going to box every day, so what are you going to do on your off day? So helping coaches find strategies is one thing, right? How are you going to fit it in, right? But then that leads into the second conversation that you have to have with coaches is what you're yearly program, what you're yearly plan look like? So if season starts here, what are you doing over here to set them up, to build up towards the strength and the power that you need in the season? But then how do you unload them post season? And then, you know, how are you going to pepper that in there, or sprinkle that in there throughout the season to help maintain it? So a lot of times they're not resistant because they don't like it. They just don't know how to do it, right? So those are things that you need to kind of share with them. So don't put something out there unless you know how to address it. Yeah, I think one other thing that goes along with strategy is that you have to put forth the effort to make it work. And if high school coaches already have their plans set out, it's really difficult to get them start implementing something new. And that's why to be honest, it's taken so many years, especially for traditional sports to start implementing more progress of training styles. It's because, well, my coach did this with us and we went to stand. Okay, all right. Yeah. But now we've got research that comes out that supports different types of training, the benefits that come from recovery and regeneration. We see certain implementations showing decrease in injury potential and resistance and resilience with injury. There's so many things out. When we look at it and we just have everybody do the same program you've been doing for the last 25 years. It is a disservice. It is a disservice to your student athletes. So take time, put forth the effort to learn what's new, what's coming out, what the research says, because you were job as a coach. Is it just to take what you learned from your coach 20 years ago when you were doing it and say, we were good. So let me do that with my people. You have to put forth the effort to look, study and address things that need to be changed. If that's going to take time, if it's going to take effort, if it's going to be difficult, so be it. But that's what progress looks like. Protect your students, get the best out of everybody and try to stay current with what's going on in the research. Right. Exactly. And one thing that one thing to add onto that is that when working with athletes, so if you're talking about high school junior high coaches, we have to remember that these guys are only going to be athletes for so long at that level. Right. So implementing strategies for recovery and exercise, we have to build the framework and the foundation for what they're going to have to consider for the rest of their lives. So if we don't talk about recovery regeneration, flexibility and importance of stability, now, it's for darn sure they're not going to do it later on because there's been plenty of 65, 55 year olds that are worked with that have been working out all the lives, but flexibility the first time they get exposed to it is through me. Right. And I didn't get to them until later on life. Right. So that's the other thing that it's really important for coaches to understand this as well. Yeah. All right. Great. What else you guys are? Yeah. James wants to know what are some of your best and favorite recovery methods, whether it's with tools or or things like ice baths, sauna, etc. You know, we did a roundtable on this not too long ago, but recovery tools like the high-priced high-performance, high-priced fear. So when we're talking about percussion and vibration, those have been a game changer to say the least when it comes to performance. So you know, if you talk about these high profile athletes and if they're carrying it in their bag and they operate at the highest level physically, why shouldn't somebody who works at a desk and behind the computer be able to feel the same level of relief that they do. Right. So when it talks about recovery tools, yes, ice baths I've done it and I feel a ton better. You know, I've gone to a rix place and done the you know, the infrared sauna and the you know, and I've taken my naps there, right. But you know, when you talk about the ability to have an affordable piece of equipment like the hypersphere or the hypervolves to where now I can use those tools on me. If I've gotten that tension at 5 o'clock because I've been behind the computer all day long and three or four minutes there do some mobility techniques while I'm doing it. Right. It feels like the data didn't happen to me and that's one of those things where Rick, you know, having having the normal tech compression boots and taking that nap and then going through the infrared sauna, it erased the three previous days of travel that I had done. So by the time when I went to your facility, I had done three days in Chicago sleeping in hotels, a radic schedule. I was wrecked when I got to New York and got to recover. I felt better. I felt a ton better and that was after using compression getting in that infrared sauna. It like erased the previous three days. And those are events. I'm not going to do that every day because I don't have access to it. But to talk about daily strategies using the hyper ice product line has been the game changer because I can get somebody involved with the right product to incorporate their strategy. Right. And this again, this is something that they own. If they are hip to the idea, have empowered them. I've given them the tools to actually do it. Right. It doesn't take long for them to feel the difference. Nice. I like it. I'm a big fan of their products as well. And just the folks there as a company, they're good people. So shout out. I'm proud. And and congrats on their recent acquisition of Norma Tech. That was a big play in the space. And I'm looking forward to see what else is coming out with those guys. Hey Greg, you have any other questions as we start to taper off to the very end here? Yeah, this one's for me and since I'm the producer, I can do that. I was actually interested a little bit in the sleep, the sleep monitoring that you were talking about. And how exactly I've used devices like that. But how exactly do you best use the data that comes from those two of them recovery strategies? It's good. Okay. That's a great question because it's one that comes up quite a bit. I mean, you can have the wearables. Right? There's ones that you put under your mattress. And basically what it's looking for is, you know, mount monitoring how how long you sleep, but also the depth of sleep. So when we talk about getting into that REM cycle. And again, that that book, why we sleep really goes into great depth on that. But, you know, getting to your question, you know, looking at, okay, what's the environment like? Right? So if for one, if your duration isn't that long, I go, why isn't it that long? And if I, if we can identify the depth of sleep, we want to look at, okay, well, what are we, what are we doing to help you do that, you know, is it because of alcohol consumption? Is it because you're eating late at night? The types of food, that affects the sleep. So those are all the things that we're looking at as far as, you know, the quality of sleep. Are you getting into the, was it three or four REM cycles during a night's sleep? But, you know, when we look at how long you sleep, where I have a lot of clients that, by that when I see them, they've had three hours of sleep that night prior. Right? So we can operate well, especially if you're in a decision-making position, you know, and then that just leads to other things like, you know, how's your blood pressure? You know, how are your blood profiles as a reflection of the quality of sleep that you're doing? So looking at things again, environment is, is it dark in your room? Are you cool, right? You know, did you turn off the TV? Did you shut down your computer? Just things like, are you meditate? Are you doing things? Some things that calm yourself down to now when you reassess after you implement these strategies, is there a change in the length of the sleep? And the amount of times you can get into that REM to that, into that REM cycle. So if you go from one time into that REM cycle, then that's no good, right? So next question is, what do we need to do to get to two of those dips and then three of those dips? Right? So looking at for one environment, the amount of time, are you just in your schedule, looking at July exposure and all of that stuff? So I mean, as you know, there's a lot that goes into it, but looking at the easy stuff, controlling the environment, managing your schedule, whether it's putting the kids earlier to bed, or, you know, you're your calorie consumption is going to be a big part too, right? Because not too long ago, I had little too much libation, too late leaving, and I felt that I had the worst sleep I've had in a couple of years, because that's not a habit that I usually incorporate, but it was a celebration and we're doing, but I suffered for it the next two days, right? So those are the things that you have to look at when it comes to sleep and how you monitor and what you monitor. Sorry, I said, but I think you also have to look at it over time and you know, exactly. You can have a bad experience with sleep, but that not have really been an issue at just kind of a situation that you didn't sleep well. So we look at everything as an end of one, right? Like you individual and for some people sleeping cold or sleeping warmer, like they sleep better for some people that that sleep with a, you know, they watch TV so get them to calm down at the end of the night so they can't versus people who need to turn it off. But it has to be seen over time so you can't just say, ever that one time I did this and this is one. It's best. It worked best time. It was a moment and there are blips like that that happened. So we have to look at, you know, patterns. We have to seek out patterns and if anybody's listening to this and you have some real issues and real problems sleeping don't come to a personal trainer for it. There are counselors that work, sleep psychologists, professionals that work and focus primarily on sleep and I would suggest that that you turn your focus and direction to that because ideally we're going to be spending about one third of our entire life sleeping and if you're not doing it well then I suggest that you see somebody professionally. Yeah, yeah and you can kind of look at the guidance on sleep is like personal training guidance for sleep is the same as personal training guidance for nutrition. We can give you general tools and recommendations but if there's, if I need to tell you how many calories you need you need to go to somebody else. That's right. Right. So and from a personal training standpoint, the way I look at sleep and the way I've looked at sleep for years is like if you haven't slept I'm canceling our appointment or if you've had moderate sleep instead of this power phase or a string phase of workout we might just be doing stability and mobility work that day because I don't want to give you anything too complex. I don't want to give you anything too intense to where if something just that one synapse and not fire. Right. Something goes, oh okay. That one got me. Yeah. So that's how I would use it from a practical standpoint. So my pre workout interview, what did you eat? When did you eat it? When's last glass of water? A couple of water that you had and how did you sleep last night? Right. So sleep is that has definitely become one of those pre workout interviews. Right. So when they're foam rolling I do the interview and that I can have what I want on paper to do that day but all that I can be out of the you know blown out of the water if they haven't slept or eaten well before the workout. Nice. Hey Ken thank you so much for your insights for being a part of this. Can you just let people know if they want to reach out and connect with you? Was it best way for them to do that? A couple of ways one if you if you email me at Ken.miller and I know I don't look like a Miller but Ken.miller at anusm.org. Ken.miller at anusm.org or if you want to direct message me through my Instagram handle that is at KJ FitLab. Kenneth Jeffrey FitLab. Yeah and that's for Instagram KJ FitLab. That's how you can get hold of me there as well. Excellent. Listen thank you so much for being on the show. I appreciate you. Thank you. So, and as a friend as a colleague and then of course your insights for being on here. Thank you for everybody for listening. My name is Rick Richie. This is the NSM CPT podcast.