Hello on this episode of Random Fit both Wendy Bats and I can Miller are going to talk about periodization for like not just for support. Now as a former strength and conditioning coach, I want you to know that periodization was all my job was about getting somebody ready to compete for the season but I want you to know it's not just for athletes, it's for you. Yes and if we're going to go into detail about the NSM, optimum performance training model where we'll look at different phases in the way that you can change up your workout and think of it being something that's going to be scientifically fact. It's going to be safe, effective, and it's going to get you to those goals. So listen to the episode like follow subscribe down there. Give us a five out of five and enjoy the show. You're listening to Random Fit with hosts Wendy Bats and Ken Miller, winner of a gold Markham Award for Digital Media. Welcome to this episode of Random Fit with both Wendy Bats and I Ken Miller. Wendy, how are you? I'm great. How are you? I am doing awesome. No complaints on my side, especially because we are talking about periodization and when I say periodization, we're talking about periodization for life and not just for sport. So when it comes to the word periodization, if you are on the exercise science, strength and conditioning side of fitness, periodization, we know what that means and it's just about changing things up. But what we want to talk about today, Wendy, I hope you're up for this as well. But we're going to talk about how do you period desires, if that's a word, for life? We're not, we're not, we're not in football season, we're not in baseball, we're not in basketball, we're not in golf, we're not in soccer, we're not just training to achieve a certain amount of strength, stability and power for the year. But we are talking about periodization for your lifetime. Well, and I think that's one of the unique things about the National Academy of Sports Medicine is we actually have a model to follow, to help people continuously progress or to a certain goal or as they go through the model over and over again and go through different phases of training, we're providing them a way of doing this safely effectively and efficiently. And that's one of the reasons I absolutely love this company and what it represents is because as a trainer, even if you're brand new or if you're fitness enthusiast and want to look into what NESM offers, there's this model that we have and it's called the Optimal Performance Training Model. And it is one of those stair step type of models that has, I mean, technically, if you include corrective exercise and performance, it has seven different phases, however, on the fitness size, we just say basically there's five. And what we're trying to do is we do assessments, again, I say that all the time, but we try to build a very solid foundation. And what we have found is if we have a really strong foundation that when we reassess those compensations, maybe that we saw on the assessment should no longer be there. And then what happens at that point, then we can change up the exercises that we're doing because we know that we're in a good spot, right? And then we can actually add more weight. We can get bigger if that's our ultimate goal, we can get stronger. This is where a lot of the strength really happens. And then of course, if we want to really build fast, you know, be powerful, then that's when we would go up the model. The one thing that ends up happening, though, is people walk in and maybe they haven't been in and this is when we say not for just sport. So somebody that's like for life, if someone hasn't really been in the gym, they kind of fell off the wagon if you will. And they've taken some time off. And then especially, you may not always know what happens when the new year comes around like this is my year. I'm going to get stronger. I want to look better. I want to feel better. They go to the gym and they go in for a couple, a couple different weeks. And they start to see some changes. They feel better. And then they just do the same thing over and over and over again. And once you start doing that, same thing over and over again, your body starts to adapt to it. So there's zero changes that are going to happen. They just basically becomes like, it's just one of those things where they work out, they go to the gym. I do the electrical for 30 minutes on the same level and I try to go faster. I'm lifting this amount of weight for this bisepro and this exercise and this exercise and this exercise. And as a trainer, the first thing I say can I know you do as well? Well, what are you doing differently in the answers usually nothing? Because I saw all these gains in the very beginning, why would I change what I'm doing? Because I know that it works because it did allow me to have some changes. So how do you answer that? I don't think I've answered that the same way. Because it depends on context. So when we're talking about periodization and depends on if I'm talking to like you bring up the new year's resolution that person that's been, let's say absent from the gym. But you also have those people that kind of start and stop and stop. See, you know, the people that come in spring break is around the corner. Some are around the corner or my kids are back in school. So now I have time. So they have built enter and exit fitness at different times. So from that standpoint, it's just talking to, knowing who's in front of you. But in the beginning, it is just about starting off, got to get your foundation, right? As you mentioned, Wendy, from the five phases, from stability strengthened to power, it is a stair step model, meaning that you're only as powerful as you are strong, again, as far as the width and the breadth of the foundation of the, I guess, the capacity is so I can only move as fast as I am strong. I can only move as much resistance as I can stabilize. And that's how I tell people, like, okay, if you're, if you're coming off of the holiday season and now you're trying to make changes because you know there are better things that you need to pull with your body, just get, get body control first and then we can go on to the progressive side. But you know, this episode is not so much about program, you know, programming, per se, how many sets reps rests, exercises or anything like that. But what we are talking about is, okay, getting started off on the right foot to lay the foundation for other things that you want to accomplish and how do we oscillate between the phases as we go on. But you know, everybody, it kind of like what we're saying right now is that, you know, everybody enters and exits fitness, different times for different reasons. And when it comes to your life, you know, there's, there's different time stamps in our lives when, you know, fitness and movement and exercise means something different. I think what we're really trying to do here, Wendy, is just really figure out okay, well, how do I oscillate responsibly, move up and down the OPPT model as you so eloquently explained about the seven phases? How do we do that responsibly? But actually, be more educated about what each phase means to each person depending on where they are in their life. And I think one of the first things again, periodization is a technical term that has come about in the strength condition we feel. I think it started off in the strength condition we feel. And it's leaked into what I mean, fitness is fitness and program design is program design. But when we talk about, you know, and the calendar, I think is the easiest way to look at it. But if we're looking at micro, micro, mezzo and micro cycles, what we are talking about is trying to look at the 12 month and then breaking that down into 46 weeks or even if you want to think poorly for your business minded people. And then we're looking at the micro cycle of one week. So you're basically taking an immediate, a short and a longer term view of how you want to change your programs as you brought up Wendy. Like you get those people that come in, they do the same thing in and they out. Or like, you know, that New Year's resolution person that comes in January, maybe even February, I think February has been kind of like the new start of the year for a fitness platform. You know, try to find a treadmill or in the liticle in January and February, right? Oh, no. And then first time no February. Go down after Valentine's Day. Or even, yeah, try to find one in June. You can throw a frisbee in the gym and not hit anybody. But that just shows you where, okay, people lose incentive to work out because they don't know what to do because they've been doing the same thing. But if you are oscillating, changing your programming on a weekly quarterly and a yearly basis, so it's taking a long view and intermediate view versus like you walk into the gym and then you just decide there on what you're going to do. And I think that's what we're really trying to figure out as far as we're trying to share our insights on how somebody can say, okay, well, maybe I do need to sit down with the calendar, piece of paper, do people still sit down with a piece of paper one day and just kind of whether you get on their spreadsheet and this say. I think it's more on the computer the days. But you know, I think to your point, Ken, you know, when we talk about to your decision, Ken just said it's changing your program. And it's one of those things that if you are looking at the different cycles that you mentioned such, you know, as the macrosycle and then the meso cycle and the micro. So whether we're looking at it at 12, 12 weeks, whether we're looking at four to six weeks or whether we're looking at just one week at a time, you have to build that foundation first. And so it takes the body about four to six weeks to adapt to the demands that you're placing on it. And so when we talk about building that foundation, it's just like the foundation of your happens. Right? We want it to be strong. We want it to be stable. We want it to make sure that all our muscles are firing at the right time. And we've got all cylinders to go. Meaning our posture is good. We don't have rounded shoulders or a forward head, our feet are straight ahead. We're actually optimally lined up. So after four to six weeks, we ideally want to do a reassessment. We want to see does our body move and look better. And then we can literally go on to building the strength. Well, think if we have a good foundation and you have a strong house thinking the house is the strength, then there are three different phases that we look at within that strength component. We start to do kind of combo between stabilization and strength. And that's kind of our phase two because it's kind of what we call the superset. And then we go into strength, like true strength, looking at building size and building more muscle gain, if you will. And then max strength, if needed. And then we get into the power, which I always on a house would say are the bells and whistles. It's the door, frames. It's the couch. It's the inside fun stuff that everybody wants to start out doing. The biggest thing is if you're going in and you don't have a strong foundation and you start to like work on power, then break down can occur. And so I think that the purpose of what we were hoping to get out of this episode was really trying to say, okay, if you're looking at your work out, do you have a plan or to your point, can you? You're just throwing a bunch of things together. And if you're putting a lot of strain and stress on your body over time and you're not doing something called de-loading, meaning you're not giving yourself some time to recover and rest, then you're going to eventually have overtraining a breakdown, which is what we're trying to avoid. So you've got to make sure that you have a plan and that the plan makes sense to whatever your ultimate goal is. Yeah, and I think it's like, and I know we've mentioned this book many times, the seven habits of highly effective people. And the first step is begin with the end in mine. So when you know what you're trying to accomplish, start off with that and then work backwards. And just to get some perspective and kind of give some insight of things that usually come up but not to later in the conversation is when people's when when you do your intake, your client intake session, when either first session is, well, what is it you want to accomplish, right? But then as the conversation goes, they might say, I want to be stronger, I want to do this, I want to be able to run, be the marathon, half marathon, whatever it is. But correct me if I'm wrong windy, but a lot of times the nine times out of ten, the situation is like, I also don't want to get hurt, right? I also, I want to be safe. I want to make sure I'm using good form all for the sake of, okay, I don't want to get hurt. I want to be safe when I incorporate my exercise program. So when you talk about going through your calendar and that big topic, I mean, it's in it's bigger now than it's been in the past when you talk about D loading, right? So with exercise, it's really easy to put stress into the body. So when you brought up those three phases of strength training, right? So you have a little bit of strength endurance, a little bit of hypertrophy, putting on some muscle and then how much can you pinch? How much can you squat? That kind of max strength, those three different phases of training. Now what we are looking at is, okay, well, how do we work and operate at that high level in when you brought up four, about four weeks within a phase or training? How do I operate at that high level without putting my body at risk for injury? And it's from that standpoint that we need to incorporate these D loading. And in the case of the training model that you and I both use when we practice with our clients and our athletes is the fact that basically what we're talking about is stabilization training. How do we restore efficiency and stabilization when we've been using all those big muscles, right? The chest, the back, your glutes, your quads because what you don't use, you lose, right? So if I don't use my rotator cuff or I don't put emphasis on my rotator cuff or my deep hip stabilizers or my spinal, my deeper spinal muscles, I'm going to lose their ability to control and stabilize my shoulders, my spine and my hips. And if I lose that, then I am ultimately putting myself in a higher risk category for injury potential. So we can never say you're going to get hurt if you do this. But the body only has so much tolerance for operating at high levels of intensity when it comes to volume and weight and even as you mentioned when the when it comes to power training, the bells and whistles, your body can only operate at that high level for so long before the stresses can compound and now we start putting our joints at risk for injury. So that D loading, if we're going to talk about periodization for our life, we don't put enough emphasis on taking stress out of the body. We're really really really really good at putting stress into the body. But how often we pay attention to taking stress out of the body? And that's one of the first things that needs to be added or strongly considered when it comes to, okay, what am I going to do this month, next month or next quarter, or at what points in the year, can I implement D loading strategies to help me maintain the stability I need to move safely and efficiently? I think he makes some great points and I'm actually going to piggyback off of that. But before I do want to say that this episode of Random Fit is brought to you by NASM1, the membership for trainers and coaches, members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources, get the edge app to schedule and program clients, enjoy half-up all certification for specializations, access free to use and more of this for just $35 a month. Go to nasm.org for slash membership to learn more about NASM1. Can I think it's important to when you were talking about that to realize that when you are looking and making your plan, yes, it's extremely important to think about D loading and everything. But then also periodization, like doing periodization within the phases that you've kind of advanced into. So for example, if you've spent a lot of time, your four to six weeks or so in stabilization, of course, always do a different exercise as that are focusing on tempo and repetition and proper posture and alignment, then you go into strength. Then maybe when you're looking at it from week to week, you might do, if you're working out three times a week, you'll do two in strength and one in stabilization just to make sure everything is back into alignment. Then as you progress, you always just kind of go down and revisit some of the lower levels within your week. But you don't want to really go above and be gone that. So you don't want to be in power and then just one day because you're having a bad day and you want to throw heavy stuff and lift really heavy because that's when you said it's really unsafe. So I think that's one of the main key components that we want to keep in mind and it's I think it's extremely important. Totally. And the other side, I think I want to, I want to, I want to, think about backtracking. But I am going to backtrack a little bit. I don't want to scare anybody. And it's sometimes sounds like it when I say, you got to watch when you're in, you know, hypertrophy phase when you're trying to put on muscle, you go to watch when you're getting under five rapper one rep max. I don't want to scare people to not go into these phases because we want to, right? Especially as we get older again, we were talking about today on this episode as a periodization for life, not just for sport, on random fit with both Wendy bats and I can't Miller. But what we're talking about is, okay, we want to be at those intensities. We need to be at those intensities because as we get older, we want muscle density. We want bone density. And the way you get bone density is by applying stress to the skeletal structure, right? So it's not just about, you know, elliptical or there's no impact or swimming great cardio, but no impact, right? So these aspects of our lifespan that we want to make sure that we, we have enough reservoir of muscle density bone density strength and power because as we age those components as much as we try, they're going to start to fade. It'll, it'll decrease faster and those that don't work out, but it'll decrease slower in those that do. So I don't want to, so when I talk about watch out for injury, injury potential to this injury potential that, but what I want to say is that we need to be up there. We need to go up into those higher levels of the optimum performance training model. We need to have that intensity. We need to have that volume. But we also need to be able to unload and take the stress out of the body. So I think that's the bigger point that I wanted to make when it came to, okay, let's look at this week, this month, the next quarter, and let's look at here and see where we can plot these sessions appropriately throughout the year. Because like we said in the beginning, as we age, there's different time samples, there's different life events and we have to plan for them when we can. Because face it windy, I mean, I met that middle age. I'm in my 50s and now it's like, you know what, six, I'm knocking on the, I'm knocking on 60s door, 70s right around the corner from that and then you know, it kind of future think myself into, okay, where am I going to be when I'm meeting 90, what I want to be able to do? Yeah, I want to be able to lift a jug of milk or walk up the stairs and that requires me to be as strong as I can be today and as powerful as I can be so that what's really easy now is somewhat easy, if not at least less challenging, 30, 40 years down the line. So, can let me ask you, if I had, you know, a mom that comes in, she's a busy parent, what do you say to that client who was like, I just feel like I can't fit it all in. So, you provide like a practical example because I think sometimes it's easier if you have an example based on like your clients. So, how do you answer it? Because I try to shorten it, but also make it more multi-joint and total body. Yeah, yeah, let me ask you, is this busy parent in the workforce or are they working from home, they go in an office, give me give me that scenario. Let's say that they're working from home. Okay, work from home, not that much easier because you still, you know, like right now, we're on, you know, we're recording this behind the computer. I'm still sitting down. So, busy parent, working from home. So, here's the scenario. Again, Wendy, you might relate. You drop off your kid at school, right? So, there's, there's a hard stop in the morning and a hard stop in the afternoon because if the chance start if you drop off, there's going to be a pick-up or at some point where you have to address your child or children. But then, like right now, we have set a time for us to be behind the computer, behind the screen, behind the camera, right? And for a lot of people, that's what their day is. I have a couple clients like that, you know, they have to be behind the computer at the specific time. So, their time precious, they may have small pockets of time. Now again, looking at what inventory they have at home regarding exercise equipment. I might say, okay, well, if you have basic bands, which you can get on, you know, go to the store or order online, light, medium, heavy resistance, dumbbells, you don't need a whole lot of weight, especially if you have bands. But as you talked, as you just mentioned really quickly, they're Wendy, we are talking about, okay, let's do some compound multi-joint movements. This might be modified burpees, right? And I don't expect anybody, you know, get with the stipulation that they've earned their weight to these exercises, I'm about to mention. Mountain climbers compound movements, right? So, every part of your body is doing something. So, in the mountain climber, you're in the push-up position, you're driving your knees up and down towards the shoulder and back into that plank position. So, they might start off with modified mountain climbers, if not the full traditional kind of jogging pace mountain climbers. You might do, as I mentioned, modified burpees. So, it may not be the jump your feet to your hands and then stand up and then jump to the ceiling. It might be just straddle step-right, straddle step-left, stand up, reach up towards the sky, reach down towards your toes, walk your feet back. That's a great compound movement. I love that exercise actually, Wendy, because you're changing elevation, right? Because there's energy that you need to get from the floor to reaching up as high as you can. Different thing, bare crawls, bare crawls aren't great. And all you need is, basically the ability to crawl two steps forward and two steps back. So, you take those three exercises. It can be as high or as low intensity as you want. And you do around of 10 reps each, right? And you're between meetings. It gets a heart rate up. You're not too sweaty. So, if you have to be in front of the camera, you're still going to be presentable as my client has told me. It's like, you know, I just do one round of 10. It gets my blood flowing. It gets my hips out of this fixed position. Get my heart rate a little bit. And we've done an episode on exercise snacks, right? Movement snacks. Something where it's just short about one to two minutes. You sit right back down. And there you go. So, again, you're you're working parent. Start and stop with the kids. Intermittent meetings throughout the day. You don't have, and the scenario really is, you don't have the traditional 45 to 60 minute block of time to dedicate to exercise. So, all we're really talking about right now is just parsing out and peace mealing these movement sessions throughout the day. So, one session may be dedicated to mobility. Another one may be, you know, a quick, you know, walk around three blocks in your neighborhood. And then another one more mobility base and another one just more about what I just brought up with the bare crawl mountain climber. Birpy, and then do that three, four times during the out-the-day without one solid section of 45 minute exercise about. You might have three, four sessions of five to ten minutes, which on the grand scheme of things is better than nothing. Better than nothing. That is better. You know, I always try to put things looking at an in-appractical standpoint because I do get some people that walk in and say, listen, I can't make it to the gym every day. I'm a state-of-home mom, but I also work my kids at home. And there's just a lot going on. And as a mom who was working from home with one like infant, it was hard for me to find balance in juggle and figure things out. Until we learn that you could actually use your, in my case, my son as weight. And then it actually worked out pretty well for me. And he had the time doing it. So, so there's just the main part of the, the reason I ask you that question is, I think sometimes we don't feel that people are scared of change, right? No one likes change. Change is scary. But you want to think when you're looking at fitness and you're looking at the prepping your body in the gym the right way that you want to make sure that you're progressing your workout at a level that your body is ready to do. And Ken and you and I have done different podcasts on the importance of the central nervous system in our brain and the way that it affects our body and our muscles and our joints and recruiting, the right muscles at the right time. Well, this is one of those things that if we are focusing on proper movement patterns, we actually build that foundation, look at the five phases. We reassess every four to six weeks. We change it up. If you utilize something that's scientifically based in back, which the OBT model is, so the NASM model that we're talking about is, you know that you're going to be able to do things on a safe standpoint. But the beauty of it is is looking at the rep range and the tempo. So when you're looking to start 12 to 20 repetitions at what we would call like a 4 to 1 count, meaning that if I was doing that, if I said, Carl, it's talked about you'd come up for one second, hope for two and go down for four. And you would do that anywhere between 12 and 20 reps. 20 if you're only going to do one set 12 if you're going to do two or three sets. And you can blend that in. So very up your exercises. We can unify, I've done exercise selection and doing what we call a vertical load. If you want to do fat loss, you want to burn more calories and you're really looking to do that. After you've done your warm up and stretches and foam rolling and all of that, then do an exercise for your chest, your back, your biceps, your triceps, your legs, you know, whether it's the quads or the hamstrings or even your calves, take minimal rest in between those and then repeat it. And then again, very slow controlled movement patterns. And if you do that anywhere from, you know, four to six weeks, I usually say four weeks, fill out see how you feel, see how you're moving, then progress into something different. Then progress into something different. Just bury it up. So if you're looking at your weekly workout, is it something that's repetitive? It's something that it's different? Is it something that's going to challenge the body and doesn't make sense? And as long as you answer like, all of this is going to be good, then you know you're on a really good path. And I think, you know, the big takeaway that I have isn't that pureization has to be complicated. It doesn't have to take away exercises that you like, but just know that if you like to do the same things every time you go into the gym, you will, your workout will become very stagnant. You're not going to see a lot of changes. So think about those exercises that you love and then think how can you vary it up? And it could be just instead of utilizing dumbbells or utilizing cables. And that if always doing stuff with no weights, maybe you're adding smaller weights, maybe you're doing things like you said your base of support. That's super important. So just change it up, have fun with it, but don't do the same thing over and over again. You're going to start to overtrain if you do power all the time. If you do a hit workout all the time, see yourself, the T, you're going to see yourself start to kind of break down. You don't want that. So if you do a hit workout, maybe the next day is the stabilization workout. You just have to change it up. Yeah, and I think people want to see progress. But I think we need to keep the mindset that progress isn't about doing more. You're not lifting more, doing more sets, more reps, more intensity, whatever the situation is. It is about doing the right amount at the right time. So if you've done some strength stability and then now it's time to progress. And then we can get into, like I said, muscular development, max strength, getting to power. But we also have to keep the door open to that, you know, maybe in that example of that busy parent, when do I have my client? And I have to check in with them because physically sometimes he has a good day and then sometimes, you know, those are the days that we stick to the plan. And then there are those days where he's just not feeling it, right? His hip has a little song, shoulder has a little something. And then that's when we do that, stabilization training. So from that standpoint, you know, we just had to need to, you know, keep the idea that when it comes to pure disation, the idea of keeping different levels of intensity for the purpose of achieving different adaptations, meaning you're stable, you're strong, and you're powerful. But sometimes you may have to change things up. And that's as a strength coach, I found myself doing that more often than not when it came to okay. Well, the team had a tough three days. So I'm not going to go with our max strength session today. And we need to take the same approach with ourselves and our clientele as a personal trainer or you as an exercise enthusiast, if you're listening to Randolph-Fet here for your own personal gain and improvement. But sometimes you don't, you don't have to stick with the plan if your body is telling you otherwise. Right? So if you didn't sleep well, you had a longer meeting than anticipated. You sat down a little bit longer than you wanted. You didn't get your movements next to in the other day as you had planned. So maybe today is that day for the movement sex. But hopefully we even lighten you the listener of Randolph-Fet on some ideas on how we can periodize change your workout plan throughout the year or conceptually plan out. How you're going to change your workout plan throughout the year. But also keep in mind that between stability strength and power, you need to go through all the phases to get all the adaptations. Once you got it, try and keep it. But do what you can to, you know, make the changes that the body wants to need. So Wendy, thank you very much for your insights as always. Of course, thank you. Yeah, you're welcome. So for those of you listening to both Wendy bats and I can Miller here on the end of it, thank you. Thank you so much for your time and attention on this episode where we're talking about periodization for life. Not just for support. So like follow, subscribe, download, give us a five out of five stars if you can, when you can. But let us know what you want to talk about on future episodes of Randolph-Fet and we will get that on a future episode for you. So until next time, everybody, thank you. Take care and be well.