You'll see the NASM CT podcast with Rick Richie, the official podcast of the New York Times Medicine. GLYMF bodies somebody that works at the National Academy of Sports Medicine with me. And I'm excited to have a month because we did some traveling together and it's one of the things I want to talk about is the expansion that NASM is going through and what some of that international expansion looks like. So welcome into the show, Nathan, Highland, Nate, what's up, brother, how you doing today? Thanks so much for having me. I'm doing great. And yeah, what the difference the year makes, huh? We were last summer we were in Shanghai doing a podcast and things were quite different than current landscape. They definitely are quite a bit different. And I got to tell you, we had a good podcast when we were together in Shanghai. We had a lot of people on the podcast including Ken Miller who was on the show just recently. And so I'm looking forward to having you on because one of the things that was interesting to me is the kind of expansion that's been going on through that NASM has been going through. And it's something that wasn't really a strong push initially. And then suddenly we're there. I'm wondering if you're going to be joining me after we leave China to go to another location. And I think there was Thailand or Korea. And then you were like, now I've got to go to Turkey or Germany or something. I mean, you're all over the place. So tell us a little bit about your job. What it is that you do for NASM. And then let's talk about the, a couple of things. The expansion that NASM is going through and what are some of these other countries and these within the industry. What did they like about NASM that's drawing a bit? And then secondly, we'll get into discussing what, what they're doing and how they're handling the COVID crisis. Yeah, absolutely. All, all really dynamic stuff going on right now. Things are happening, you know, minutes and minute that are ever changing within the organization as it relates to international expansion. Dance your first question. You know, I, I've been with NASM for the past over eight years now. I think getting close to nine years. Of course, our organization, NASM has been around since 1987. You're, you're after I was born. So, you know, I've just been a small, small window of the overall enterprise that is NASM. But to your point, we, we really didn't have an official international department until by 2014. So we're really operating off of about six years of meaningful expansion beyond the United States and, and Canada. So it's, it's still all very, very new. Even though I NASM's well established organization where the biggest in the space, obviously we have the biggest market share, it's still, it's fun. It feels like a start up within a big organization. Yeah. Of course, our challenges, things, things shift. But you, you kind of hit the nail in the head. The demand for what we're doing here within our organization, kind of taking the best practices from the US and plugging that into the other 45 countries that were in. It's, it's never, it's never been more in demand than it is now. So that's the exciting part. Certainly tons of challenges. You know, I think I've added maybe six, seven, eight gray hairs to my hand, you know, I said, not that very this year. But it's, you know, we're, we're, we're making the best of it. We have super resilient partnerships with some sure we'll talk more about you've met a lot of our partners and a band of T-Sof training their trainers. So it's, you know, hey, look, it's, I know it's tough, especially, you know, especially in certain areas, but there's some exciting things happening too. So talking me through what it is that you think's going on, I mean, there's the expansion is real, the expansion is taking place certainly slowed down as of this moment. Yeah. Why do the international markets, why, why are they starting to gravitate so much to NASM? Because there are other brands that were here in the States that have expanded far before we did into, into these countries. So what is it about NASM that's allowing that, that market share to be taken place? Do 45 countries I had no idea. Was that many? So how is that working? What do they like about it? So even, you know, let's talk pre-COVID. So pre-COVID NASM would still in a meaningful way in more countries, certify more personal trainers globally than any other organization. That's pre-COVID. Post-COVID because now there's so much reliance on digital education, virtual training. And you know, hey, we do live education, you know, better than anybody I believe, you know, yourself included. We have the best. Thank you. After team bar none in the industry. But when you're talking about scalability and reaching more people to receive our education, you got to do it digitally. You got to do it virtually. And then, of course, when you can head to Optima, when you can do a live event through one of our partners, we can do one of our over 200 workshops here in the US that we typically have when live events are happening. You know, you do the blended. You want to have the live with the, with, of course, you know, the digital education. So to answer a question, the latter half of, of, kind of post post-COVID, the demand is there because we can give them all the tools that they need to plug it into what they're doing. In other words, they can take our exam, they can take our content and they can have their people study at home while they're in isolation, not able to go out. So that's really been a, been a big source of the Optic. So kind of following this, this quarantine time, if you will. Sure. It's worked for me. I've signed up for several NASM courses since the COVID data. I'm, what else do you do, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's been wonderful to, to be able to have some, first of all, it's been kind of cool to have a little sabbatical, but that got all after a week or two. And then after that, it's like, hey, man, I've, I've got to do something. And I, I need to stay on top of things. I can get some additional credentials behind my name. I can update my education. I can, I can, I can live it. I can walk that walk that I tell people, I'm a lifelong learner. I'm not, I'm not here just to get a certification. Show you the paper, get a pay rate increase and then flush everything that went into my studies. That's not me. That's not how I do it. So it's been, it's been good in that aspect where I can start taking in some stuff and I'm a zorbitant. I know you're doing the same thing too. And on a personal level, you are, you're, you're taking digital classes from people, you're hired digital trainers, talk us through what that's been like for you. Yeah, I mean, like you said, there's, there's a ton of new content that any of my students putting out, you know, just recently finished the CNC, which was awesome. Yeah. It was a nutrition coach, amazing course. Simply, simply beautifully done, start the financial update. We came off the virtual coaching, which our friend, Keardon, you know, it may help together which has been very well received in this time when, hey, people, people still interact with their trainer, if they can't do that, you can use a virtual medium. So that's been fun to go through. We just launched that. But outside of any SM education, you know, there's some really cool stuff. Our friend Nathan Helberg, who's been a part of our, an SM master instructor, training, he's been, yeah, as you, he's been putting out some fire, you know, some really, really good stuff. So, been training with him, doing some of his education, it's been a blast. And then mutual front of ours, Sarah, I call it the Kelnbell Queen, you know, training that's the right, that's the right number for her, that's the correct one. Yeah, she's been kicking my butt in the morning, just given me blisters all over my hands. I don't know. So it's, you really, you really have to, you're going to take one or two mindset store in this time, right? You're either going to feel bad for yourself, which I would be lying if I said I haven't done several times, especially in the beginning, being stuck at home away from my teammates, away from my colleagues at work. So here's stay there where you can make the best of it. And I think plugging in, doing education, finding things you're passionate about, you meaning to do, it's kind of doing it. And there's really no excuse, right? We have all the time in the world. So that's, that's been something I've been trying to do. Just check some education, off the list of them being to go through reinvest in them myself, both through any SM education and in other good content that's out there. Yeah. I love this because honestly, when we start working together to learn more, to study more, any SM has not stopped producing content. And that's one of the things where people can kind of fall back is instead of saying, hey, we're in a place where everybody is off. Any SM didn't take the day off. Any SM did not take COVID off. They've been producing content. I love that they came out with a virtual trainer course and our friend, Carrot and it has done an incredible job helping to put that together and be a subject matter expert. So are these things reaching into multiple locations? So I know that here in the US, we've launched those things. Are they, are any of these things going into some of these other locations internationally? Yeah, you're absolutely right, Rick. I do want to, when I give a shout out to the people on the back end, Greg Espazito and his team, you know, the, the market, the social media, it's been brilliant. I mean, like, I can't believe like the, not only the quality but the quality that we're turning out right now, it's really cool to see, you know, even trying to be as objective as possible, because I obviously wear the, I think I have some clubs, yeah, and I have some colors of probably we're doing some cool cool stuff between leveraging our master instructor team, our product team, and then of course our marketing geniuses go into work. So it's, it's been really good. And yes, we have been taking a lot of that content, that besting class content that we're creating and giving it more partners. Oftentimes, it hits them a little bit later, and they need to do some adjustments for their either because of translation, possible share, act as, you know, different, different funnels and needs to go through before it reaches their audience, but they are getting it, and, and it's being very well received. So especially stuff like the virtual coaching, you know, the, the US market, Canada, Australia, you know, there's certain markets that have embraced virtual training and have been doing it for a while, other markets, it was not existing. So of course, there's going to be a lag, there's going to be, you know, the lag, like if you're, you know, traveling south America and you're, you know, you're hearing, you know, backstreet boys on the radio, you know, you know, yeah, they did it. You know, it's one of your own songs, maybe, you know, I don't know, I can't do the math on my head that fast, but it's sometimes there's a, you know, there's a delay. And, but our partners, I mean, out of those 45 countries, we have around 20 partners that make up those 45 countries, they're just, I'm so proud of them. They're doing everything they can to embrace the challenges, make adjustments where there was no virtual medium, where there was no, where there wasn't anything outside of line that's all they were doing and how they're making adjustments and I'm very, very proud of those people. Well, you should be and I had the chance to go and meet several of the people, bringing that content live. We went to, uh, first place we stopped together was Hong Kong and then we went into Shanghai and we worked with some partners there to basically take the coaches that we're going to be producing the content and delivering it live like a live workshop. And it had them go through a course, let them learn a little bit about it, how we do it, what it is that we do. I'm going to, I'm going to shout those guys out. They are stickers. They are stickers. You say something and they're like, wait, wait, can you tell me because in the book on page 147, it is in this graph on this chart and it's just, and they will tell you exactly where it is. So you have to be careful. If you say an opinion, then you need to cover up that NASM sign and be like, oh, this is Rick talking right now and just try to explain it because if you don't, they will search the text. I mean, they are into it. They love it. They live it. They breathe it. They want to know more. And so what we did is we took that stuff from the text and say, okay, how do we make that practical application? How do we teach it? How do we turn it live? And then we have them teach it back to us. And at one point we were having them do it in their own language and what's interesting is that when you teach communication skills, what you do is you lay out things to follow. And people would follow those things as best as they could, but as soon as they start talking, many of the things in communication skills that you talk about go away and you're just going to autopilot. Yeah. It doesn't matter what language you're speaking. There is an iteration of um, let me see hold on. So like, and there are all these kind of filler words and you can catch. You can catch it. You don't have to know the language and feeding that back and having those conversations and allowing the peers to have that conversation back. I think we sharpen the sort of a lot of people who are there ready to go into teaching and saying it's not just about do you know the information, but how well can you deliver that information? And that speaks a ton to what you said earlier, which I think we have the best instructor team on the planet. And the reason we do is we spend so much time not just on the content, but on the delivery of the content. Solid work, man. Yep. And you're absolutely right. The level of fitness nerd that I think even you and I are, those guys, you know, in our, in our partnership communities, even more so. And they, think so. You really do want to wow you guys because you guys are, you are their role models. They see you in the videos. They hear stories about you. They read your bios. And you guys showing up, I mean, it's like the heroes welcome. You know, so they, they come prepared. They want to represent the name. They want to show you that they're ready. And it is really cool to see. The, the teach back methodology that, you know, Dr. Press Rhodes and, you know, an awesome product team came up with. I really like that as well. Because it's, it's one thing to observe. It's another thing to teach. It's another thing to teach. And then have those people teach it back to you. I think it's solidifies in the certain way. I think it makes it fun. I think trainers by nature are very competitive. So it's very, very high yielding in terms of results when we fall that format. And what we do get back to doing those live trainings again with the, with the partners. I think we're going to, you know, with tiny tweaks. We're going to continue to fall that methodology. It's brilliant. That's brilliant. Well, we did it. We did it with our instructor team here in the States too. So yeah. And, you know, like any programs, one of the things I appreciate about N.A.S. I'm so much is that even in our CPT text or our CES, we are always looking to update, refine and, you know, let's use best practices and let's incorporate some of the research and then provide a better course next time. Yeah. So that's what I think we'll, we'll continue to do. And I'm looking forward to, to doing that. Let me ask a question about training. I know that you are quite a proficient, just too practitioner. So how long are you away from, from being able to start rolling with people and, and, you know, are they going to, is it going to be face mask rolling at first? How does that work? I think they're going to design some type of apparatus, like almost like a lot of that. You know, I don't know, man. It's, it's one of those things. We, you know, Arizona, and I know every state's different. You know, your, your beloved state of New York, I know, is, is going through some hard times. Arizona, I mean, talk about two months ago, even, yeah, you have about two months ago. We thought like, man, for whenever reason we're impervious, we should like, you know, like, oh, it doesn't come here. And, you know, people are doing things, like, night clubs are open, they're showing on like national news, like seeing from scratch, though, Arizona last night. Like, I guess, Tom, total total face fun. And I think, you know, it was a little bit cavalier. I did do some training when the gym opened back up. We took a lot of precautions. People were very anxious to get back to training. And I think we kind of kind of beat each other up a little bit, kind of took the, you know, the two months that we were off and just smashed each other and grabbed. So, but, but Dan, you know, that with the governor's order, just a few days ago, gym's half the shot. And obviously, you can't, you can't socially distance responsibly and you just do unfortunately. So it's one of those things. It's been something I've, you know, I've still trained. I've been doing functional training with kettlebells. And then, obviously, following an SM OPPT protocol at home in my own personal workouts. You do what you can with what you have. But, you know, been reading a lot of books, jiu-jitsu books, self-help books, history books and anthropology, like just whatever, you know, because it's like nights where I'd normally go to practice. I'm just reading now. So I think as long as you're feeling that, you know, that healthy routine that you had before or something else, that's healthy, you know, not just, hey, go to the liquor store and tell you, well, what does what it's just drink? Like doing something it's still, you're still able to keep that routine because now when when jiu-jitsu does come back, of course, start going training again. I'm still going to read, you know, like I might read like six books a year normally. I think I'm at like 26 books now because like, wow. So it's, you know, you're going to, you're going to have to replace a, you know, replace it with your true love at some point. And I'm, I am excited to go back to jiu-jitsu. One of those things up, big time. Yeah, I think I'm like you, but with Netflix, I may be watch six episodes of something a year. And now I'm sure I'm at 600. So you finish next, next, it's complete. Yeah, right. So I'm, I'm trying, I've, I've actually my, the first two months was a wonderful, like, streaming, let me just watch stuff. And now I'm actually bored being entertained to buy watching things. I'm watching a series right now that I really enjoy. And I'm like, I just don't want to watch it. I just don't want to watch it. Now, I'll foam roll and I'll listen to a podcast and I'll stretch. And you still, I'd put the, it's a, it was my daily routine, my morning routine. I wake up in the morning and I'd foam roll and I'd stretch. And then I would start putting up like a streaming show or something. And I just watch something while I was doing it. Now it's like, I hardly ever do that. I'm just, I'm listening to a podcast. I'm trying to learn something. I'm trying to, to see if I can refine anything that that I say is I'm talking, you know, I'm like, man, that's a good idea. Let me see if I can bring that up at some point on on this show. It's been fun, but not. It's been scary. It's been challenging. There are a lot of things that are facing fitness industry. I mean, people in general, their, their tragedies that have happened and I want to acknowledge that. And what I don't want to do is limit how important it is that that people do the best they can at not pretending like it's not real, that it's not happening. It is real. It is happening. I lost a beloved friend to COVID. So I don't want to downplay any of it. Sure. What I do want to do is, it's talk about the challenges that we're all facing right now. And as we're looking at, you know, maybe we can get back to work. And we're opening a New York city. We're opening phase three on July 6. So phase three, gyms will open on phase four. And then the last week we found out that gyms will now open on phase five. There was never a phase five. There was always phase four, but they just pushed gyms back another two weeks. And that's going to be a struggle. I mean, think about it. It's not just gyms. I think about the martial arts studios, the studios, the fitness facilities, the group fitness locations, you know, big companies that are owned by large corporate entities, they're going to be okay. They can take that, they can take the loss, and then they can dust their knees off and get right back up and start running again. I'm really worried about what the future of fitness and all of these wonderful boutique fitness facilities that have opened the franchise facilities that are out there where people have spent their entire, their entire egg onto putting something together that they hope they can build and then retire with. And that's a concern right now. That's a real thing. You know, when we try to to make the best of everything and people are out there trying to becoming entrepreneurs and building businesses, NASM benefits from it too. Yeah. So NASM wants that for everybody. This market is valuable, but it is taken a absolute beating. I mentioned on my social and early on this phone call. I got my little plaque and my little addiction notice on one of my gym facilities. So I'm immediately reaching out. Let me talk to some attorney. Let's talk to the landlord. Let's see if we can work some things out. But these challenges are real, man. And the reason that they're real is because there is a real thing going on that we we still need to find a balance, right? There's a virus that's very dangerous and highly contagious and we still need to make a living and make money. So where is that balance come from? I don't know. Yeah, that's a big question. I mean, the tragedy and loss of life, obviously, that's, you know, there's nothing that you can compare to that. But, you know, there's tragedies and people losing everything they've worked for and the businesses that they're passionate about and give them meeting and help them support their families. Those are tragedies too. It's really interesting. I don't know if you saw, but a couple of gyms here in Arizona sued the governor for shutting down gyms as one of the three types of businesses that were, you know, that were to close. And I really do try to look at both sides of the argument. And I think this just comes from like working in a national kind, you know, being diplomatic, you know, there's of course always going to be friction here or, you know, maybe something happens, you know, different cultures, different considerations. So I always try to have my diplomat hand on and it's, if you stay at home and let the virus die people suffer. If you go out and to soon society starts again to soon people suffer, it's, it's really kind of a pick your poison. So it's, it's not like somebody's wrong. The answer as it usually is, is likely somewhere in the middle. I think we're learning more about this virus. I've learned more about viruses and more about, you know, COVID than than I would have expected, you know, at the beginning of one of your 360 books that you read. And, and you know, like I tried to, I, because there, this thing's become politicized that really has. And I do my best to take an information that is as unbiased as possible, because we're making really important business decisions, even within an SM, our own core business, international expansion, sure. You can only use the data that's available to you. But you know this, and I know this, and studying science, exercise science, if this study is tainted, if the information is disrupted or is not useful, you don't have a lot to go off with. You can only really go off of, you know, that data, you know, that empirical data that's in front of you. So, you know, it's tough, man. I get it. People are suffering at home. They want to be out. They're losing their businesses. Jim's, should be a place where not just physically, but mentally you're going to clear your head to get the, you know, the important, you know, the important neurotransmitters going and different, different hormones. It's critical, like like we're built for that. So I get that argument, but also people touching stuff, being around each other in the gym. So we're, we ought to learn more about this thing. I think we, we as leaders in the community, we need to kind of continue to be kind of the voice of reason and and bringing people together. Once things are polarized and communication stops, I think that's, that's what, you know, the extremist really kind of control it and we're not going to be solutions oriented. So I think we have solutions it's important, you know. Well said, the fact that you said you listened to both sides, that sounds crazy. That's that man. Wow. Nobody seems to be doing that. That's incredible. And when it ends up doing, when you, when you're left with listening to both sides, what oftentimes happens is you say, I don't know what the right answer is, which is why polarization happens, they, somebody wants to take action one way or the other, right? When, when you're left with listening to both sides, you are kind of stuck in the middle saying, I don't know because we don't know. There's no evidence. We don't understand enough. There's not enough data to make a, a conclusive decision. So we make any decision. And it's usually the one that we want to make. You know, that's, that's the gut decision. I, well, I want this to be the answer. So that must be the right decision. We don't know what the right decision is. We don't right, right, seek, seek first to understand. One of my mentors always says that. And I, and I really like we, if we can make decisions, even if it's not the right decision with the best of intent having laid out, you know, the best information in front of us, we can honestly pivot and say, hey, we, we tried that. We did everything we could. It's okay. And it is a lot of, you know, it's a lot of, uh, conjecturing. It's a lot of assumptions. I think of people who just looked through the lens of good intent. Like that person that you're so angry at for doing this, they're probably not an evil person that's new, fairytale trying to destroy the world. They, they most likely have good and that person also flips the lens and looks back at their neighbor who, who thinks this way, it, at least starts with common ground that, hey, look, none of us have the right solution yet, obviously. Let's start there. Let's know that, you know, we all, we're all in this together. We want to get through it. We want to find the right thing. And, um, you know, I, I've been seeing a little bit of that, you know, especially the fitness community. I think I think you do have a lot of people that are passionate and meanwhile. And there's been some really meaningful conversations coming out of the fitness community. So I'm proud of that. Yeah. Really, you should be. I am, too. Yeah. I'm, I'm very pleased to see what's going on. And, and I want to do this just as an example, I know for a fact, NASM, when it came to education, used to just put out content. And they would say, this is what people we believe you should know. And then NASM kind of take, took on this, what you're talking about, try first to understand. And they said, why don't we find out what people want to know? Yeah. And then we can deliver content around what they want to know with the science, put it together and say, hey, you said that this is something you're interested in. Let's deliver this. You know, trying first to understand what happened is that NASM made a really strong turn towards profitability when they started asking questions and providing answers based off of what people want into know. So trying to understand as a business was very helpful as a society. I think will be very helpful as individuals. It's going to be very helpful. It's the right move. Right. Yeah. And we could, we could do anything. You know, we really can, but we can't do everything. So if we're going to fill the funnel with stuff that we want to do to your point, let's do it the right way. Let's get the community involved with people that really matter, you know, and, and hats off the Mike Franagrassie in his team for, for enabling that exercise, and just creating killer products. I mean, they have been bringing in such good subject matter experts, you know, trainers that are in the trenches, then actually understand what the client, what their needs and once are different demands of the industry. So it's been so cool to see that process. And you're absolutely right. It's, we really do, you know, for the trainers that are that are listening, we truly do everything we can to give you guys something that you can use meaningful with your clients. And you know, that's fun and rewarding in the process. So we're seeing that a lot. That's awesome. Well, all right. So as we start to wind down our conversation, I want to ask a couple more questions. The first one is as this kind of growth and expansion is taking place and you've been spearheading this internationally. You know, where we are, where are we going to be? Let's say, without COVID being something that is complicating, what are the plans, what are the expectations? Or if you can answer with COVID, then let's do that too. But let's have a conversation on where we are and what the expectation is going forward for the next few years. It goes back to a point that you break. We have, we have some very good ideas about what we want to do. I think we're doing a great job of listening to our partners who are actually in the trenches and these developing territories listening to what they have to say. But we have a couple of different plans, right? Because we don't have all the information yet. We don't know exactly what's going to happen with COVID. How soon can we go back to live trading? So there's a lot of comfort and there's a lot of confidence that comes and saying, I don't know. We have some really good options. Yes, I feel very, very confident in that. Do I know exactly what are those going to be exercised based on all the little dependencies that happen? Man, if I can get out of just a ball of you to tell you that, I'd probably play in the lottery or play in sports bets or something like that. So it's, it's, it's really important to know that we have a plan we're talking to our partners. Obviously, Europe and Asia have just been growing exponentially even despite COVID. So there's a lot of interest. We don't have a very strong meaningful penetration into Central and South America just yet. I would like to see that start to change. Of course, there's a lot of developing countries there. There's some great trainers. I have some friends in Central and South America that are doing really, really big things. So, you know, specifically in Brazil, Brazil is going to be a massive mass of market. We're not there in a meaningful way yet. I'd love to be there. So there's some, there's some cool things that I think that I think are in the works and they're going to be coming. It's just, it's being informed. It's staying patient and it's being sure that we are we are unapologetically vetting every single option to make sure it's of the best interest of our organization and the people that we're going there to serve. Because, you know, it goes back to the point. We can do anything but we can't do everything. Even at ASM, it's a big organization with lots of resources and the great people. You know, resources are still finite to some point. We need to, we need to be really, really smart and calculated with what we're doing. That's awesome. Well, I'll shout out a few people on my international travels that I was able to meet. So Kevin Rushton, James Hosong, I just see there's some of the best people on the planet. It just salt to be Earth. I loved my opportunity meeting some of our international partners. And I hope someday, Nathan, wink to be back out there once, once we're not worried so much about COVID and see them again and meet some more of our international partners and get out there and start spreading a word again and start helping to develop some of these really incredible quality individuals that are out there, you know, doing the spreading of NASM and our content in those areas. Yep. And I'll see you there, Siddle. It's not an official, it's a win. For sure, we're going to, it's so important. I mean, you see the value I see the value, would it does for our organization to put boots on the ground and actually have the top of looking at these, be in the meetings, be a part of the seminars, which, you know, one of my favorite ever was when you and Andy Henley came along to South Korea. What a, I mean, I mean, I mean, you guys killed it. Like the way we set it up, we did, you know, like a little international ophthalma, that was, that was so fun and it was, it was really rewarding. Kevin has always such an incredible host, you know, does such a great job developing, you know, a lot of Southeast Asian countries. We're, we're going to be, we're going to be in a really nice spot if we continue down this trend. I think it's supporting those in time, you know, that are, that are really hurting just kind of taking care of the base level, making sure that, you know, our partners that, some of them are just hanging on, you know, and because different areas are different, you know, differently affected, different trainers have, have different needs, but setting ourselves up for a future success. And we're, we're certainly doing that. And I'm really proud of the efforts that we've been, um, we've been making here at NESM, it's been great. Well, there's been some expansion in certain ways. I had the opportunity to do a virtual conference in Indonesia, uh, for representing NESM. These, these things are, you talk about evolution, right? You talk about this changing concept, that, you know, just recently a camppladiator, uh, which is not international, but having the opportunity to do that virtually, uh, is, is that, is that expanding? Are you seeing this more and more internationally? Absolutely. Yeah, there's going to be, there's going to be just about every conference that would be going on in a meaningful way, live, has had to pivot to virtual. Well, I should say one or two things. The reader cancelling, endubbling down in 2021, or they're making a room. So a lot of them are doing more of that ladder where they still want to be able to bring people together. I mean, hey, look, nothing would be more fun to be sharing a beer with you, slapping you on the back. But if we can't have that, we at least have this, you know, digital, something that's not in real time, you're still learning, you're seeing a face, but actually being able to laugh together to connect, to still have, you know, this and that's something that, um, you know, comes out a lot of these virtual events. It's important. So I do hope that a lot of those industry leaders that are on the front lines doing live events, they continue to do those virtual events, like the one, you know, that you, they're going to be reassured. Yeah, thank you. That was awesome. And, and let's just do this, Greg, you got a really nice shout out earlier from Nate. So, you know, you give you the opportunity as we're starting to close up and see if you have any questions or comments for Nate for we wrap. No, I'm just going to hire you as my agent, Nate, after, after hearing that. I'm going to need that. So, if you're looking for a second career in representing people, at least with our management, I will be turning to you for that. But what do you, what I actually am interested in, and we have been at a whole lot of opportunity to talk about this, Nate. But what has been the most eye-opening thing for you being part of the international team and traveling overseas in terms of fitness, think that you may not see here in the US, but that you're seeing in the international market. Yeah. Well, first off, it brings me joy to be your head guy, Greg. I met everywhere. Absolutely, absolutely killing it. You know, I get so many messages from friends that I'm linked to an Instagram and Facebook that are that are just constantly throwing, throwing praise our way for the stuff we're putting out. So, great, great job on that. And I am very, very fortunate. I have I do unique perspective within the organization because I have been to, I've been to a couple dozen different countries now when I've gotten to see how they operate, what they're doing, taking our content, taking our blueprint of success in implementing it. And I think that there's one resounding, one resounding theme that I continue to go back to, probably, I feel like this late ball turned on probably sometime in 2019. People are different everywhere, the different customs, different ways of looking at things, different, different diets, so many different things. But when you put your hands up like this and you squat down and do the over-and-squat assessment, the normal, the normal discussions that happen are still pretty much the same everywhere. And that's the piece of humanity that I think I really wish every fitness professional got to see. People wear this, you know, this NSM logo and a lot of different places. There's a lot of people out there that are in this industry for the right reason to help their clients and it doesn't change with your time zone. It doesn't change with your company's border politics, policies, religion, way of life. And for that reason, it, like I've always been proud of this organization, I've always been proud to be a part of it, but that very thing was probably the biggest, biggest, biggest, mynne period time shift that I've ever had and done a thankful for. Wow, man, now I was awesome. Then I answered your question, Greg. It did. So, so fitness is our common language. I like that and appreciate the perspective of my friend. Here's the PR guy. Look at that, look at that tagline. That's awesome. Then it's common language and currency. So, first, look at common currency. This stuff just comes from me. I can't, I can't help it, Nate. That's awesome. That's awesome. Gentlemen, well, I appreciate that, that was incredible. It was deep. I appreciate those final comments as we're starting to wrap up. And as we do that, if people have any questions, they want to reach out to you directly. What's the best way for them to do it? How can they follow you on social? That stuff. Yeah. It, you know, for you should be a message. I'm connected to a lot of you guys on Instagram. My hand was kind of long. It's my full name, Nathan James Highland, H. Y. And Yankee, L. A. N. D. Nathan James Highland, feel free to show me a message. I do post pictures of my travels and new stuff that's developing with N. A. S. M. I, I stay in touch with a lot of people that way. So, yeah. Excellent. All right, man. Well, I'll be rich and out to you for thank you so much. I appreciate you being on the show and kind of going through an overview of what the International Approach for N. A. S. M. Hasbin and what it looks like. This has been great for me to learn from you on this. Big shout out to you. And just so you know going forward, we will not be doing an episode on Monday, July 6th. It's an extended weekend for us. So, that episode will not be there. I look forward to seeing you on, well, look forward to seeing you on the following Friday. If you can make it next Friday, we will be back at it. Thank you so much. This has been the N. A. S. M. C. P. T. Podcast.