Hey, everyone. Another local live presentation here about the National University of Medicine, the National Historical Stalk, and I'm here with friend Robert, and today we're going to be talking about Perth of the University of the Science and App Engine. So thank you for being on the call with today. Take a few minutes here and tell everybody out to you who you want what you do, and a little bit about where you from, because you have an excellent background. And really appreciate the opportunity to discuss this topic with you today. My name is Tim Roberts, I'm the director of Science for Therabody, I'm a sports spy by Doug. I've fortunately spent 10 years with both from a research bowl, and then I think one need to treat that implication. I was with eight of us with the Gatorade Sports Science Institute, with everything from what's all the way through to the elite athlete. And it's kind of January time. I've joined everybody full time, director of sports science. And really the goal for us is how does science really impact every part of the business and kind of strategically executing that. And most importantly is what is how we impact both our education and innovation as well. Excellent. And this may be a little bit, I don't know what to show the right word. You're coming from Gatorade Sports Science Institute. I'm a member of you have a strong background in hydration. And I'm wondering if you're brilliant that to the purpose of therapy into the therapy and to the theory going to reach for you interested in that type of stuff that's things fluid dynamics and local tissue high injury. The component of it, I think as we go through it, I think when we think of because of therapy, there's probably a lot of different mechanisms happening. And those mechanisms lead to a variety of effects and benefits. And hydration is a key component of it. And so we're actively calling it. All right. So looking here at the slide that we have here's our little legend. So we're going to talk off with the tough stuff by defining percussive therapy. So there are such therapists myself. You know, I think I've taught I was taught in a different definition. But we'll talk about that when we're there. And then we'll look at scientific rationale of this, the application of percussive therapy. And then we'll look at the ongoing emerging research. And it will spend a good bit of time today, also looking at how that translates to application. I think this is going to be a big thing for the listeners or the viewers today is really starting to learn how to how to use these tools. I know there are, there are out of a mouth there, some people are getting some education on it. But I think it would be great to look at your perspective on that application. And then we'll also look at the landscape of this. So we'll talk about some of the different devices there and things that that make them different. So let's go ahead and come to the next slide. And we'll let you take it away with the. No, I think we want to include a couple of slides. When we get when we define what purpose of therapy is I think it's born to provide a little bit of background a little bit of cost and kind of be to it. So the first thing I wanted to discuss is kind of the concept of pressure. And that ultimately humans of under pressure has benefits and on the body for literally thousands of years. Whether that's kind of when a record massage might have been induced in in civilisation. More recently, two centuries, what we massage became more formalised to the Swedish influence. And I'm recognized as having legitimate therapeutic effects and the massage therapy association was kind of was was formed as well as kind of physical therapist using manual therapy, et cetera. And then when we think about the last 30 years and we think about the application of pressure, you've got all these types of devices and services, whether it's active release technique. It's I asked them and grasping and kind of instrument assisted things or whether it's even from rollers and those types of my of fashion interventions and obviously, call you've had a significant role in the research in the model fashion intervention as well. The effort some some part perhaps, but one of the interesting things I have about what role there's of use of different tools and tools. Whenever I was writing my book, one of the research I started digging into US patents and they were able to find the data all the way back to the 1800s or type of a role-wise. And back to the day, they were all used by a physician or a doctor or some sort of a therapist. But I think 1890, maybe 1891, their US patent filed, they called it an electric magnet or magnetic measure. So really back all the time, whenever people started to come up with a device. Not to, I know we only have an hour here and I knew I would do this and get us off track in my little patent search. One of the most interesting type of a study found was a who, you're familiar with who whooping, that had spikes, had spikes both on the inside of it. And these spikes were designed to massage the abdominal region and it probably was something of getting rid of the fat on the love hand or something too. But this was made to massage abdominal region. And that was early 1900s of patent was filed for that. So there's a very interesting history behind all of these tools and processes. Let's go ahead and click on to the next slide. Yeah, and the other history, which I think is really fundamental to kind of understanding what we're going to talk about today is that of local. And again, if you look back at vibration in general, it's incredible how long it's been you brought to your point with pressure in the terms of therapeutic effects, specifically kind of the medical side of things, and then more recently outside of that scope. Whether it's kind of, again, it's increased. Whether it's then being again, Sweden and kind of there, but they're kind of transition of taking these mechanical concepts and different settings and the introduction of vibration in the society. And then in the 1960s, obviously, another topic is whole body vibration. And we're talking really more about local vibration of low issues. In the 1960s, that's when they really started to do the research in terms of both animal models. And then also in humans looking at the effects of vibration on the muscle, on tenderness, and a connected tissue as well. And then you think about it today from kind of the last 20, 30 years, whether it's in physical therapy, whether it's in practice, whether it might be in spars in terms of massage, the use of mechanical vibration, and especially local vibration is quite common. Yes. And in massage, we were taught a vibratten technique or a vibration movement. I'm an L&T, I don't practice, but I teach my sons-op, everything. But we were taught at a local vibration. It was simply just shaking of the tissue, the muscle. I thought a couple different ways you could do it, but it was basically just shaking it. And that's one of those that, again, it's been used for more than likely, a hundred years of just shaking. We see it, I know it's a little bit, it talks about it a little bit more in the presentation, but whenever we look at it, it's analgesic effect or that, the pain reduction. We can, if we had some sort of a, if Bumpur elbow on the dough, if you just shake it, that local vibration, have a pain modulation effect. So it's really been used. I think it's intuitive. So it has local vibration on painful spots. So, you know, great history. We're too emotional, but we just do intuitively. All right, so let's go ahead. Go ahead. So you're absolutely smart on it. It's that natural action to apply pressure and to rub it, to cause vibration. It's interesting how humans we've evolved to do that. And now, as a research continues, we start to sound like why we do that. So kind of understanding that history, kind of guides us to kind of where we are in terms of, in terms of to therapy. And I think it's helpful to see this on the screen and talk about kind of, as because it is a relatively brand new modality, where did it come from? And so in terms of its kind of invent and with in Theragon and kind of the because of therapy modality itself, our founder who's a chiropractor, Dr. Jason Werson, it came over here, obviously, understood the concept of pressure and the concept of vibration in his clinic and the application to patients. But then when he suffered an injuries, he wasn't getting the relief or kind of, or as much relief as he wanted from those stimuli at loan from pressure and vibration. So he'd set about kind of saying, well, is there another way? If I have his vibration tool, could I also simultaneously apply more pressure and kind of through that? And then as most innovation does occur through the synthesis of different ideas, coming together, he started experimenting with other mechanical engineering. Hardware tools. So instead of what's been designed for the clinic setting, was there things that he could find in his tool, which might actually be able to apply to the body. And so as you can see from 2008, which is now 12 years ago, because it therapy really isn't associated with being around that long ago, he was tinkering and playing to find a solution that wasn't really meant to be a product, but it was meant to kind of help. And it's evolved to the point now where we have the modality of because of therapy and we have these kind of very advanced because of therapy devices. And I think, that's kind of the origin story. And I think that goes to the next slide. And kind of completes the story. We think about what is because of therapy in it. For us, we define it as the rapid of evaporation of pressure, specifically perpendicularly, and we can get into this a little bit more as well. But and that because of stimulus, actually causes the tissues that you apply to actually experience both your own pockets. So that's really for us, the key definition and the origin story through the history that we just discussed. And whenever in my testimony, we were taught a purpose of stroke and there we called it to Potomac. And it was one of the five key strokes and the five key elements sounds creepy to me. Five key components in sweet just massage, but we would oftentimes are we were taught, you could do it in my ways, but if you use the older and the aspect of the hand, and it's just a string motion, and you could use different hands just striking and we were taught that, I believe they called it hacking, I think hacking. If you have your fingers loose, whenever you do the striking motion, each finger will come to hit the finger below it and that creates the same evibration as well. So by having fingers loose and striking this way, in massage anyway, they said it was a combination of percussive and vibration. And I think it worked quite well, but the obviously the advancement of technology and being able to develop devices to do this, I think you can really amplify so much. And so much so, I think it can also get us different effects. So we can take it to a level tour or actually stating to tissue much differently than a therapist could with their hands and go and back to those older devices. I remember stories of the Clark Club, the founder of NASM's OPT model. They said that he also, I wanna say this is maybe mid to late 90s, but don't quote me on the date, would take a jigsaw just from home depot or whatever, and put a rubber stop around the ends so basically just like you were talking about there, taking from something from the tool shed and trying to use it. Yeah, your application. No, and I think I'm very fortunate that my wife is also an LMT and the department which you discussed, it's interesting that you described the way that you hold your hands in different positions. And we'll actually talk about a little bit later in terms of application. It has carry over to how you change kind of this area or that there's impact with the body and kind of how we think about attachment in the application thing a little bit later. Excellent point, excellent point. Let's move on to the point. Yeah, so with this slide, in terms of the definition of because of therapy, I think it's important to call out three key components that separate it from either being an indivrecious stimulus or an individual kind of vibrations stimulus. The first component to call out is the amplitude. And when we think of amplitude, a lot of people most about this is just the distance the head of your intervals, that I think the amplitude is. But I think it's very important that it is that, it's also important to just the direction that it travels as well. Because when we think of vibration, vibration is simply kind of the oscillation of movement from an equilibrium point in the direction. An amplitude for us is because of the therapies is perpendicular to the body and it's of the large amplitude as well. So when we think about local vibration research, it's typically being done in very small amplitudes because of therapy because of the mechanical engineering has become more advanced to be able to allow us to have these larger amplitudes. And freeze in your amplitude effects, not only the pressure being to the body, because it is perpendicular to it. But also kind of eyes about vibrations stimulus. We think about that the next component is going to be, see, obviously this is how fast is it moving. So how many times per second is that? Because the stimulus of being applied to the body. And obviously that is relative to causing the tissues of the vibration and then lastly is the torque. In dividing kind of mode past, you have a torque which you might be able to override and the torque is really how strong the motor is. And if you want to be able to simultaneously cause pressure and vibration to the body, you need to have the high enough torque to be able to apply it with that noise. So I think that compliments that definition and kind of describe some of the kinds of these devices. On the amplitude specifically for the the therapy, and do you know if different amplitudes were tested? Or do you know why it was settled on the half inch amplitude? Yeah, it was kind of over the years. Several different amplitudes were tied and it, and when you have the tune it also has kind of repercussions to finding the right that can actually create that amplitude at the frequency as well. And we're doing it with enough torque. So when you put that at these components, they actually kind of synergistic together. And so the amplitude for us, it was about and for Dr. Jason, as he went through that progression, was about what is it to get as much amplitude as possible, while still being able to create a frequent stimulus as the torque. And then what amplitudes are we seeing have therapeutic effects as well? Kind of as we looked to kind of advance what the product is. Okay. Do you, would you say that greater amplitude is better? Is this a greater is better? So I personally have a greater to the point that it can still fit into a usable device. So we, we actually have some research. It was what we compared a device with the amplitude it is to a competitive device with a small amplitude. It was, this was a, a post-apresentation and an abstract question for ACSM's meeting in 2019. And in that we sure that the effects that we're being measured were blood flowed and fluid distribution changes. And we did see the add device with the amplitude as well as the high torque was actually able to elicit kind of live effects a little bit longer lasting. So it came to the blood flow. And it seemed to be able to alter fluid distribution where the other device didn't personally. We need, we need to do more research. But to me that's very encouraging and it kind of leads to the kind of conclusion and the hypothesis that the larger the issue, it's going to elicit greater effects. And we need to now test this in some of the other, we'll discuss shortly in terms of muscle tired, neuromuscular function, the protective effects against soreness et cetera. We voted that in blood flow, but it's very encouraging and it says to me that amplitude polyplasia is a significant role in that. OK. Do you think, well, let me, let me preface this by saying in our formula research. I've taught foam rolling for a lot of years and it's, it's very challenging. You have to teach somebody how to put the role on the ground. But they're laying on top of it. And roll. You may not understand right now but once you practice a little bit, you'll get it. Put anyway. So for years, we always as harder was better. You take a harder roller to go on a travel. It's going to use more layers of tissue and it's going to be more advantageous. However, as we're getting into our research, depending on the population, we started learning that that's not necessarily the case. Sometimes the roller is just her two bat. So whenever it comes to amplitude, you also think there is an aspect of personal preference. OK. Yeah. You'll start the question there. Yeah. Absolutely. I think what you have to recognize is that while the amplitude of the device is constant, you also are in control of the device and how much force that you are. So in terms of the actual, let's call it, the pressure and the tissue experiences, it's a product of both the amplitude and the force. So I think for us, and we'll talk about this a little bit more. When we talk about the way that pressure and vibration kind of elicit and stimulate mechanoreceptors and the location, those mechanoreceptors are some of our cutaneous, some are a little bit deeper in the muscle. I think we can talk about only personal preference in how we use it, how hard we push, and how much pressure they experience. But we can also talk about how we might change that on purpose to potentially elicit different effects. OK. And I guess the on the birth from birth from birth from side two, the different attachments can have a big influence in that. Yeah, and we'll talk about the attachment a little bit later in that application side. But I think it really comes down to, again, personal preference. But very purposeful design in terms of the surface area, the density of them. And we know that obviously changing serve is a change in the density of the attachments. Then also, altars that that tissue will experience. OK. Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. I think I have too much. OK. Yeah. So this is kind of an intro slide for us, as we dive deeper into the science. And it really to set the second thing. When we think of the researchers being done in pressure and vibration and the history of that and to your point, the patterns that have been over a period ago, and the research has just been done over the last 100 years. And we think of the casserole being, in that case, a relatively new and research has not yet called a and spruce. When we think about it, the scientific rationale that we build that helps us not understand how we explain the effects of because of therapy, how we apply them, but also how we ride our own research strategy is really built around pressure and vibration. That's a scientific rationale and how we approach it. And very good. We kind of accept that, while that rationale is going to help us educate and it helps us kind of really channel where we go and we innovation, et cetera, and education. It's not good enough. So we're proud to say that we actually have come 20 on-guring studies across a lot of academic partners and that we also have many more that we're in the planning stages off because we believe that while we've been rationale now, we want to go back and prove it in terms of progressive therapy. And it's exciting that some of the emerging research that we do see the same effects as pressure and vibration, but we also start to see that with the because of therapy, they might be a little bit greater as well. And you go back to some of my award-winning massage therapy training. So we were taught differences between pressure and our progressive therapy in fiber. And two key things. One, percussive therapy was to be more direct. So it was like a more direct type of a movement. And kind of like you were saying, too, that would be a more perpendicular to the fibers. And vibration was taught to be more of a, I don't want to use the term global, but it's still local to the muscle more than just that direct, because it would be kind of the shaking and stuff like that. Another part of it, too, was that we were taught that vibration was more consistent. But a vibration type of a therapy is something where the tissue is being continuously moved as with percussion. There would be a strike and then a momentos. And then another strike and a momentary pause. The however to your point as well, we see that the effects are going to be very similar. Now we could take with the progressive device and be more direct and more specific than the end of vibration. But so a little bit different in the application, however, the effect of the therapy, like you said, very close to the same. No, absolutely. And what's really interesting, in terms of the LNT, we kind of, I guess so ahead of the technology side of things is the LNT is limited by them being a human. And so now when we add a device to that, in terms of the recursive nature of the force or the vibration, one thing that we can transitive stimulus and actually the frequency of some of the vibration who whilst the direction of the force and kind of the application, however, is in the same direction as the recursive in LNT worlds, you're now can do that at four times per second whereas your hands move up fast. So this is kind of where we have this real integration of these effects. Yeah, excellent. Let's go on to the next slide. So as you already aware, the in terms of when we look at the effects of from as an example with pressure or the vibration, it can be any complex. Can you can go into some new, neuromuscular physiology and when we kind of edge this topic, our goal is to kind of tell a story which is digestible that trans-easily application. So as we discuss it, just come to the overview, is we're going to put the physiological and neurological responses that we see from pressure and vibration and our research and because of therapy as well, then we'll discuss some of the benefits and effects of those and then kind of we'll take it to the conclusion. It's like how does this all, why does the science matter and how actually apply it? So that's kind of how the narrative of what we'll discuss if you want to. To the next slide. So in terms of theological and neurological responses, what we believe is very important. When you look at the literature and we discuss because of therapy and we're observing that most of these defects are sorry, these differences in the body of logical and neurological, and they're actually in the local tissues themselves, but there's also global global risks that are occurring as well. And I think obviously, you're very familiar with your research. We can kind of run through, we can kind of discuss that, the idea of local and global effects, but then we can through these as well whatever you want to do. Yeah, so whenever we look at some of the effects and I'll move my formerly research stuff, we looked at quite a few things in relation to it. I know it was much about percussion, so I'll just relate this a lot to the vibration and we can kind of take it from there. And I'll just put a couple of different things. So with formerly industry, that mechanical effect and that physiological molecules going to be the rect tissue change of compression, and then the neurophysiological is going to get influence on the nervous system. And whenever we started to add in vibration, we started to see a greater neurophysiological spots than the mechanical response. And I was also, you know, as well with the percussion. And I know we have a couple of the studies on the next few slides there, but what do you guys look at as far as that, that goes on that neurophysiological versus the mechanical. Yeah, I think we've kind of followed the same track as you discussed, because we had to build a rationale for what research we're going to look at. And I think the way to think about it is that Chiro probably has some pathways and mechanisms and so does vibration. And so when we think of kind of these stimulus and we think of the mechanical receptors, and we think of effects of those, then we can kind of start to explain some of the things we're seeing in terms of reduced muscle tone, not only from it, and when we think of it in that neurophysiological thing, perspective reduced muscle tone in the limb that's being treated, and then also in the control actual limb. And whether we're seeing things that changes that we might relate to autonomic nervous system, kind of your personality, nervous system, and kind of that overall global relaxation compared to being actually that kind of local tissue and having that change as well. So that's been our approach. And really it's the set on the screen of the different responses that we believe, whether it's through our own research, or whether it's through looking at pressure and vibration, we believe are responsible for the effects of with the custody therapy. A quick question, so whenever it comes to percussion for custom therapy, I believe it is often, maybe it is actually true, that it is more of a simulatory type type of a therapy, like we would use that a percussion to stimulate or upregulate a muscle. What are your thoughts on that? Does it realize the same amplitude of the progressive therapy? Yeah, so my personal belief in the kind of hypothesis looking at all the science and the available information we have is that it really is down to the application. So if we focus on it and kind of from those effects, if we focus on the stimulation of the macanarceptors, we know there's some macanarceptors that kind of reside in the cutaneous tissues, some of them are a little deeper in the muscle tissues, some of them are found more towards the origin insertion and tenderness tissue. And these different receptors, some of them will respond very well to vibration, some of them were some of them were respond very well to pressure, some of them. And so when you kind of look at it, you can say, well, if I target this area of the tissue, I know that vibration is most likely to have, like Francis's if we, if we target insertion, we might target prosinute corpusules in terms of vibration, the GTO in terms of applying pressure and then see some sort of elicitedness. And when you look at the very complex local vibration literature, by applying local vibration, you can see both inhibitory effects where we look at reducing the total tone, relaxation, increasing range of both, but also you can see very stimulator effects as well as you described, where you actually look at French and Potentiating the Stratory Flex, which is obviously involved in kind of sports performances, capture it. And also you start to see some increases in cortical spinal excitability as well. So motor evoked potentials and the ability to elicit force is actually also affected. And so it's kind of an agole now for our research is kind of digesting all of that research, being our own research to support it and comparing to your point. If you apply the because of therapy here, what's the effect you will elicit if you apply it in a different area, can you do it? And can you create it? And what we believe is that because of the nature, because of therapy, because of the understanding of the responses of the body, we can actually use the same tool, both from a recovery and relaxation perspective, but also from a stimulation generation from physical activity as well. Yeah. And I'm going to add to that. I think a lot of it has to do with treatment time. So if we look at some of the research on neurological disorders and post-surgical research, we see vibrations use quite often, but it's usually a very short treatment. So we'll just do real quick vibration and then relax. Real quick vibration and relax. And that is thought to sort of upgrade your latest issue. However, we could, and I'm going to, I pathological highlight this a little bit here, we could take the exact same settings. We wouldn't have to change anything, things in our tool, but apply that same treatment for longer. And I believe that we would use the same reflex mechanisms, but whenever you hold it over time, it actually fatigues them. Instead of regulating that, that stimulating them, again, or receptor or reflect, we can hold that to where we fatigue it. And then we get that opposite effect. So I think treatment time plays a play a big role in that. Yeah, 100% agreed. And it's really what's, everything you've discussed and kind of discussed before is really guided how we talk about the application. Because you're in control of some in the, with the because of therapy tool with the theragon, you're in control of different variables, duration of treatment, location of treatment, and most of it later. And just a couple of them, which we kind of change, based on what the effects that we're trying to create, and based on the needs of digital, the demands of their training or their needs from our recovery standpoint. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And one thing I wanted to add to this slide here, where we look at talking about the bullet point on the cano transduction and Davis's in my experience. So we have used these types of tools, massage and foam rolling. We would focus on some of those other things, such as the stimulation or the relaxation of the cano receptors, pain modulation. So we would combine those with something like movement. So whenever we start to apply, any of the sends corrective model, whenever we apply it's like staching or muscular stretching and movement, that's where we can start to take advantage of Davis's law, which is the re-aligning of soft tissues along lines of stress. So what I would say here, where I guess it's a question too, do you believe or have you all found that this in itself can re-align scar tissue or re-align reformage direction, or apply this with other modalities or to achieve that effect? Yeah, no, no, no. I think for us, it's actively pursuing how we, if the cake can be a passive tool for it, but at the same time we believe that it creates a window of opportunity to create an environmental exercise intervention, which allows you to do that. And I think when we think of the cano-transduction, anytime you apply these mechanical forces, obviously stress, tension, stretch, and for us, and vibration to the tissue, you see mechanical, transduction in terms of, you start having these biochemical signals, which are they can be related to inflammatory responses, or they can be related to kind of your protein synthesis, kind of your structural adaptation path as well. So for us, we think, because you now have a tool, which you can apply substantial mechanical forces, so we're researching, does this end up have enough of it itself to create this imposed demand for Davis's law? And if so, then you have kind of that double approach. You have the ability to passively do it, create a window for that active system in the box. And I think it's an excellent way to put it, a window of opportunity, so if somebody, not that we work with people in paying our fitness professional, shouldn't somebody in paying our science scope or practice, but let's say somebody has a sort of something there. We could use the tool such as this or a professor of therapy to provide a window of opportunity, wonderful way to put it. And then we can reestablish better movement patterns within that window. In all of the kind of transduction ways I like to describe this is it's the body, the body has a cellular response to mechanical force. So for those of you who don't know what mechanical introduction is, it's that the body will have a cellular response to mechanical force that's applied to it. So that is mechanical transduction, if you're going to sit and take the sim test. Let's go ahead and move on to the next slide. Yeah, so those are the, of some of the physical neurological responses that are occurring and kind of talking more from a mechanistic standpoint. But when typically when people think of, because the therapy devices, they're good, you're actually thinking more about those observed effects that you see. So whether it's reducing, you pain and so on us, whether it's protective effects, which I just discussed a little bit more decreased muscle tone, improving passive and active range of motion, neuromusic performance, and so on. These are the, once we understand the mechanisms, the effects that they are listening, if it's of these, it's really this group of slide which then drives, okay, well, how are we going to use because of the, with our client, with our athlete, and to make sure we get the most out of the tour. Colour quick, just to talk about the protective effects, what's really interesting is that, if you look at the research on vibration itself, if you've made vibration pre-exercise, there's actually a decent amount of research showing that it can actually attenuate the soreness and the reduction in range of the, you typically get post-exercise with an eccentric stress. And they've not only done the reason looking at kind of those more applied functions, such as pain and range of motion, but they've actually looked in terms of the biochemical markers as well. So if we know that therapy elicits, that it causes the tissue to vibrate at a frequent, you can start to think, this is another one of those ways where you talked about stimulation and relaxation in terms of using the tour, you actually could potentially not only reduce the pain once you, or the switch you have it, but actually maybe kind of reduce the sleep experience by actually using it as part of your warm as well. So for us, that's another kind of, from the rationale that we've built for the sting mixture to it, and that we are now pursuing on our own research as well. Excellent, that's very interesting. Sort of related, I remember our old foam rolling study, and I don't remember exactly the areas they, I say really old, you know, 2005 or something. I don't remember the exact areas, they wrote that they found that rolling or exercise is delayed fatigue. So the, in their control, or the comparison was holding a same position, as you would with the roller, but that roller is same to delay fatigue, which kind of seemed interesting to me. I don't know if that study was ever repeated. It's interesting to me. Between that study and kind of the studies that we look at kind of like vibration and having these protective effects, I think really you can hypothesize that if you can't turn neuromuscular function, prior to exercise, maybe increase blood flow, the delivery of oxygen, which we know are occurring as well. Then it's those mechanisms, which then potentially, whatever the absolute load of that training or exercises, it may actually reduce the relative load, and potentially that's why you see fatigue kind of reduced, and maybe that soanness as well. So that's as a scientist, that's kind of what I hypothesize is really happening. Excellent, excellent. All right, let's move to the next and talk about what these are. Yeah, so obviously we talked a lot about the bit rationale, the ongoing research that we have, the, the, the, the, the, we're both some pressure and vibration. And kind of really wanting to highlight some of the things that we've done and that we can share. Obviously, research is not a very quick process. It's a slow process, and we've got some fantastic, fantastic partners that we've worked with. And really our astralid years, we obviously want to confirm the mechanisms, confirm those observed effects that we know with pressure and vibration, and that we see anecdotally with the therapy. We want to, we obviously want to optimize education and our education. And then obviously we want to identify key use cases. There's a lot of research in partners with vibration to reduce tremor. There's post-surgical intervals that could potentially benefit from because of therapy. And so that's got what drives us. And to highlight a couple of these on here, we have a gracious shift with Professor Eddie Joe at Cal Poly. These are two student posters on the slide that he just presented and he's actually currently writing up the manuscripts, but he was able to show that because of therapy using the third one was actually able to increase active range. We knew we had research previously that showed it, it reached passive range of motion, but now we can increase in active range of motion as well. And then also he did another study to confirm first that we have these increases in blood flow of to 10 minutes post-men. And also this alter the hemodynamic so the oxygen saturation of the muscle as well in terms of, and obviously that is a really interesting thing in terms of preparation for activity. Obviously, flow of muscle oxygen is part of why we're pop and trying increased blood flow, but also it has probably implications for the recovery zone and delivery of nutrients, et cetera, and increase of venuous return post-exercise as well. So real quick on these whenever I was looking through through them and thank you for sending the student to me. A couple of the studies you did, you two minute treatment time in the other two used a five minute treatment time. Do you know the reason for the difference? So first, as you know, when research is incredibly difficult to approach an area that has almost no research for and to do it in a strategic manner, we want to look at, let's say, what effects and what mechanisms are we doing, but also we want to be able to kind of systematically change variables as well, does it have a different effect to earlier compared to treatment location? Does the direction of a patient compare in kind of the movement that you actually applied onto the actual body of the results well? So currently a snapshot and because so much ongoing research, our goal is to try and create that systematic approach so that we can start to loosen. So you know, two minutes and five minutes, they're exactly the same, but 30 seconds and two minutes you might have kind of a different effect. And so, and then the similar thing is to do that research when you're in both pressure and vibration, you have to account that they might be having different effects as well. So it's a fun challenge to have and it's something that you'll see over time that as the body of literature on because of therapy and crannus, there are body leads that. We'll start to be able to kind of call out very definitively why we approach certain things certain ways. Now that's great to hear because that's been a huge, I would say it's a huge problem in foam rolling. You know, after a decade of research with a cup of consensus on methods, the end result is a whole one formation that people don't know how to use. So you have people out there rolling and it looks like they're trying to stir in between the roller or their later whatever and you have other people that spend 45 minutes rolling and not saying that either way is right or wrong, but I think it's really important, especially as you're growing in, you know this, I'm just kind of repeating it. But it's really important to establish those solid methods with something like percussive therapy. Like you said, there's so many different variables. I imagine it will take a while to really try to to roll it down, but ideally we need, we need a perspective application. People in the same for rolling too. So it's all these types of treatment styles. Fitness professionals need to know when and how to use the pre-ectors. They need to know, they am not there with a mythist, they also need to be exactly what setting. They want to know what setting to put how long to do whether they want to need to hold a position or just kind of massage. So they need to know during the break, they need to know exactly what setting, how long it's three to time and wish they need to know those exact things. So I know you're running on that, but that is one of those that have been very fortunate to work with Dr. Scott Cheetham, because he is an excellent researcher, but that's very important to him. Can you really grow a body of research if you don't know if you don't have consistent. So I'm good here. I don't know. And the fun challenge is that I think it's always a balance of taking the literature as it is and what's that is a design and really trying to pull the principle point. I think what we're trying to do with our research, but also it's also using the researcher on preparation, it's start to pull out these prints in the way that we use the device, build our research around those principles as well and confirm them, kind of really kind of feed that synergy between research approach, but the education that we can, as we research time, I'll point, methodology issues in the way we approach research. We didn't approach it, way we could wait 15 years and still not exactly exactly what is the optimal. Yeah. We're in this way to do it on rolling, we want to know why it will end up beyond us. We don't know why. We won't know until we have those consistent methods in sort of being repeated. A couple of little things about a few of these and I know we're, we have 14 minutes left here, but on one of the studies here, the blood flow response, and the leaders of fluid distribution, the findings were that the G2 Pro had a larger and longer lasting effect than the other one. And you were talking a little bit earlier, is that because of the amplitude that created effect? So that's what would be what I hypothesize. I kind of, we saw those significant effects and those significant differences between the G2 Pro and the competitive product. And when you look at products and you compare them, the differences in the amplitude and the torque. So it kind of between those things, if you, when you lower the amplitude and you lower the, or obviously we describe what we believe because of therapy and what we define because of therapy is, is that repetitive application. And when you reduce the torque and you reduce the amplitude, you start back to more of that vibration stimulus. So it, to me, when it's effects, when we see one device, and the theragon, altars fluid distribution and the other doesn't as a trend to that, when we see the significant difference in the increases in blood flow and the duration of that increase, to me, I would conclude that is due to the amplitude, but research would have to confirm that. Okay, okay, great. All right, let's go to the next slide. Yeah, and so we can skip this slide quite quickly and jump to the next one, but just to create a few things. When we, obviously talk to a lot about mechanisms and the physiological neural responses, we've talked about those benefits and effects. And I think this is the key. I think when you think of all of them, you put it together, as fitness professionals, you understand the individual needs of your athlete or your client. You understand the demands of their training and their actually guide some of the application and if you skip to the next slide. And this is kind of, so when we think of those individual needs, they could be a limited range of how it could be, they have some sawness from their last work. It could be that they've got some movement that you want to correct. So we know the effects you can increase from ocean, you might improve neural dysfunction, we can increase blood flow, we can reduce that sawness. It could be that that guides you that this is how your client, your athlete, uses it pre-exercise. And when we talk about exercise, it could be your training, it could be a rehab perspective, it could be an improvement mobility session, but that kind of really drives it. When you think about during, and the effects, whether it's to mitigate fatigue, it's during a workout, you might still want to prepare for whatever exercises are next in the program. And then post, walk about kind of individual needs, meaning where have the muscles of just being you at workout in that training session, what can I kind of try and maximize that local recovery in terms of reducing the tension there, promoting relaxation, increase in blood flow, et cetera. And obviously from an SM standpoint in their corrective exercise, when you think about it from a pre standpoint, it really is a myofascial intervention in its kind of essence, and can be used in that inhibit kind of process before you kind of go through that continuum. So a couple of things on there. What is, what is there about these stance on the, we know there's gonna be a slide on the, the edge, the edge, the edge, the edge, but, is yours for on themselves, or do you guys approach it by teaching fitness professional how to use it on the client or the athlete? Okay, so you kind of broke up a little bit, but I think I have offended the question. So, for obviously we have third-minute university, we have our professional education courses, which we'll briefly touch out at the end. Conor, for us, we believe that Pococopy is really within the scope of practice. So an LMT course where they should be using Pococic therapy on the client, because that's within the scope of work, whether if you're an athlete trainer, we have a medical practitioner course and physical therapists could use that, but it's gonna come out later in the year, but from a personal training fitness professionals, Australian commission coach, kind of our education course built around, teach the client and the athlete how to use it on themselves. But use it on themselves in the appropriate time, in the appropriate areas, in the appropriate way, to make sure they're interested in the effects that they want. Okay, good to hear, good to hear. On this, this pre-during and post right now, where they're specific, is there a specific protocol for each, on the, because on this particular, this particular unit, there's a, you can set the frequency to several different points of view, recommend right, you know, higher before lower after or anything specific. So, I'll answer that question, but if we actually flick on in the conscious of time, if we flick onto the next two slides, and quickly talk through that, then come back on and answer that question. Oh, sorry, it'll be on the slides up, so I can answer that before we go on and I'll repeat myself a little bit later, but when you think about all the research that we discussed in terms of pressure and vibration, and because it therapy and that overall body of literature, it certainly does guide us in the terms of pre-exercise. You should probably use shorter durations, because you're not gonna fatigue that neuromuscular stimulus, you're not gonna create kind of that fatigue and that re-exaciute more stimulatory to improve your restriction. So, we'll use shorter protocols. We might use an increased amount of pressure, which are on the newest, therogen devices, you can actually have that pressure gauge. So, we know that if you're applying greater pressure, you're probably activating your muscle spindles, and that sort of things versus the very cutaneous mechanics accepted. And we'll probably treat muscle belly, but also the origin in zersh and because we know different mechanics sectors that are there. So, that's kind of the purpose standpoint, whereas from a recovery standpoint, when we look at that body of literature and try and pull out those principles again, it's, well, we might wanna kind of move slower. We might wanna apply less pressure because we know those cutaneous mechanics that are related to your prosthetic response and causing relaxation, as well as increasing blood flow to the area. So, very much that those effects and the understanding of the science, which drives the way that we apply it in that pre-juring or post-windle. Okay, okay, excellent. And on the post to, I found the treating using it, but I can't think of the entire muscle and kind of a rhythmic motion seems to have a, a little bit better effect on that recovery because it can kind of help flush or move around a little bit more, go ahead if we use that term. Yeah, no, 100% and if you again, then you tie in some of the new expertise from an LNT background and we talk about particular techniques that might be used in fact at drainage. We know that we know we're through vibration and pressure, we increase the local blood flow, the full increase local blood flow, we know that then you just return our strength increase. But then if we actually act to the movement and the direction of the pressure in a certain, potentially, and this is again, we have such a wide bucket of research that we want to do potentially, you ought to increase that with the fatigue drainage, just start to have those positive effects as well. It's very, very versatile. This slide, I think people who probably being kind of really, as we discover, other things, when we talk about the post and pre-juring and post, these are just some of the, the whites, like some of the examples, we're about protective effects on us, we talk about returning from injury, maximizing recovery, improving a warmup, and just some of the reasons and when we know we see this in effect, you might want to use because it therapy in different, in different time points to try and help the client help the athlete. Excellent, and I won't slow us down here, we can go to the next slide if you're ready. Yeah. A lot of the throughout today, we've discussed the variables that we control. And we've discussed that, yes, you've got amplitude frequency and torque, but you also can change how much you actually applying with the device. You can then change, we discussed earlier, the attachments. So the attachments all come very specifically when it comes to shape and density. And obviously when you change the shape and density, you change surface contact, like the surface area in contact with the skin and you change that precious stimulus. So whether it's personal preference, whether it's targeting certain areas of the body, or whether it's trying to elicit certain responses from touching more of the muscle, more of the tissue at the same time versus a very thin point, you can change that. Specifically, with the antivisacy, you can change the grip, purposefully designed that, obviously, when we think of rolling, we think of my official interventions, it can be challenging to reach it in most parts of your body with a foam roller, or across ball, et cetera. But the idea is that with because of the therapy, you have a versatile tool that you can actually use by yourself because of the ergonomic design to allow you to reach pretty much all of your body in a very comfortable way, without stressing you, stressing you joints to reach it. And if we skip on to the next slide. And then again, other variables we've already covered is the speed in which we move. So how quickly you're moving across the body, you talk to people and foam rollers trying to kind of light a fire because they move so fast. But we can, when we apply because of therapy, we can actually change fast, removing might thinking terms of inches per second. Action in the location of it, and then also the duration. So, and when we take kind of that, obviously today's introduction to the science, and we expand the product more in our courses, but what are the kind of our understanding of pressure of vibration and now our emerging understanding of the process of therapy, you can start to pull that science out and really use these six principles, six variables, in which we can control to drive that application and change it for whatever the needs are that the athlete has. Excellent. Real quick question on the attachments. Do you, in your education, do you recommend that somebody people start with, like the same attachment or a specific attachment to get used to it? Yeah, so, I kind of second, in our second, our second terms of softness is called our dampness. So it's not the very softness, the super soft, but the dampness got a less dense than some of them, and it's got a kind of a moderate surface area. So, again, because of the therapy, this is very new modality. Some people have never experienced it. It can look quite intimidating to some people. So, by starting with that attachment, it allows people to kind of experience it. And we also kind of simply say, it's to kind of quit it on the body to start with. So, if you can, if you, as you hold it, if you simply float it and kind of experience, what is this device doing? How does it, then you can kind of play and learn yourself in terms of how do you change that force? Okay, change an attachment to something with the smallest of the area, what are the effects as well? So, you can change the dynamics too. That's an excellent exercise, and in a very popular instrument assisted soft tissue, manipulation course, one of the first things they do before and in this occasion, they're teaching the therapist how to use the tool on the client. But the client or the patient hold the tool and do what they call just like a feathering technique, just to experience it and get used to it and learn that it's not really gonna hurt them. So, that's a great approach, I think. And then another question on some of this, I know we're kind of short on time, but we can go over a few minutes. When would you suggest somebody change it? The head there? Yeah, the arm angle. So, as we discussed kind of right at the beginning, when we compare, when we define what because of therapy is, it's this application of pressure and rapidly perpendicular to the body. So, again, the goal of the arm and being able to rotate it really kind of from the versatility standpoint to be able to treat yourself. It's for people at education. What it was, it started with live education, personal trainers and LNT terms of professional courses. There are four hours in the, you'll get continued education units for, from a number of different fitness associations. And what we're doing currently is we're also building out a medical practitioner course. And these, you look on our website, Therabbody.com and then Forks Us, Therabon University, over the coming few months, you're gonna see this launched. And not only will there be digital courses available, but virtual distance learning, as obviously in the current situation, live courses, again, at some point in the near future as well. So, our goal is not only to, when it comes to a professor therapy device, what is this modality? How do we understand it? And how can people really truly get the best from it? And then also how can we help people in the fitness community by offering them extradication and the opportunity for those continuing education credits? Excellent, that's wonderful. And whenever I worked in products or live on a product side, the people would often buy something because it looks cool or they heard great things about it. But if they don't know how to use it, then they're not ever going to really understand they're not going to get that full benefit. So that education piece is huge to help people learn all the different things about it. Like the way this moves and the different grips, I never, and everyone across the mind of all these big different grips to go along with that. So, that is excellent. Greg, see that you're back, do we have, I'm hoping we're still on, I don't know if we all got cut off and we've just been chatting here the past couple minutes, which would have been fine. I haven't been any questions or anything that come through or do we just need to wrap up and give the offer, the promotional offer? We did have a question come in from the group. And they wanted to know a lot. I got there. Are there any areas that you should avoid using for cross-ex therapy? Yeah, no, absolutely. I can start calling and you can jump in. And I think, there's a, the author's name escapes me. I want to say it's a cavernar. I don't know, but they published kind of best practices in terms of my fashion interventions, in terms of precautions and contraindications. When it comes to things like foam rollers, things like any other of those myofashual into kind of myofashual intervention tools. And for us, we believe kind of very similarly. So example, like if you have an open wound, you shouldn't do that. If you shouldn't kind of use it on kind of then for the neck or genitalia, you shouldn't kind of use it on any previous injury for a certain stage of healing and several other precautions and contraindications. They're listed in that paper and that we actually teach in the third university courses. Yeah, I grew in the author's names were Chitum and Stahl and it was published in. It was published in the International Journal of Sports Physical Therapy. Are we did a recent one? It was a clinical commentary part, one of a clinical commentary where we tried to take the information from us and some other things in. Yeah. Directed specifically to foam rolling. I'm sure there's some other, not the area where we did have one school. Yeah, that's great, not it. I completely agree. You know, anytime there's some similarities in the body and I guess I wouldn't say if you think it's a bad idea and it probably is a bad idea to jam this somewhere. So I would go with that. I also use the client if a client's not comfortable doing something because whatever the knee hurts and so we want to do it by the knee then don't do it until that's great. Anything else to come through? Yeah, when do you want to know are there any long-term effects on the body if I do in Professor Therod? Anyone? Long-term effects. Yeah. So that's a very interesting question because again, when we look at how we approach research and astrategy for a new modality, oftentimes you focus on the acute effects, what happens immediately rather than what's happening? Kind of long-term from regular use. The way I would describe it is that there's some indication that kind of long-term vibration as a stimulus in certain people with certain conditions, et cetera, might improve neuromuscular function, as it almost looks as training effect over time. We don't know if that's the same because of therapy maybe it is. And but also, it repeatedly using because of therapy in the ways that we describe today has the potential to improve the training stimulus. So if you think about long-term as this because of therapies at all to help preparation for exercise, and help recovery for exercise, overall then you have this training stimulus which is potentially over time going to be improved, and you potentially will see greater benefits adaptations. So that's kind of the current perspective I would have on long-term effects of because of therapy, but again, it's certainly an area of research that we need to pursue as well. Yeah, that's wonderful. And I think it's important to recognize that this is a very important tool, but it's only one tool in an overall training program. So as long as we're using it intelligently, we're going to see long-term effects. We know if we're just using that by itself. Maybe, maybe not. But yeah, great answer. Yeah. I know we're going to move on now. We, for all the people who've been listening today, we have a couple of things. The first thing is that if you want to, we have the new Thuragon Pro and Thuragon Mini. So we have a package of both of them to give away. So if you've been listening and you want to add a comment, we'll randomly select one of those, and kind of will then reach out to you and get your details. So we can kind of ship you. Ship you the product as a thank you for kind of participating and kind of listening today. And then you the thing is, I can't see the slides anymore. But we do have a slide that we will put up on where for everyone listening, kind of for the NSM audience. If you want to use the code, NASM20, you'll actually be able to get 20% off kind of any because of Thuragon products from Thuragon.com for the next 72 hours. Yeah, it emphasises the next 72 hours. And I am a terrible host to not have mentioned today, giveaway and for people to listen to the end and put in their name. So terrible, I kind of excited. But to read it, it erases their NASM20, that's NASM20 at Thurabody.com. 20% off for the next 72 hours. And Greg as far as the new week goes, are we, will somebody be able to, there it is, will somebody be able to comment after we end this, knowing that we're 10 minutes over and then we can contact them later. That way. I guess. Excellent. All right, so we're going to go ahead and wrap up here again, make a comment there and we'll put you into a drawing for the giveaway. Tim, I want to thank you very much for your time. It's a wonderful idea. I've learned a ton. Is there anything you'd like to add before we sign off? No, just thank you very much to you, yourself. I call and then obviously Greg, which no one else can see in the background, has been a technology guy helping this kind of run smoothly. So thank you very much for the opportunity to talk with you today. And then the last thing really is if people have any questions or further follow up, please feel free to reach out to me, my emails, Tim.robotsatthurabody.com. So if anyone's interested in kind of learning more about our courses or this got questions about the science, please feel free to reach out. Excellent. Thank you very much. And yes, thank you to Greg for all your work on the back end. And if everybody that's stuck it out to the end of this, thank you for your time. I hope you guys much of it as much ad. But as I did and I hope you all have a wonderful day.