Hi everyone, coming up on this episode of Random Fit, myself Wendy Bats and co-host Ken Miller. We are going to talk about mobility matters. It's not just a buzzword. It is more than just flexibility. Ken, what are we going to discuss? We're going to talk about, like, so any, what is it? And more importantly, how do you get it and how do you keep it? So on this episode, like follow, subscribe, download. Give us a five out of five or five stars, if you will. And, you know, hope you guys enjoy the show. You're listening to Random Fit with hosts Wendy Bats and Ken Miller, winner of a gold mark on award for digital media. Hi everyone, I am Wendy Bats here with my friend and co-host Ken Miller and today on Random Fit, we are going to talk a little bit about mobility. So today on mobility matters, we're going to talk about what it really means. We're going to talk about this buzzword that we hear all the time. So Ken, I know you and I have talked a lot about this topic on our own, especially when it comes to our clients saying, hey, I want to move better, feel better. We're like, okay, we're going to work on your mobility and they're like exactly. So when you have a client, walks into the door and they say, okay, mobility, I want some, I need some. What do you say? I say, well, let's get some. You know, Wendy, and you have a good idea of my client, a big book of my client, teller, or business professionals, executives who are sitting behind a computer, they are on a plane, they're on a cross-country flight, they're jet setting, but they're in that fixed posture position. And one of the first things that comes up before we talk about mobility and being mobile is I feel stiff, right? So they tell you their condition, their state, and they're like, yeah, I feel stiff in the low back, my head, neck and shoulders, all of that is stiff. And then we talk about their goals and so what do you want to accomplish? Well, I want to feel more mobile. I need flexibility and I'll say to them, I go, well, let's, you know, let's talk about it. Let's talk about, well, what do we need to do to get you to feel less stiff and more mobile? So, and then we talk about, okay, well, what does it take and what are the steps and what are the stages to get unstiff and more mobile? So again, that's, that's usually how our conversation starts, but one of the first words that coincides with the word mobile is stiffness and feeling just rigid, word that comes up a lot of times too. So I just say, hey, you know what, you had mobility when you were younger, you did things to yourself and you do things every day right now that takes that away from you. So let's, let's get to work and this is what we're going to talk about today. Well, and it's interesting because I think it's important to define the difference between flexibility and mobility because they're really different, even though sometimes we use them in a way where it kind of makes them sound the same. So if you want to think about flexibility, we're talking about the passive range of motion and muscle can actually lengthen too, right? So we're thinking about flexibility. It's basically taking your leg and moving it into a stretch. We're trying to see how flexible that leg is, right? It only goes to a certain range of motion. We look at mobility itself. It's the usable range of motion that you can control. So you're passively doing it. Meaning that if I'm stretching your leg, can that's letting me see how much flexibility you have. But I just move my leg back on my own and I want to see what that joint allows me, you know, what, how far can I move that leg just on my own without help of, let's say, you or some practitioner or somebody else doing that. So it's really important because it lets me see on one end kind of what their limitations are. But under my own power, so myself moving it, I want to be able to see how much strain the coordination my leg can move and that lets me know more about their mobility. So there's a difference between someone pushing you and you being able to go to a certain point. And I think a lot of times when people are talking about being mobile, they're really just talking about being flexible. But one of my favorite things that I hear all the time is, oh, I'm super flexible or I'm hyper mobile. And I can do this that and the other. So what do you do about hyper mobility? And it's not necessarily hyper mobility that we're talking about. It's a term that we use or we hear that no one really talks about, which is relative flexibility. So Ken, you know, that I used to, in the day when I was younger, you know, I was doing this, right? So I could sit, I used to sit in the splits and do my homework. And people were like, oh, you're so flexible. And the thing is, it's just, I think if I'm sitting at the splits, right? My legs are out to the side and I'm just sitting there and I'm doing my homework. Think about what's happening at the opposite side of that joint. And at the time, I didn't care because it didn't matter, right? I really wanted to be super mobile or flexible. And I was only at a certain range of motion doing a certain thing. But if you watch the Olympics and you watch some of these gymnasts and you look at their posture and you look at that big arch in their back, if you had to, you know, if I said, define relative flexibility other than that, Ken, what is the definition of it? Well, I think the part of that is your body, you know, when you're going through a certain range of, like, if you're doing a task, right? So let's say it's me standing up in doing a toe touch. Well, let's say I can, I can reach down, touch my toes, but the question is, where am I getting that range of motion from? So a lot of people would think that, oh, yeah, well, you got good hamstring, extensibility, or your flexible through the hips. Well, what if my hamstrings and my glutes are a little tight and they're a little constricted? And I'm getting all that range of motion through my low back, right? That's, that's what we might call relative flexibility as that. You're actually taking range of motion where it's available because there's some place else that's not giving you that length or that extensibility. So you have to basically steal range of motion from another joint relative to a certain task. It's kind of like, or, you know, another one is where you do a peck stretch, right? You, you, you, you, you, you've got your, for our modern door jam, right? And you, you lean into it. But what, what, what people wind up doing and you can't see it if you're watching this. If my shoulder joint starts to pop forward, right? I'm not getting a stretch through the, the, the peck or the anterior shoulder. I've actually compensated my way by basically tilting and internally rotating through the shoulder for me to get my, my chest or my torso to rotate. So that basically we were based stealing from internal rotation for the sake of that lack of abduction. So I think it's really funny that you talk about wind be gymnasts because when I was the strength of the couch at Cal, one of the teams that I have was women's gymnastics. And I remember the first day that I told them, all right, the next stretch we're going to do, which I, I shouldn't have said it that I, when I think about, I should have phrased it a different way. We're going to do a kneeling hip flexor stretch and that's one of the things that, oh coach, I could do that. And what did they do Wendy? And again, great, great example of relative flexibility. They got on one knee, they were lunching forward and what did they do? There are backs where arched like a big reverse sea. So the intention of a hip flexor stretch for those of you that don't know is to get a little bit of length through the front of the hip, right? Well, what they were doing, they were a lot of them were tied enough through the front of the hip that they couldn't extend. So they had to steal a range of motion from that lower spine, that lumbar spine where they were now taking that lower spine and going into extension through the lower lumbar, right? So they weren't getting it through the front of the hip, they were stealing it from the back. So the first thing I did was I had to back them off, correct them by bringing their hips back. Let's work on a posterior tilt, squeeze the glutes, pull the belly button in towards the spine, and I'll tell you what, Wendy, 90% of them, just by repositioning their hip and making sure we got the range of motion from the front of the hip and we stopped stealing from the low back, right? A lot of them, they were done right there. They felt it. We didn't have to go any further. There was no lunging, just that little poster tilt, activation of the glutes and the lower core muscles and they were done. They felt it right there, just by addressing the component of relative flexibility because the low back was stealing the range of motion that the front hip didn't have. So that's my contribution to the sport of gymnastics. Well, and it's interesting because if you guys have ever taken gymnastics or seen a gymnast, that low back arch, unfortunately, is something that you're going to see often because the finishing you're finishing pose, if you will, you're trying to stick a landing, put your hands up and hold that position without moving because if you do move, you get points deducted, you want to stick the landing and hold that motion. And so they teach you if you feel like you're going to fall, if you kind of arch your back and hold yourself, sometimes that will actually help you keep your footing and help you control your balance, especially if you're coming off something such as the horse or whatever it is that you're doing with an excessive amount of force into a solid stop. And so because of that, the hip flexors do get shortened. So again, just kind of reiterate what Ken said when we're talking about relative flexibility, your joint or the muscles that surround the joint can only go to a certain extent because you're kind of borrowing then you're borrowing from another muscle if you will. He says, steel, I don't like to steal a lot of it because I return things. And so what we're trying to do when we're talking about mobility is get ideal range of motion throughout all of the proper joint. So therefore we're not borrowing motion from another joint because unfortunately that's when we start to see the compensation patterns. So Ken, you myself, I do this with Dr. Miller or Marty Miller on our other podcast one, talk a lot about, you know, on the Master Shark Around Table, talk a lot about assessments. The most important thing that we tried to determine when somebody walks through the door is how is the body moving? And if it's not moving with ideal range of motion at a joint compensation patterns are going to occur. And so if we see when somebody is squatting which is one of our major assessments that we do, we have some alif there hands over their head, they spread their feet shoulder to hip of the part, toes are forward and we have them squat down to chair height. Not how low can you go but just to chair height. If we see the feet going out or the knees moving in or different movement patterns in the low back meaning that they're arched or they're in like they have a rounded back, we note all of that because what's happening is there's a mobility issue or a strength issue. And so if we start to see that the feet start turning out as they go down, we know that but then if we do some ability testing meaning we have them, you know, kind of lunge forward with their toes two inches away from a wall and we see if they're knee can touch and their knee cannot touch then we know it's a mobility issue. There's an issue at the joint that's not allowing approximately 20 degrees of motion or not allowing the motion though. We want to the ankle so it's having to borrow from something else and that's what's bringing those feet out. However, on the other side of that if somebody did have their feet go out in that overhead squat when they were in motion but we had them do a mobility test and their knee could touch the wall without compensation. We know it's a strength issue on the other side and that's what we end up seeing. So when we're talking about these gymnasts that we're talking about, basically, just anyone in life that isn't moving ideally, we know that we know as a trainer what we need to work on is it flexibility, you know, getting better range of motion in a muscle because there's not an ideal length or is it a strength issue? So we know we need to do some some specific muscle activation on the opposite side so therefore it actually does its job and stops being lazy. So that's basically why mobility does matter which is what we're talking about and why it's super important that we kind of distinguish between the two because we just assume if somebody can't touch their toes, it's their hamstrings but can like you said it may not be their hamstrings at all. It could just be, there's a joint issue at the hip and they're using their back because they can't move. Right, right and when just to just back up a little bit borrow versus steel, borrowing, you know when you think big borrowing steel, borrow has the intention and I'm listening to you but when you talk about borrowing, that's with the intention of giving it back, right when you're borrowing so I'm only going to borrow it for a little bit of time but when it comes to stealing, you're taking it without permission and I think that's where I like to use a word steel or I'm using it. But I want to return it. That's our goal. That is our goal. I'm a delicate flowerhead. Right, so for you I would give it back but when it comes to relative flexibility, you're taking without permission. So talk about stealing. I'm going to steal a couple moments when they were going to talk about random fit and this episode of mobility matters but this episode of random fit is brought to you by NASM1. The membership for trainers and coaches members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the adjap to schedule and program clients enjoy half off all certifications and specializations access free CEUs and more. All this for just $35 a month. Go to nasm.org, forward slash membership to learn more about NASM1. So Wendy, I think you're talking about the assessment process, you're talking about observing compensations and seeing where mobility lacks and this is where when I talk again, going back to my clientele who's sitting stiff and rigid and lack them, feeling mobile, to talk about the difference between flexibility and mobility. One of the things that I tell them, especially when the phrase and I know you've heard this million times when he is like, what's one stretch? What one thing can I do to be more flexible? And then that's when I interject and I say it's not one thing. It's multiple things that you need to do to be able to control that range of motion that you're going to work towards. So we can foam roll, we can static stretch but the control comes from doing the strengthening. So again, we can't talk flexibility without talking about stabilization and control or as we like to go. Just strength. So from that vantage point, I also do the question I like to ask them. It's like, well, if you play chess or if you play checkers, if you play any game, what's one best move you can do for chess? And what do you think they're going to say one B? Chess Brass. No, no, no, no, I'm sorry, chess. The game of chess, so I don't play chess. I play checkers. I don't mean it. Okay, all right, so that's why I give a choice. Okay, if you play chess or check it, not chess. I've been saying chess, I was like, let me let me and then let me just press and put everybody says that. It's funny. So I might say, I might say, okay, well, what's the best move for checkers? You need to jump over multiple times. What's the best one? And when they have a prime need to say, it depends. What's the situation? Yeah, is there another piece in front of me that I can? I always have a move again. I am 20 moves ahead of you, buddy. Yeah, so my point. My point is when it comes to flexibility and mobility into kind of carry on with what you were talking about with assessments and observing compensations and looking at where are you lacking range of motion or your lack of, yeah, where you have too much range of motion. Most people are lacking range of motion is okay. Well, not only are we going to work to get it, but we have to work to get you to control that range of motion. So now we're committing to the word mobility and not just flexibility because you have to strengthen what you gain. Otherwise, you're going to get what we call naive flexibility and naive flexibility. You don't keep for long. You can do all the stretching you want. And yeah, you might be able to get 15, 20 degrees depending on where you're trying to get that flexibility from. But if the brain says, okay, I see you've got all that range of motion now, but you know what, I don't feel comfortable with that arm being that far back. So I'm just going to go ahead and tighten things back up a little bit because I don't feel safe with that arm being in that position for long. And that that phrase naive flexibility is something that we also have to understand because some people, one day as you know, you work with a lot of athletes and they, you know, they say, if I feel tight in the hamstrings and I stretch my hamstrings every day, but I'm still not flexible through my hamstrings. So this is where the brain says, okay, well, you're feeling it. You're going to do something that actually makes it worse. So guess what, I'm going to have to tighten it back up again because we are even more unstable, unless we figure out okay, how can we get stability through that joint? And that's again, flexibility is only as it's only going to last as long as you can control it. Otherwise, the brain is going to take it away. We don't want to take it away, but I mean, I think that that brings us to the conversation. So when you're thinking about mobility, we're looking at tissue capacity. So the muscles, the tendon, the fascia, and then we're looking at more control, right? So our nervous system, able to tell our body how to control that movement. Like you said, when it just stops, and then doing health, cartilage, capsules, and over your fluid. So when you keep saying that it's not just stretching, it's really not. It is strength and control. We have to have control of our body, because if not, to your point, there are different types of tendons that run through our body that says, if you're going to stretch all of a sudden, it stops. It's because it's like nervous like you said, to go past a certain range of motion. That's a protective mechanism. We want that to happen. However, if we just work on flexibility alone, especially if it's an area that doesn't really need it, so you keep talking about the hamstrings, most of our population unfortunately sits for a long period of time during the day. And when that happens, the front of our hips get tight, right? They're getting their stuck in a shortened position because we're sitting down all day. Our body now says, okay, this is actually comfortable, and then when I go to stand up, we're still going to stand up. Even though our hip flexors are in a shortened position and they're still tight, then when it's up happening, that's how we get that low back art. So when we were talking about it in gymnast, that happens most the time because of their sport. But just in daily life, that low back art, with the hips being pulled in a forward position, are we're getting that range of motion through our lower back. That's why people have compression issues with their bulging discs or they're starting to have issues with their vertebrae, or their lumbar spine. I mean, can I don't know how many L4L5 issues I hear about on a constant? And it's because of that compression, due to that low back art, which was the cause usually, not always, from the front of the hips being tight. But if my hips are forward, our hamstrings are lengthened. And so if I feel the back of my hamstrings, they feel really tight. But if I'm pulling a string from end to end, can an iron plant tug of war and you can pluck it, that's actually what's happening with our hamstrings. And so that's what we say. Don't necessarily think, well, because it feels tight, we should stretch it because in that instance, the hamstrings are already in a lengthened position. And now I'm really pulling them even further. And that's when we start to get sprains and strains and all the things that we hear about, especially in athletes, if they go in touch first base and they're already in a lengthened position and they go to stretch a little bit more, there's just no more to get. So that's why the assessment process is important. But just because it feels tight doesn't mean it is tight. And that's why really understanding anatomy and physiology in the way the body moves, it's always going to take the path of at least resistance. We're going to get movement no matter what. It's just, are we using the right things, are we borrowing, borrowing my friend from another joint or another muscle. And over time, if we keep borrowing and borrowing borrowing, then we're going to end up having injuries or we're going to have pain or discomfort in areas that we that could easily be avoided. If we were saying, oh wait, my hip support, it's not my hammies, it's my hips. So I stretch the right thing to re-align the pelvis. So at the end of the day, mobility matters because we're trying to get range of motion back into the joint. By ensuring we've got good motion or length into the right tissues in the front or on one side of the joint and the other and they're playing nicely so if you're just stretching a muscle and you're not strengthening any other side, that's a and then if you're stretching the wrong muscle and not doing anything on the other side, that's a double arm. And then yeah, if you're just working out for the sake of working out and not stretching it all, that's also a problem. That's right. I like how you have two different stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah, one of those things. I should be like a game show host, what do you think? I'll just be the button. No, you got it. But I think that I think when you talk about, the static posture is the sitting on thing, sitting on your hips, sitting on your hamstrings, that is a part of the issue. So I think one of the things that I like to go to when it comes to, okay, well, so what do we do about it? What's the practical application towards addressing the flexibility and the lack of mobility or that's stiff feeling? And I think we can start to talk about, okay, well, part of having good flexibility is stopping, right? You know, if you're, if you find yourself in a hole with the first thing you do when the stop digging, right? So if sitting down, prolonged sitting is one of the things that your body does or you have to for your job, you know, I'm not going to tell you to quit your job so you can just move all day. But I will say, okay, can you, can you take two or three minutes and, you know, after a long meeting or do you have a sitting stand workplace or do you have something to wear like if you're doing what we're doing right now, saying in front of our computers in front of the camera, could we do this from a standing posture position? And this is where I tell my clients, okay, to find five opportunities throughout your day where you can just get, can you get 10 minutes? Are we going to steal 10 minutes out of your day? And basically, you do five, two minute bouts of movement. So here's what we're talking about, just micro-movements or when do you and I've had that episode on movement snacks, exercise snacks? Right? We're not telling you to sprint down the block and back get the heart rate up or doing 50s squat jumps. But we are talking about take a, take a moment to do a standing hip lecture stretch. If you have the opportunity to lay down on the floor, doing, you know, thoracic, T-spine rotations. If you do a floor brit, something that just gets a little bit of blood flow to an area that tends to get tight or restricted. And that way, it's not that you end the day at five o'clock or six o'clock. Whenever you, whenever you turn off your computer and go on about your the rest of your life. But, you know, is there, what do you do after five o'clock? Right? So, you know, can you, can you clock out and say, okay, well, I don't feel as trashed because I stood up for five times throughout the day and I got it walking, right? And I was able to get some blood flow oxygen to an area because a lot of people don't realize too that when you're a epoxic, right? When you have lack of blood flow, which also means lack of oxygen, your sensitivity, your, your, your pain receptors actually are even more receptive to pain. Right? So, if you've got low back issues, guess what? You're going to be more sensitive to low back issues. If you don't do anything to get blood flow and oxygen to that area, which is, you know, pretty much why, you know, if we're talking about low back pain, hip pain, hand strength stiffness, because you didn't get any blood flow, you didn't get any oxygen to the area. So, of course, they're going to be sensitive and they're going to not feel as good as they possibly could as if you had stood up, did some split squats, did some toe touches, hip flexor stretches, and then sat down again. So, that's, that's one of the first things that I'll discuss with my clients okay, well, you feel tight, you want more flexibility? Well, what do we do about it? Well, first of all, stop doing what it is that causes you to be as stiff as you feel right now, right? Which is number one. Just, let's start moving. Well, he, that's, I mean, that kind of leads into one of my and which was progressive overload, meaning we want to challenge the body but gradually when your body is able to do time and attention, you can control yourself and the proper range of, you know, the ideal movement having good range of motion at the joint and really focusing on specific muscles that may have been weak based on what we're seeing. Like I said, if you see a compensation, we know obviously one side's tight, one side's weak, and we just want to try to loosen up the tight side, strengthen the weak side, so therefore the joint is in better alignment, better movement, but I think another one too is really that we don't talk that much about is hydration. I mean hydration, think about what our bodies made up of, right, mainly of water, and our cartilage and salovial fluid, they love water. And the thing is, if you're not drinking a lot of water, you're not hydrating yourself throughout the day, that is a big, I mean, that's a big health indicator as well. If you're drinking a ton of water, I mean within limits, right? So there's a certain amount of water you should be drinking every day. If you're not even hitting the minimum then you really want to just add that into. So like you said, add two or three minutes in a movement, grab a glass of water if that's not something that you're normally doing. The little bit of easy movements in the start and then gradually either add weight or add time, get your body under stress in a good way. So therefore you're starting to strengthen areas because if you just stretch and you don't do anything else and you're feeling a lot of discomfort, stretching is only going to help a little bit. It really is looking at it and it's an entirety, sleep well, drink water and then foam roll stretch and just do a little bit of strengthening. Doesn't even have to be a lot. A little bit goes a long way, can somebody tell me that one? A little bit does go a long way. And I think what, Wendy, I go back to the assessment and move efficiency and relative flexibility, I think also the point of basically doing stretches correctly is very important. You know, technique does matter. So one thing that I, you know, when you and I teach workshops, Wendy, when we talk about the way you do an exercising instrument, whether or not it was a good exercise to begin with. So if you had a good exercise done incorrectly, meaning you did have a good exercise but it's done with compensations and done improperly, you're going to use all the bad muscles, not bad muscles, but not the muscles that you're intending to use and the same thing goes for stretching. So if you go through a stretch and you a hip flexus stretch and you archer back, you're not addressing the hip flexus, right? You're not addressing what you know to be an issue. So having a personal trainer, as of course, as we would endorse the National Academy of Sports Medicine for information and personal trainer who is skilled at watching observation and movement patterns or if you just want to go on to YouTube and look at the NSM account for flex, look up NSM flexibility on YouTube and you'll see a bunch of stretches on there and you know, look at how they perform it and how you can do something with proper form and technique and go from there. So I think you know, move, move and move often, say hydrated, of course get your rest, graduate into a higher level of intensities and then of course just make sure you're doing the right things right, right? You don't want to do the right things wrong. Yes, that would not be ideal, okay. Yeah, we don't want to do that. So I think when it comes to mobility, Wendy, it's one of those that you think it's all straight and forward, but until you and I complicate things and add a little bit more depth and complexity because it is, it is a multi-modal approach to increasing flexibility and range motion. These are the things that we have to do to, you know, make sure that if you want to be less stiff and more mobile, it's not just, okay, what's the one thing I need to do? It's not one thing. It's multiple things, but if you do it, you do it right, you do in the sequence that you need to do it. You know, you're going to feel better, you're going to move better. So always the angle. Yeah, always the angle, look good, feel good. But look good first. Now, just go to feel good first, just kidding. So Wendy, thank you. Yeah, thank you for your insights and I'm sure you're not going to be, you know, doing homework any time soon in the split position. Right, not for, not for a while. If you try to, or saw me try to do the splits now in my old age, oh my gosh, it's painful. It's painful. It's painful. It's not how this has happened, but I'm telling you, if you also don't do it a lot, you will lose it. So that isn't a bad one to lose because it just means I finally strengthen my outer hip a little bit. However, yes, some of the other flexibility that should be there is not. No, you don't need it anymore. No one's throwing you in the air and catching you and yeah, so cheerleading days are done. For both sides of that, that's a good one. All right, Wendy, thank you so much. And for those of you watching both Wendy and I here on random fit. Thank you so much for your time and attention and like follow subscribe down load and let us know what you want to talk about in future episodes. So until next time, everybody, take care and be well.