Hi, I'm Kabel O'Wood, the National Academy of Sports Medicine and I'm here with Carolina Ray at C-Ri Performance and we're here at the Training Station in Alameda, California. And we're going to film a video here for you for basically to intermediate level or strength level swimmers. So when I say strength level, this is assuming that the swimmer in this example, has gone from the stabilization, phase of training and there's some more in the strength phase of their programming. So for the general person, if you want to try this, this is going to be a biased workout movement preparation for the upper body. So try it out either way. We know you'll get a better mobility out of it for the upper body. So, Carolina here has a fairer team. Any book type of implement that you can use to get around back at the shoulder at the top or down here is going to help out. There's a lot of options out there, but their team has been one of the bigger ones out there for the last few decades. So what you're going to do is you're going to take that hook and you're going to see the focus on right now is the Terry's major. So just to be right above the armpit. So think about the Terry's that lies right above the lats. So if you get the Terry's or if you get a little bit of the lat either way, both those muscles when they're overacted, especially when you have that computer posture, you're flexed, you're frowned in forward this area in general tends to get tight. So if she's in this area, she's in the ballpark. So what she's going to do is go and give a slightly narrowing in. So she's going to place that hook knob right on the back part of the shoulder blade. And then she's holding on to these knobs in the front to help leverage her to get that knob into the back of the shoulder. Now just like any other self-mine facial technique where you're using a foam roller or the hyper ice the spear. You're going to hold onto that spot for about 30 to 60 seconds or until you get about 50% decrease in tension. So let's just say she's got that. It's calm down a little bit. And she's going to go ahead and turn it around and she's going to use this handle right here. And she's going to find a tennis spot across the front of her shoulder. So here we're going to get more of the pack region. So she's going to hold on there. She can hold on there. She can hold on. She can hold on to the front part of the hook. And she just lets the weight of her hand or her arm come in and just adds that pressure. A lot of times there's enough tennis that you don't have to push all that much. That feeling. Right. So she's holding it there. And again, she doesn't have to put all that much pressure together. A little bit of tension to get that. Listen to that relaxation response. All right. Perfect. So let's say that's 30 seconds. Great job. Now. The next thing to do is to stretch. So once we apply the self-mile factual technique, whatever implement that you have available to you, now it's time to stretch. So Kelly is going to start off with a packed stretch. So she's going to take the visual ball. She's going to put her arm out to the side. Now again, the pack. I'm going to show that the fan shape region here. So the pack fans out towards the cloud of the goal and the sternum. So if you want to come a couple degrees up or a few degrees down, it's all going to hit the sandwich and put it different angles. So she's going to hold out to the side. And what she can do is, the silhouette just dropping the shoulder and seeing that this pops up to the right. She wants to maintain good shoulder integrity. And if anything, she's just going to turn her chest away from her elbow. Now you might see different variations of the pack stretch. This is just a ball version of it. She can easily stand in a door jam or if the door is narrow enough, you can put both arms up or just focus on one side. But just like any other static stretch, you want to hold down what she's going to do here because this is more of a strengthening program. She's going to go into the stretch, go to the point of tension and then she's going to relax. So you'll see here it's very subtle move. So she's just going to come in. Turn away. Hold that for a couple of seconds and then she's going to back off. And then she's going to re-engage. And as she re-engage is a rotate, this ball is going to just go ahead and rotate or spin out a little bit and then come back in. And you'll get about eight to ten repetitions from that standpoint. So if there's a gradual build-up, she can do a static stretch first and then get into her act of especially if there's a lot of tension there. Sitting behind a computer or doing a lot of forward motion, where she's going to listen that tension across the front. So she's going to switch again, loudspeakers do. Go ahead and relax. So she wanted to add a little bit of an active, loud stretch to get the e-tariys. That's also an option for her. All right. So now, one second. Wait a second.