Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NAS and live. I am Prentice and I'm here with Wendy Bats and Marty Miller. How are you all doing this afternoon? Excellent. Excellent. Thank you. And behind the scenes we have we have Greg always keeping it together. He's the tie that binds us. He penetrates us. He gives us our superpowers over the internet. So what we're going to talk about today, talk about upper body exercises, risk versus reward. And oftentimes when I talk about exercises, I tell people that there's really no such thing as a bad exercise. But there's something like there's there's poor technique poorly applied and applied exercises applied unsafely without a plan. So I'm going to play your give you a little historical reference. I'm going to play your Jane Curtin to you. You guys can be Dan Accroyd and we're going to do a little point counterpoint. Okay? So let's talk about. So let's go ahead and dive in and talk about these upper body exercises. What some of the common ones are that we feel their better options and let's let's dispel some of those myths today. Wendy, take us away. Perfect. Well, this is to be we're going to do upper body today and then our neck webinar we're going to go over the lower body and then we do one on core. So so we decided because there are a lot of exercises out there that oftentimes people are not sure if they should do or they constantly do, but they start to feel pain and they don't understand why these pain keeps reoccurring. We wanted to take some time and actually go through some of the common exercises that we see or we hear about or people ask us questions about when they're working out. And so when we talk about risk versus reward, what we want to think about is, you know, we've talked and we've very we emphasize the importance of the five-connected chain checkpoints. And so again, when we're talking about those, it's the feet being pointed straight ahead. The knees in line with the second, third toes, the hips in a neutral position, shoulders in a neutral position, and your ears lined up basically in a straight line in neutral as well. So we're looking at the head. And so anytime that you're going to choose and exercise, you want to think, are you in the proper alignment and can you execute it safely? And I say this all the time, but safely, effectively and efficiently, to get the results that you're trying to achieve. And oftentimes what we see with some of the exercises that we're going to discuss is that you may be targeting that one particular muscle, but you also may be destroying the stabilizers or some of this surrounding joints. And so that's why we want to kind of open up your eyes a little bit to think about, hey, this isn't a bad exercise, as you said, but is there something that is safer? And so when we say, is there a safer alternative? We want to discuss some possible exercises that you could do instead of, whatever it is that we discuss just for the safety of it, even though you're going to get the same outcome, which is targeting the muscle or prime mover that you want to focus on. And then again, the question that we always are going to ask if someone says, is this a good exercise? The big question that we get with that is, well, I don't know, is it what's the assessment results? And what is the end goal for that exercise as well as for your clients? Because again, you know, there are many times that people come in with shoulder problems and then we do some of these exercises that are going to create more impenetment or more pain in the shoulder, so then why would we do it? And so we just kind of want to open up your mind, we don't, we're not saying, and I want to emphasize this from the very beginning that you cannot do these exercises. We're not saying that. We're just saying these are more of a high-risk exercise based on positioning and there could be some safer alternatives to get the same muscle to fire the way that you're hoping to get it to fire with what it may be, a higher risk exercise. So let me ask a couple of questions based off of that. And I think the answer is really right here in this slide. I want you to elaborate on that a little more. So when we talk about the five kinetic change checkpoints and the muscle imbalances that are that are driving these compensations. Once we address those compensations and I think you mentioned it, but are these these particular exercises that we're going to get into off the table forever or can we bring them back in when it where it makes sense? Well the answer to that is yes and no. And again, it depends. That's always the safest answer, but I mean we're going to show you like and we have some pictures of people performing the exercises. And so oftentimes when you're doing it, you really aren't taking two steps back and really thinking about positioning. For example, the first one we're going to discuss when you see the positioning of the humoral head in the shoulder capsule, it is not safe. And so in order to try to target and pinpoint muscles, if it's an exercise that could put the joint at risk, then why would you do it? And so when you ask me that question, I would say, you know what, I would prefer you not do it, but do this instead because it's safer biomechanically because of the positioning that you have to be in order to execute that particular exercise. However, if there is something that somebody just has to do and they love it and it's in their it's in their workout, like there is one exercise that you know, people are going to be like, well, why is this a risk versus reward because you see multiple people do it and it's for cosmetic reasons of why they choose to do that exercise. It is a great exercise to do when people need to activate a particular muscle. And so, you know, that's why we wanted to take some exercises that we commonly see people do that are at a high risk and some that, you know, what just consider why you're doing it because oftentimes people are super overactive in certain regions of their body that we want to take two steps back and say, hey, in order to really gain that cosmetic look, take two steps back, activate some other muscles, get good positioning and then add that into your program. Okay, and I'm still I'm still going to to dig in Wendy. I'm like a tick in Georgia in the summer time. Fantastic. So, and no, no, but seriously, taking it away from taking it away from aesthetics and we know that people do some of the movements that you're going to show later on in the deck for aesthetic reasons, but one thing that I wanted to ask is what about if this move, if some of the movements we do that potentially are unsafe if you program them incorrectly? What if they are derivatives and I think you guys know what I'm talking about, it's coming up in the next slide. It looks like, but, or no, I'm the next couple of slides, but what if it's a derivative for another movement, if it is a part of a larger global movement pattern? Do we take that, can we consider, can we consider doing some of these movements that may be unsafe at face value? Well, I think, I mean, it's hard to answer that question because again, I would never put a client in an unsafe environment ever. And so, if there is an alternative that I could do that would get the same outcome, then I should say go down that path and that road versus, you know, let's try it out and see if later on we end up having issues. However, there are some movement patterns that, yes, when we get to one of the second to the last one that we cover, it is part of our movement and if you are going to do overhead presses and stuff like that, some of these muscles are going to be involved. So you're just targeting them in a different way. And so, and Marty, I don't know if you want to add on to that. No, I mean, when we get through each exercise, we'll give the rationale behind, you know, why we singled it out for conversation today, but also talk about, you know, how to progress it, regress it or give, say for alternatives, because some of these exercise have just been around because they've just been around and they've never really been questioned from a biomechanical standpoint. So it's one of those things where it's a standard in the industry and it's like, you know, God forbid if we threw it away. Does mean we have to, but at least to understand what the risk to reward benefits or again, some of that gym science, like, oh, I didn't even realize that that was occurring. This is so much safer and I get as much joyment or better from it. And there's less stress on the way or the pedic structure. So those are the kind of conversations that we want to have. And then again, you know, if it's necessary, how can you, you know, program it without overtraining it and maybe build up the accessory muscles or their proper range of motion, so that way you have a lesser chance if you're using a higher risk exercise. And we would also think about the weight to princess because again, some of these exercises people lift a very, very heavy load. And it's like, okay, if you want to do activation, then maybe go back and think about corrective exercise. You know, we do 12 to 20 reps at a lower, you know, lower intensity to try to get one particular muscle to fire. And then at that point, if you're going to load it heavy, you know that you're going to have as Marty said, you're going to have the entire complex to help it out. Yeah, absolutely. And I think, please don't gloss over that point. And what we're saying is that there may be better exercises depending on the goal. But if you choose to do any one of the exercises that Marty and Wendy have that they've outlined, there's a progression for that. There's a process to build up the prime movers and the stabilizer muscles so that you can support that type of training. And with that, I am not going to talk anymore. And we can move forward. So the first exercise that we're talking about, and I know so many people love the our dips. Okay, and we're not just talking about the dips like this guy is doing, but we're also talking when you get the big belts around and you put a huge weight on it even and then you're throwing that up because it looks really cool at the gym. However, you know, what are you targeting? And obviously we're focusing on the triceps. But just even looking at the picture that we have included, I mean, look at the shoulder capsule and look what's happening at the anterior portion of the shoulder. And Marty, I mean, do you want to kind of go through a little more of the anatomy biomechanics stuff? Yeah, so this is a cover that I've had countless times at some of our live workshops. And inevitably, someone's like, well, what about if I'm using doing a dip on a chair, if I'm doing the dip machine or a dip is a dip is a dip, right? Like if it, you know, what's the saying, practicing? If it quacks like a duck, walks like a duck, it's a duck. And yeah, so we're not against dips because we have no problem strengthening the triceps and, you know, obviously there is a chest involvement. But again, we're going to go back to the five kinetic chain checkpoints. And when you look primarily at the first joint that we're going to talk about is the shoulder or gleno-cumeral joint, that's a very mobile joint. So when we have joints that are mobile, inevitably, we have to give up some stability to have that mobile joint. So you have an anterior shoulder capsule, a post-tier shoulder capsule. The anterior shoulder capsule, which is sitting here in the front, which helps you prevent dislocations amongst other things. It keeps the head of the tumorous right where it needs to be to prevent impingements and all these other things. If it gets stretched out and becomes too lacks, it doesn't go back. Once you stretch it, that is, you know, what you're going to have. You're going to have a lacks or stretched anterior shoulder capsule. That's why so many people that have shoulder dislocations are highly susceptible to reoccurrences of dislocations because they've changed the structure within their shoulder. The post-tier shoulder capsule, on the other hand, is the one that's supposed to have a little more flexibility than what we tend to see in people. Shoulder tipping forward because the post-tier shoulder capsule can't receive the head of the humerus and the anterior shoulder capsule has been stretched out. So when you're seeing this gentleman in that position and again, any dip you want, you end up in this position. Under load, you're driving that head of the humerus into that shoulder capsule and basically forcefully stretching it under load. Yes, you'll work your triceps and yes, you can get some chest involvement, but we can talk about other exercises. But then also look where your head position has to go. You have to drive that head forward, which now creates more stress in the cervical spine, changes things that the SC joint, the AC joint. So there's a lot of risk there. And here's the amazing thing about the tricep. Is the tricep extends the shoulder, helps in shoulder tension. That's the only two things it can primarily do. So when people change hand grip positions and do all these variations, the tricep really doesn't care much except did you extend the elbow and did you help extend the shoulder? Those are your primary functions. So there's so many cool ways that we can do this without putting load into that anterior shoulder capsule and allowing the head to come forward. And if you really look up, if you inverted that gentleman and put his hands, you know, about chest level, it's almost a push-up position. So there again, you can do push-ups. You can do different variations of push-ups or we can get into all the different traditional tricep exercise we see with the rope and all these other fun things, stability, ball, skull, crush your skull, crush your countless, different things you can do without putting the stress on that shoulder. Now, you know, if you're in your 20s and 30s, you might be able to do these and be like, doesn't bother me. I'm 40s and I know a lot of people that are in that generation or higher. And all of the sudden, the years of training and or sports that altered their biomechanics, they start to feel it later on. So we're not saying that you have to feel it right now when you're doing it, just understand the load and stress that you're putting onto your structure. This primary, that being your cervical spine, and definitely your anterior shoulder capsule, but gain. That's just a question you have to have. And if you feel comfortable with it, then, obviously, you're going to try to get as much flexibility in the pack as much stabilization in the cervical spine, limit your range of motion, but even under those circumstances, there's more stress on that shoulder joint than other tricep exercises we could choose. And to piggyback off of that, think about too. There are a lot of the individuals that come into your gym and you do the assessments. They usually have internal rotation just based on life. And so you're also feeding into a very common compensation that by even doing this. Plus, I mean, this gentleman is doing it with his entire body weight. So that is a lot of weight. He's also putting on the stress of that shoulder capsule as well as activating the tricep. So there are, as Marty said, so many different alternatives that they could do in order to target the same muscle. Okay. So let me give you another couple of use cases because I have a feeling we've been at this for several months. I'm starting to know our audience and audience you can call me out on that if I'm wrong. The specific use case in Marty talked about this often is that we train, we train movements, we train, we don't necessarily train muscles and taking it away from the aesthetics that you can potentially get big triceps or whatever from doing the dip. What about, how would you program this knowing that takes in one of the military who's responsible for PT, PT running their own course and getting a time? And then especially with the popularity of event like Spartan race and tough muddler where one does find themselves often in this position. You think over a 13 mile right half marathon distance. So how do you program that activity when they're going to be in a compromise because then how do you work with that maintain your stability? Yeah, going back to what you talked about. You talked about two sports and then a very unique job which is the military which let's just be honest, bootcamp for more designed for biomechanical safety. It was designed, can I break you down mentally and physically and see if you'll quit under pressure? So very unique compared to just generalized fitness which if we're doing generalized fitness, I'm definitely going to proud I won't put dips into the program. If we go into someone who has to do them, I look at it one of two ways. If they're doing it all the time anyways in their normal job or the activities like let's say you're training a gymnast, I'm not going to overload that pattern more the days are with me in the gym. I'm going to unload that pattern because they're getting enough of it. If I'm dealing with somebody who's trained with me for six to eight weeks and they're ready for that tough muddler and they haven't done dips because I've kept them off it. Yeah, going towards that competition, if dips are going to be involved, I do have to allow them to be there. Remember I now walk that fine line of training them? Now moving into a sport, there's a little more of an inherent risk where you could grab an injury but I do have to introduce that to them but the whole time I was creating their plan, I was working on their overall upper body strength so they will be good at dips. I've increased the flexibility of their chest and the range of motion that is going to be required so when they get ready to start training with the dips all of a sudden now it's not like hey wait a minute I don't have the range of motion. I don't know how to control this so it's a gradual build up with other sub-exercise as I do then we'll peak for that certain amount of time they go compete and then if they're not competing again for a while I'm going to get away from that movement pattern again. So again there's not an exact way to do it you'd have to take each person into account but I don't ignore it but I also don't over-trained if it's something they're already putting in their program in an activity. Yeah, perfect. You just have to live in your need to live in your sport you can get adequately strong and I think that's the purpose of this webinar could be wrong. You can get adequately strong taking your self out of the movements of the sport and training around those movement patterns that are often overloaded. Outstanding and I hope everyone was able to get that. There was a lot of information wrap up in Marty's statement. So if you have questions please fire them to Greg the man behind the curtain and we'll get those in for you. So let's we ready to move on. All right. So the next exercise that we chose we were staying again with the triceps and we're not trying to pick on the triceps we thought because we just discussed and we could throw this in as well because we see this very often and again people call them all different things and this in this particular example we just called it behind the head single dumbbell tricep extension. Some people call them as single dumbbell you know head a skull crusher and and think about the name of that and where it got its name it's because if you were going to do this and the proper the proper five kinetic chain checkpoints you would end up knocking yourself out on the top of the head. And so you want to thank too and you know as you look at this example there are some safer alternatives and you know what is the positioning that's happening now he's going to have to move his head forward he's also putting his shoulders and a close pack position so as far back as he can get them which is supposed to be you know it's the most taught the ligaments and the shoulder capsule but it's also you know you want to think about you're just going to increase you know you're going to decrease in pinchment too if you have an anterior you know if you're intern internally related think about what's happening and then now I'm asking you to take this huge weight behind your head and think about what's happening in the struggle that's going on in the shoulder capsule just again to get the triceps to work. So you know that's that's one of the the reasons we brought this to the forefront is because you know a safer alternative is just to do it single arm you know just take one and do it one at a time you're still doing the exact same motion however you can maintain the proper alignment and you can still execute it but instead of just one gigantic heavy weight behind your head why don't you just take it a little bit lighter and do them serum and you're still going to have the same benefit doing the same thing with a slight twist. Okay Marty you have anything I have nothing. Sure when you look especially I'll speak to males the odds of the males having the range of motion in their packs their lats external rotation it's statistically very very few people will have that ability we're not even talking about that you have to move your head forward and I've seen all up in the say well look I can get my arm in that position like you have a at what cost you're arching your back your ribcages flaring all of these other things so you know again it's the risk to reward so one of the exercise that I think's under utilize especially by men in the gym is a kickback and I like it because remember how I talked about the tricep will help extend the shoulder so now what I can do is I can pitch forward a little bit get into a good shoulder retracted position neutral spine as I lean forward and then I do that kickback fighting gravity I got a really work on all those scapular muscles to keep myself in the right position yeah the weight's going to be a little bit lower but your tricep will be working unbelievably because not only getting that extension it's at the elbow you're getting that extension of the shoulder all those things that we like to call about accidental exercise with all those muscles in the scapula doing that retraction depression core exercise you get huge bang for your buck where this one it's kind of the opposite you're going to hit your triceps but you're putting a ton of stress and when you think of that downward pressure into the cervical spine and knowing your spine is not neutral long term think about what you're doing to the you know your neck and as a structural point yep and Marty one of the one of the exercises that I love that I also unfortunately see done incorrectly and I'm sure you do as well is if people are focusing on the triceps like you use the kickback as an example one of my favorites is to use if I'm not doing a single arm but I want to grab the rope you know the two rope that has the the balls on the end is if you take it you know people will go straight down so they internally rotate and then they bring it to their quads when think about what you just said that the triceps are supposed to extend the elbow as well as the shoulder so you're not getting any shoulder extension whatsoever and again that shoulder extension isn't to the extremes but you have to think about positioning and so if you were to use that one particular you know very commonly used rope for tricep extensions if you pull them apart and work your external rotators in your shoulder that's one and then you go down and go into elbow tricep extension and shoulder extension you're really maximized the the potential of what the triceps do for our prime move to you're really going to execute that exercise I think tenfold especially over something like this correct and we're going to get into upper trap in a little bit but the other thing you know whenever I'm teaching it or using the triceps like that rope is to me it's not as much of a tricep exercise is it's an anti-shoulder elevation exercise right because you see people the so much weight that their shoulders are going this way yes standing your arm but again it what cost and are you really as strong as you think you are if you can't keep yourself in that nice posture position without the head coming so against to me it's actual exercise with traditional tricep extension with like the rope or something like the old crunch with the elbow extension that's right I love it then I move away for instance and I can have that I know that triceps are responsible for the for elbow should be able to do as well from our CS tech is to have that to just to do that exercise with a little shoulder flexion to put more just to stretch that stress that elbow extension a little bit more but other than that no these were all perfect exercises and we do have a question from Carrie Jean Carrie I don't know this is a question this is both a statement and a question and Carrie says we and we are terrible about stretching is oh my god I was about to say I prefer kickbacks how about this is going back to a previous slide what about body weight bench dips I think you answered that already windy but let's go back and revisit the dip so the answer is what is the the risk versus reward and I would tell you not to do dips because again you know it's just not worth it and and again as a personal story when I worked in baseball you know I worked with professional athletes and we had a pitcher that really loved and swore by dips he felt like that was something that was actually helping his his power output and we kept telling him like it's really not good because think of all of the movement that he has to do in his shoulder and just just the the the where and the beat down he puts on that particular joint throughout his career so every single day and he was in the gym not working with me but he chose to do dips on his own and he actually you know he went down into a debt cumeral head came out at the front of his shoulder and ruined his career and he was a 40 man player which means he was one of the the top players on that team and so that's why I say just be very very careful I mean we're not telling you not to do them however I would tell you I think there's a better alternative as Marty said I love kickbacks doing tricep extensions laying on the bench or a ball so school culture if crushers but independently I'm like a weight and a chance I think there's way more there's way safer alternatives than than just doing a dip if if you can let it go and I'll add to that you can get and Marty you should go to the go to the mountain top and scream this you can get a lot of miles out of pushups I've not seen a case where you know the muscle group could not have been benefited by pushups you have a lot of variations to go through before you exhaust and I think you just need to explore that you you try not me to you're going to do what works for your your clients and yourself of course but you have a lot of lot of progressions to go before you exhaust the pushup you know so hopefully we answer that question if not feel free to type some more out and we'll we'll go through you know whatever we need to in order to hopefully help answer answer the question further if we need to but but the next one we were going to talk about and this is going to upset some people I know is the upright row and you know Marty I'm going to let you take this one yeah so I'm going to I'm going to go right back to my athletic training days that's my first part of my career and still certified athletic trainer so we are there to assess injury and to make sure that people can continue to participate or do we need to pull them out of that activity and so we do a lot with the pedic type of injuries so one of the first things we learn in shoulder assessments is impingement and there's special tests there's a bunch of special tests for the shoulder that test different things but one of the ones that we learn right away is an impingement test where we basically mirror and upright row positions so what we're doing is we're doing internal rotation more on the impingement test than you see here but we're driving across their body to take the humoral head and just smash it into all the structures inside the shoulder to see and that's on not under low that's just body weight to see if that causes a symptom and recreates the pain if that is positive among other things you can start to assess that you have a shoulder impingement so shoulder impingement is basically there's a bit more to it than this but you've got four structures that can be impinged you've got your subscapularis which isn't the most common but you've got the long head of your bicep tendon and then your superspinatus and Terry's minor and infraspinatus that sit between these major bones so your humoral head and then your acromium and as they pass through there there's just a little bit of space that needs to be maintained there at all time if that space is ever you know compromised you're taking these little tendons and a burso that's also in there and you're squeezing it between two hard structures of bone that's where the impingement comes from so what I tend to see when people do upright rows a lot or some other exercises as soon as they let the weight down they give it one of these things and they're like ah well that's you just tested yourself under load for shoulder impingement but then people keep going doing it and when you look at the position here they're also shooting their head forward so now we change the biomechanics once again of that whole complex of the neck the shoulder so when you're most people are doing upright rows for upper trap which we're going to talk about or lateral del not opposed to working lateral del by any means and we will talk about upper trap here shortly so I'll be over here but there are safe for ways to load the lateral del without maximizing that shoulder impingement sensation so again not saying never to do it because apprentice I have a feeling you're going to throw this curve all at me what if I'm dealing with athletes that have to do snatches and overhead things again similar to my other uh sensation about dips is I will phase it in want appropriate look it with the end outcome may need to be and I might do things like kettlebells or other things I may not load it in this really tight position with a lot of weight because if you're going over your head at that point you better be using your hips and other your core to get that bar over your head so again it's one of those exercises that I can't say I utilize ever me personally but if you are going to utilize it if you're feeling that pain afterwards that's an indication of maybe that's not the right exercise for you but also again what's your long-term goals and are there safer versions to attack the shoulder so another long answer but I'm sorry and Marty to also you know when you were saying the different positions you know a lot of times people will say that they'll go into the empty can test which what that means is another test to see if you have a torn rotator cuff and we see this option the gym as well kind of targeting the same muscles it's a lighter weight they claim even though they're still using a lot of momentum head and throwing it up because you know these are really small muscles that you want to think about they're protecting the shoulder capsule but if you do it with your thumbs pointed down you're internally rotating and then you're lifting and you're lifting with momentum and lifting a heavy load well again just doing that thumbs down lifting up is a test to and orthopedics you know or a specialized medical professional to determine if if an area is is torn or injured so why would you want to train that way you know so as a safer alternative turn your thumbs up and do it that way lighten the load do it under control make sure that you quote own it because you're going to get more activation that way versus using momentum to lift heavy for something that you can actually increase the risks you know like you're you're increasing your risk of of tears and and injury right and just want to jump in there really quickly and Marty please correct me and before I jump into that thank you for stealing my thunder that's exactly what I was going to ask you I will get over it by the time we finish this webinar today but but this for everyone listening the orthopedic tests were meant they're designed to be provocative meaning they're designed to elicit that symptom that you're going into your healthcare provider for so we don't necessarily want to we don't want to strengthen that pattern I think that's what we want to get to there there's safer ways within our anatomical position that we can we can strengthen these movement patterns it's not by using a provocative test correct okay that's that's all I have since Marty asked the Olympic weightlifting question I guess we can continue all right so the friend that we're going to discuss is this rug and and again so I'm going to say something before I'm going to ask Marty to take you know take the floor on this one as well because this is one that he he wanted to include I mean shrugs you can do them so we're not again we're not saying that you should take shrugs out of your entire workout however we are going to go over the specific reasons reasons of why you just want to be careful when you do a shrug so Marty what would you say to that yes so now remember a lot of these exercises that we're talking about tend to be in the higher levels of the model first of all so again day one somebody coming in with deconditioned or have never really been through the OPET model that have faulty movement patterns you're going to see an increased chance of issues with a lot of these exercises we did talk about some that maybe we don't want you to do you know or we limit a shrug can be a good exercise but more than likely day one is probably not the best thing to get after you're going to see a lot of people are guarded or they tense up and they have an elevated position of their shoulder so at that point they're already telling you that they don't need strength in that they need to learn how to relax it maybe it's just a killing issue but again if they always are firing that whenever you see them do a push or a pull even at the lowest levels of weight watch what happens to their scapula you'll see a lot of people elevate and this goes for people that are sitting at the desk and all these other type of positions now assuming we got people through a progression then shrugs can be okay so you know there's the upper trap which is the general thing that we're targeting in a shrug however if you're doing it properly you will have the chin retracted which is now aligning my spine properly and again I will have a slightly retracted position and I'm going to come up under control pause and go all the way down under control at a much slower tempo than what you see I almost see ballistic shrugs in the gym and I also see every time they shrug their head pops forward I always call that like the the pez dispenser you know where their head comes flying forward so once again I've talked about a couple times think of all that stress and the cervical spine so these are type of things that we need to be careful of now the trap complex can do a lot more than most people think you can do it latedly rotates elevates and retracts the scapula and if the scapula is fixed it can do some rotation and movement of the head and neck so we're not saying never do shrugs but if not dealing with football players wrestlers mix martial artists that really big thick powerful muscles around their neck to guard it from impact probably not using a lot of weight with the people that I would eventually bring shrugs into and they have to do it with that chin tuck position slight retraction that ideal posture and it's going to be slower and controlled by far than what you would see in the gym and again this is not something that I'm usually firing off right away unless it's a total corrective exercise type of candidate and they've got some unique things that are going on in their scapula but again we're talking the weight would be so minimal at that point so I'm kind of surmising the majority shrugs we're seeing are in the gym with heavy heavy dumbbells or the heavy barbell and just to when you say the barbell that's the one that I see where it causes some of the risk versus reward because again if you have a straight bar and it's loaded very very heavily and you are going straight most the times as you can see even in this individual and this picture when she goes up into her shrugs look at what's happening at her shoulder complex so she's actually internalitated they're holding the bar out so she's not literally being able to keep her shoulders back and maintain the proper alignment while she's like actually going through the motion so just be careful like you said I mean we're not saying not to do them there is a time and place but just make sure that they're in really good alignment that it's safe and that as Marty mentioned multiple times under control and that they need it you know so that's the big and I'll add to that we brought up a good point a couple of slides ago similar to that for our tough mother people you have to consider we we're working with office workers and people who are chronically stressed and one of those one of those reflexes is to shrug and internally rotate so we don't want to then turn around and take that exercise and add that movement pattern off of on to and already compromised posture and apprentice to go off that thing that you just kind of cute me to think about you know a way that I use something similar is I do a lot of carries because I can again get the right way I can get dumbbells so now I'm a little more externally rotated or neutral I can get them to get set and yes they are going to be using their upper trap to stabilize but I don't have them walk around in the carry position elevated most times unless again very sports specific but there's nothing wrong with doing carry arm carries or two arm carries but again I'm not elevated as I'm carried I'm retracted chin tuck and of course I'm strengthening my upper trap because it's preventing movement and of course it's helping carry that load it's just I'm not always doing that shoulder elevation portion so it's another way to kind of attack it without forcing that elevation perfect okay so are we ready to get wow are moving along yeah we're going to move along this one I'm not going to touch I don't do them personally but I'm not going to touch it when they with the ground yeah well of course we wanted to add in the behind the neck lap pull down and as you can this gentleman is not in the five kinetic chain check points and you know I did mention the closed position and you know you say that thinking about what's happening at the shoulder um the limits in that position are the most stable but that's also where you don't want to crank a lot of weight on because of of the what can I do the shoulder capsule in that position so it's really not a benefit going into that particular in the neck but it does a lot of us on the shoulders as neck because you have to move your head again out of the way now we are not saying to perform lats we are not in that any type of pull down for lats is bad because again you can do individualize canals you can actually use a bar slightly lean back still maintaining proper alignment of the spine drawing in the core and then driving down and having the bar come right around your sternum I think it's fantastic exercise it just allows you to maintain proper alignment and it also keeps the joint in a very very safe position and Marty I don't know if you want to add into that what I like about the variation between the behind the neck and the front let's just let's assume that there was no problem with the behind the neck you're going to have less range motion where in the front you're going to have more of that shoulder depression and retraction so you're actually even gaining more from that added range of motion with what we need the scapula to do so when we add that on top that's where it's just hard for me to do a behind the neck I don't personally do them I don't train people to do them just due to the fact that I love the extra range of motion and the safety of what's going on in the shoulder in the neck and before we continue along that line Natalie has a question and thank you Natalie for jumping on and spending your time with us today and also before I forget Carrie thank you for sending submitting your question and for being on today Natalie wants to know we could go back to the the shrugs what are some safe Marty you mentioned a couple with the the carries and definitely holding dumbbells but what are some others safe alternatives for shrugs I personally like to do any type of shrug standing I I know there's the seeded shrug type of machines not a big fan because I've taken out my core to me mean personally it's a little harder to keep somebody in a neutral spine position and I want their glutes engage at all time and if I'm carrying over to real life activity more than likely in real life I'm going to be using my legs and other body parts as I would ever have to pick up any forceful way so for me I stay away from the seeded even if I was going to sit and do dumbbells so I love the carries I absolutely love them or if I can't do a carry I have no problem but I will personally always use dumbbells because of what the points at Wendy made and I will do them without wraps you know apprentice you and I grip in the power lifting days where you strap you know for the pull downs everything you really lose that grip and we know that there's a huge correlation between shoulders stability and grip strength so I go I actually do my shrugs when I am doing them slower because I really want that time on her tension in my grip so those are just different ways I'll do them and I like the one arm carries so that way I have to really my core and I've even done like a one arm type of carry with lunges where I'll lunge 12 times with the weight my right hand 12 times the weight my left hand and again I'm focusing on the proper position of the lunge of course but also we need to do at my shoulder complex including my spine and trap and you know scapula so that way I can do it you know it's a little bit of coordination there as well and there's another one that my husband likes to do that he likes when he activates his shoulders and said a lifting heavy and it's a specific activation of the of you know targeting the same muscles that were targeted in a shrug is that he would do like an overhead press but then add a shrug with that so therefore there's not a lot of and you know any pulling down on the on the shoulder if somebody can't do a farmer carry or a different type of carry or they don't feel like they're benefiting it because the weight is too much for them to control that even doing a seated press with a kind of a shrug up at the same time you could do that as well. Okay so hopefully Natalie that that gives you some alternatives for adding some shrug exercises into your programming so let's go back since we're on positioning in alternative so let's go back to the lap pull down now and talk just revisit the alternatives that you you talked about Wendy. Certainly so so again you know they they do have like the the cable machines where you can grab as cable from each end you can sit down or you can stand get yourself in the five kinetic change checkpoints and then just drive your elbows down and back you know that's that's one of the the more common ones that allows you to be in a very very good safe position. If you want to use the bar as I mentioned earlier you can be in a seated position you know if you want to slightly lean back so again you're not leaning all the way back and there's no motion at that point once you set your hips and you set your core you're just actually going now controlling the bar so you're not letting it dry view up and pull you off of the seat. That's another one that you can do you know there's there's a ton of there's a ton of you know there's pull overs that you can that you can do with dumbbells. Marty I don't know if you have some favorites. No I think you can you know hit them all those are the ones that I tend to use and the only other thing too I'll do is the suspension training where I'll shorten this the suspension training I'll sit right underneath it and then you can do pull ups in that variation as well. Yep. So are there any more so we it looks like we're at the end so are there any more questions from anyone who's listening with us today and we're waiting Wendy tell us what your what your big takeaways are for today. So the big takeaways that I feel about doing this presentation and the ones that that are going to be coming up in the near future is think about the safety of your client a lot of times we really love exercises because we grew up with them but is it really the safest thing for your can and I think that's the big thing when you're designing a program always keep the client in mind keep their assessment goals and results in mind and then design the program that's going to benefit them to be able to to fire the prime movers that you really want them to activate throughout the workout but in the safest manner possible so the five can edit change checkpoints really you know make sure that you own the exercise that can you control it at the tempo that needs to be happening to build the adaptation and the phase of their end and then at that point you know happen with it so if you know if you feel like you want to do a dip and you think that you can do it and that's something that you want to do that is all you we just to provide with some insight and kind of some not about listen if you do this just please keep this in mind of what could happen long term on an injury standpoint and so yeah and if you want to contact me my information is up there so it's just when he dot bats at nsm dot org and then my Instagram is windy dot bats 13 all right awesome and before we get to Marty you brought up something really interesting just about understanding what's good for the client and Marty you've talked about before you at some point if you're going to be in this industry long term really expand your toolbox so but having said that most a lot of trainers first portal of entry into the fitness industry is through a modality I know you mentioned TRX it could be kettlebells it could be whatever that is so what's your advice to that person to get them to use that modality but also the client in mind keep them safe yeah so interesting like I came up with something that just effects in my mind I call my three rules of training is first do no harm which as a medical professional we have to take that oath but we just talked about a lot of opportunities here to evaluate what's appropriate then you got to give them what they want why you give them what they need again they may have grown up as windy set or you may have grown up or these modalities so think about that and then change it up as needed and study study more and understand that any of the sums that toolbox where you could fit every modality within the industry when you look at it from a five kinetic chain check point standpoint as well as where in what phase of training and the regressions and regressions and then the final thing is have fun with it right we don't want to make this you know painful not talking about physical but just the process so that's kind of how I go through anytime I was training a client or even for myself so go out and get all those modalities but don't get confused between a modality and a evidence based system fall in love with that evidence based system and then put all those modalities that you love in the proper spot. I'm standing do you have any more more takeaways for today Marty? No except just come back next week and we'll go through lower body. Sounds good. And then my contact information is right there. Marty.miller at nsm.org and then dr. Marty Miller and two for Instagram. All right well thank you very much and if there are no further questions thank you windy and Marty as always for providing us with this information and thank you Greg for holding it together and thanks to everyone who stuff with us for the entire hour we will see you it's time.