Welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie and I'm delighted to have you here today. If you are watching this on our Facebook live and I hope you are. If you're watching this on Facebook live, if you see anything wet on my shirt, I just want to share a life hack with you really quick. And you have a wrinkle-eat shirt because I have been traveling. Usually what I do is I'll take a shower and without telling off, I put the shirt on. It's completely wet, but it completely dries without any wrinkles. If you actually do see wrinkles, then maybe it doesn't work as well as I thought. I'm very excited today to have Farah Khan with us. And she is a rest-shared dietitian. She's going to be talking to us today about what is the appeal of these popular diets? What are some of these popular diets? And then we're going to get into the quality of nutrition versus just counting your macros. And I expect this exploration to go into a lot of different places. And with that being said, you get to direct it. So if you're watching live on Facebook live, then please shoot us some questions right now. Don't wait until the end. Certainly if something pops up and we answer it along the way, fantastic. But if you have questions, go ahead and start asking those questions and our producer Greg. We'll feel those questions. We'll give you a mouth. We'll decide if they've gotten answered or not before they get asked. And then if they do get asked, he'll give you a shout out on the air. So with that being said, hi Farah, welcome. Tell everybody a little bit about yourself before we get into it all. Hi, Rick. Well, thank you for having the on. It's a pleasure being here. I'm definitely very excited about it. And thank you also for the tips on getting wrinkles out. I'm going to make a final final final. Well, it's great to be here, you know, I'm really excited. I'm a registered diet hishin, I've been a registered diet hishin for the last five years. I've been masters in food and nutrition. I'm going to complete it. My masters grew up in training him. So several years ago, I also had a master's in a fine art illustration and an undergrad in Icon poly size. So becoming a diet hishin was a career change for me. And it's something that, you know, I absolutely love. So I currently do a lot of outpatient nutrition counseling in your city in the Jersey area. I also teach undergrad in graduate nutrition classes at while in university in Brooklyn. Absolutely. Down. Yeah. Yeah, they got a good personal training program out of that university as well. And with you having a background in design, that means when you write your nutrition textbook, you can do design it as well. It's a, that's a one stop shop for you. So thank you so much for being on. I appreciate it. And hey, let's just jump right into it at this point. I want to talk about it. What is so appealing with people when it comes to popular diets? And then let's have this conversation fair because it's really important. There are a lot of popular diets. There are popular diets that I don't know about because I don't live in the world of trying to figure out what people are doing. But I know several of them and one of which my brother is on, which is the carnivore diet. So I want to talk about all of these, why are they so appealing? And then, and then let's get into what's going on within these diets. Right. And you're right. There are so many out there. I'm sure there are some popular diets out there that you know, I haven't even heard of. So I can't only have to keep looking them up. Okay, what new diet is this person on? You know, some of the popular ones, as you mentioned, there's a carnivore diet, there's a keto diet, which does have a little bit of you know, medical nutrition history behind it. There is the Paleo diet, the primal diet, the 3-day army diet. You know, so many out there, the intermittent fasting diet or protocol. What's the appeal of them? I mean, we see so many people who jump on, you know, this next phase or bandwagon of, okay, let me try this diet because they're looking for a quick fix. A lot of the times, I think, diets are glamorized. You know, either someone's promoting them or their popularized in popular media. Typically, they seem popular because they offer a short term solution. You know, if you do XYZ, you will get resolved by or resolved Z. And that's appealing to a lot of people. You know, we like some sort of solution to problems. And if a diet offers that, then it becomes appealing, you know, one of the things that diets offer are like a blueprint or a roadmap, which a lot of people like. You know, it's a simple, structuralized program that says, okay, if you do XYZ, you will be guaranteed these results. And a lot of times when people are looking to lose weight or to feel healthier, that's appealing to them. You know, there's this dichotomy between this is where I am. This is what the diet says. I will achieve if I follow these steps. And that's really popular. That's really appealing to a lot of people. So, eating that's one of the huge reasons about it. Is you do have this XYZ format where it seems to guarantee you results. You know, if you just follow these simple steps. I get it a lot with personal training and fitness where people want to ask me a question. And let's be honest, Vera, they don't like this answer, but it's a good answer from our perspective. And the answer is it depends. Right? So when they ask a question about fitness or they ask a question about nutrition, it depends comes from the place of education. Right? So there are different strokes for different folks. What are their different needs? What are different pathologies? What did your park use say? What did your input form say? What are your subjective and objectives? And science and what are your symptoms? There's so many things. And so when we say it depends, then people say, well, I don't want it depends. I want the answer. Right? And I think you're right with this. And then any diet is going to give you the answer. It eradicates the it depends situation and just says do it this way. Right? And people like that clarity, you know, as a dietitization when I counsel people or you know when my colleagues counsel people, there is a lot of it depends. You know, if we're asked, well, is saturated fat bad for me? Well, it depends. You know, how much are you eating? What else are you eating? What is the rest of your diet look like? There's no clear cut answer. And well, yes, it's bad or yes, it's good. And that ambiguity, it doesn't very sexy to a lot of people. You know, with with diets too, it's, you know, you can eat healthy. You can have a, if you're looking for weight loss, you can have a slower paced moderate rate of weight loss by improving the quality of your diet. But that doesn't sound that sexy. People don't want, you know, a prolonged change or a drawn out weight loss pattern. We want media results. You know, we're, we're, we're geared like that in our society. We want immediate change. So that concreteness, I think of a lot of popular diets tends to be very appealing. And you find that the majority of the diets, I mean, it's a, this is an underhand pitch question. The majority of the diets are pretty short-lived and why is that? Um, they are pretty short-lived. predominantly because most of them, and again, you know, I hate to generalize because they're different protocols in the different diets, but they typically cut out either a feed group or a significant chunk of calories or they have restrictive rules that, you know, you can follow them for like a month, a couple of months. But in the long term, it becomes difficult to sustain them. Um, you know, for example, if you're cutting out a huge food group going out to eat maybe death, I call it, not to mention that you may be a risk of certain nutrient deficiencies, depending on what the food group is. Um, but a lot of times, you know, the popular diets achieve their success by creating a caloric deficit, because someone who's looking to lose weight. If you cut out certain food groups, if you cut out huge portions of what you may have been eating before, then yes, you're now you're in a caloric deficit. So you are going to see some improvement. I will say some, you know, some popular diets will cut out things like a lot of processed foods that maybe, you know, high and fat sugar. That automatically is pulled on quote that I hate to use the term cleaning up your diet, but it does remove a lot of high calorie energy-dense foods that may have been contributing to someone's, you know, weight gain or to them not feeling so great. So if they cut that out, they're automatically going to feel better. Now you can do that without going on a diet, but having that structured roadmap, sometimes, you know, just seems appealing to a lot of people. I'm curious for those people who are going through nutrition, study and school and things like that. We all know the word diet just means what you eat. But in general, when we talk about diet, we, we're not talking about what you eat, we're talking almost about what you restrict. Right. So it's some sort of plan around your eating. In school, are they like, oh, I can't stand this or are they just like, hey, this is what it is and just understand it and let it go. You know, it's interesting because a lot of times when you even when you say the word diet, people automatically picture a like a clerical level or a clerical restriction that you should be eating. I'm hoping that going forward that schools, you know, even in popular media, the word diet doesn't take on such a negative connotation of restriction, but that it becomes more inclusive of, okay, what are you eating? What are your, you know, daily eating habits like? And I'm both as is more on quality versus getting into a numbers game necessarily and just going on and off a certain way of eating. I mean, in the long term, you know, going back to a question about why do diets, are they short-lived? A lot of them are short-lived because they don't bring about sustainable changes in your way of eating. I mean, a magic place or like the optimal place for someone to be in is for them to be able to fuel and nourish their body adequately and be comfortable modifying their diet in a variety of situations when they're traveling, if they're going out to a party, you know, if I don't know, wettings, whatever occasion, just being comfortable and knowing what they're eating is well within their nutrient, you know, needs. Being able to modify your diet in a variety of situations and being comfortable being able to do that is where we're ideally anyone really wants to be without having to yoyo on and off certain, you know, ways of eating and restricting nutrients. Well, one of the questions I have for you, I think this is probably the biggest thing when it comes to being someone that counts those people is not necessarily what is the right choice? Don't get me wrong. Yes, that is valuable and that's where that education comes in. But just because you know the right things, doesn't mean you can get people to do the right things. So what is the challenge for you as a registered dietitian that works with people to get people to try to increase their compliance and adherence to decisions or the conversations that you have with them? Great question. Multiple factors feed into people's decision, you know, to eat a certain way into their food choices. I think the environment we live in certainly has a role to play with the plekora of you know food choices around us. It's fast food, if you go into the grocery store, they're multiple, you know, varieties of things. And a lot of signs report that they they just feel overwhelmed with the amount, with the variety of choices out that they're not sure what to pick. Some clients report that they just feel compelled to eat, you know, dessert if it's in the house or they have, you know, a weakness for chips cookies candy and that if it's in the house, they're going to eat it. So adherence and I want to say just not feeling, you know, this pressure to eat a certain way. Sometimes it just becomes too difficult for a lot of people to stick with. I think a lot of times clients play a lot of pressure on themselves, what that they should be eating a certain way and restricting, you know, certain other things. That and itself creates a very difficult environment because now that they're torn between and well I really want to eat this but I feel like I quote unquote shouldn't. Whereas relaxing that pressure someone saying, you know, these foods are available to me. I can enjoy them within the context of a healthy diet and still do fine. That part of it seems to be topped over com. Yeah. I have there are a few questions I have one is when I was studying nutrition, not please, not on the level that you were but there were a lot of talk about variety of foods and balance and eat the rainbow and that does not mean get your skills in but having a lot of different colors and your foods. Why is that? Can you just kind of address that and then hopefully that maybe can lead into diet quality, which is one of the conversations that we agreed that we wanted to talk about and then county macros and and pitting those against each other. Right. Yeah, eat the rainbow, you know, it's something that I advocate too and and I just said it doesn't mean eating your skills. It really means eating a wide variety of whole and process foods of different colors. Okay. So a lot of different colored foods and vegetables. Why we recommend that is that those colors reflect fight on nutrients in those foods and those are, you know, they're not they're they don't want to fight on nutrients or in calories in them but they are nutrients that play a huge role in our health. Okay. They are they have antioxidant properties, anti-inflammatory properties, basil dilatory properties. So, you know, buzzwords that you hear like flavonoids and those science, um, uh, carotenoids. All those are fight on nutrients that are in things like, you know, your berries, your tomatoes, your um, yellow and red bell peppers. Those micro nutrients are incredibly important in regulating, you know, our metabolic processes. So they keep us healthy. They they have a huge influence on our immune system, on our respiratory system, um, just in every cell in our body, you know, they they regulate a lot of metabolic processes. So if your diet skimps on those micro nutrients, then you're really, you know, missing out on a lot of those quality nutrients that can help keep you healthy in the long term. Um, that's why, you know, we read we really highly recommend that people diversify their diet in terms of getting in a wide variety of fruits and vegetables to maximize their nutrient intake or their micro nutrient intake. Okay. So with that being said, I I also have a question and then we'll get into diet quality, but after 60 days of quarantine, I figured I would save enough and I left New York City with my family and came down to Alabama. So I'm hanging out with my mom and dad where I grew up and it's making me think about how I grew up eating my kids of grown up eating differently. So they are having, I mean, they'll eat yellow and red and green pepper. I never had a pepper until I was an adult out of my house, but also the foods that we do have. They tend to be in the south, particularly, I'll speak for myself and my family, but we will cook the chew out of any vegetable. Like you don't need teeth to eat the food that we cook. All you need is a tongue and a goal it. You just chew it with your tongue and swallow it down. Can you, is it true that you can cook nutrients out of food? It is. Can literally cook foods to death or to the point where, okay, now you kind of destroy it a lot of nutrients. I mean, how he cooking can destroy a lot of heat sensitive nutrients. If you cook in a lot of water, so say for example, you're boiling, you know, vegetables in a ton of water, you are going to leach out a lot of the water soluble vitamins in it. I recommend high heat cooking a lot of time. I mean, if you are going to retain some nutrient from the iron, you're not going to get anything out of your vegetables, but not cooking them to an extremely high temperature or cooking them for a long period of time, will preserve more of the nutrients, the antioxidants, the vitamins, minerals, not so much. Mineral tends to be a little bit more hardy, so things like iron, calcium, copper, those types of micronutrients are a little bit more hardy, but your vitamins, your phytonutrients are much more susceptible to being destroyed with the heat cooking. Yeah, I can't say I'm disappointed because I figured that would be the answer, but too bad, too bad. Well, that's why we have tea. I'll talk to my mom. So with that being said, people a lot of times in order to get weight loss. And and I want people who are listening right now live to start coming up with your questions, offering your questions about what diets they want to ask you about and about counting their macros, but let's talk about counting macros. And a lot of people, we're looking at caloric deficit when it comes to weight loss. And so that's macros, which is first of all, really challenging for a lot of people, trying to count the macros itself. But you mentioned a diet quality versus counting macros. So can we speak a little bit to this and then have a conversation about both of these things, right? I want to know about diet quality, but I also want to talk about macros and does that mean somehow that diet quality kind of inherently provides fewer calories? I don't know. Let's talk this one out. No, it's a fascinating topic. For anyone who's listening in, if you're throwing around this word macros, if you're not sure what it is, macros is just short from macronutrients, which are your proteins, fats, and carbs. In a lot of diets or in certain situations, people will count their macros, they'll count their grams of carbohydrates, fats, and proteins, because those three macros are the ones that provide calories. You don't get calories from vitamins, minerals or phytonutrients, but you do get calories from carbs, protein, and fats. And just as an FYI, carbohydrates provide four calories per gram, fats, provide nine calories per gram, protein per gram. So if you count your macros, back that one up again? fats provides nine calories per gram, and then proteins or what? Four? Okay, and carbohydrates or what? All right, all right, all right, contere. I was like, oh wait, do I get that wrong? No, because those macronutrients provide calories or conteree calories to your diet. If you're counting them, it can give you an idea of your overall for a lower intake, but also how your calories are split up across protein, fats, and counting macros is a useful tool in certain situations. For example, if someone's looking to change their body composition, and they want to make sure that they're eating enough protein or enough carbohydrates to fuel their training, it can be a helpful tool in that case. Where I feel it's not so helpful is, you know, for the average person who's just trying to improve their diet, they can get very caught up in counting the numbers between, oh, you know, I need X number of grams of carbohydrate, X number of grams of fat, and start to eat just random foods in order to hit those macro targets, not paying attention to the quality of their diet. And by quality of diet, I mean, you know, are you getting a whole-in-process sources of lean protein of vegetables, of fruit, or full-rains of healthy fats? That, I think, should be in place before like an average person just starts to count their macros and worry about the numbers. So diet quality, I feel, for the general population, is superior to worrying about what your macros are. Once you've got, you know, when you take a look at your diet quality, then if you have a specific goal in mine, for example, body composition changes, or if you're training and want to make sure that you're hitting your targets for protein and carbs in fats, then looking at your macro breakdown can be very helpful. Can we talk about a Utah quality of food? Is there a quality of macronutrients? And I say that because you did go through and you say good fat versus bad fat, right? Lean protein versus not lean protein. And then we have multiple versions of what a carbohydrate is and how it's delivered into the system. So can we have you just touch on it? I don't know how deep you want to get into it, but I'd love to be in this conversation about good versus bad. And I'm not talking about trans fats. We'll take that off the table. But let's just talk about types and what tends to be better? I'm so glad that you brought out the good versus bad label because in reality, I hate to label any kind of food as good versus bad. Apart from trans fats, I will say trans fats are bad all around. We know they're bad. We'll just throw them at the water here. I don't like to leave label foods as good or bad because at the end of the day, they're all a different composition of macronutrients. Okay, they're a different composition of protein fats and carbs. You may have a higher fat meat versus a lean meat. Both can fit into the context of a, you know, a healthy diet. It just depends how much you're eating of a beach and how often and what you're overall health is. So, you know, here we go back again to the, it depends question on the entire situation. So I don't like to leave label foods as good or bad. Simply because they are, you know, a different combination of macronutrients, they can all fit within the context of anyone's diet. That being said, if someone's diet is predominantly, you know, comprised of very high fat foods, very, you know, that are high-encaturated fat, for example, and they have other health issues. That may not necessarily be the best choice for them. If someone, you know, for example, has medical issues and that they are, for example, diabetic and their diet is just high in sources of high glycemic carbohydrates or it's simply very high in carbohydrates and general, that may not be the best choice for them. So again, you know, we go back to the whole, it depends question. That being said, there are certain sources of, for example, fats that are heart-houted. So you have your mono-unsaturated fats and things like olive oil, olives, avocados that, you know, a lot of research does show that they are heart-houted fats. They're associated with lower-risk, of cardiovascular disease, proved, you know, triglycerides, longevity. Those types of fats, I would recommend to be a much larger proportion of the fat in your diet. Omega-3 fats and things like fatty fish, walnuts, flaxseeds, you know, those are heart-houted fats less inflammatory than your Omega-6s in a lot of vegetable oils. So having more Omega-3s in your diet is going to be healthier, quote unquote, because it is associated with a lot of health benefits. So there are certain choices of macro-nutrients that that have health benefits that I would say are healthier choices for that reason. Okay, and I'm going to do this because I don't do a lot of supplementation, but I do take an Omega-3 supplement because I am allergic to fish and I'm not crushing walnuts like that. Okay, so I do take a supplement because of the correlation of heart health and having that healthy fat that's associated with it. You know, are there are there moments where I know I'm not one of those people that just say supplement, but because that's what a supplement is. It's supplement something that isn't already present in your diet or cannot be achieved through your diet, and that's one of the things that's difficult for me to take in. Are there certain times where you work with people and you're considered taking a supplement? I think you nailed it there when you said, you know, a supplement, your diet, and make up for something that's missing. Yes, absolutely. You know, I'm not opposed to supplements. I mean, what are supplements? They really encompass all your vitamins and minerals that you take outside of what you're getting in your food plus, you know, you're protein, etc, etc. There are all cases in which case I would suggest as someone take a supplement. Case in point, you know, someone who might be in your situation, if they're allergic, you know, if they don't eat fish for whatever reason, if they're not consuming a diet that's rich and a certain nutrient, then by all means, you know, a supplement can help. Omega-3 fish oils are one of the supplements that I do feel like if people are not getting enough in their diet of Omega-3's, they, you know, it would be beneficial to look into. Probiotics are another big, you know, there we have supplements and improved gut health. There's so much out there right now on the importance of gut health and immunity and just longevity and, you know, chronic diseases. So if someone's not getting a good source of probiotics in their diet, if they're not eating fermented foods, they're not eating yogurt, kefir, sour crowd, you know, all those, all those good things, then I would say, you know, maybe look into getting a probiotic because you're not getting enough good, but you know, that healthy bacteria for your gut health. So certainly, now there are other supplements, you know, things like iron vitamin D, but I would say that needs to go through, you know, a doctor because you do need to get lab work done, make sure that, you know, you are actually deficient in those things before you start popping something like an iron pill or something. You know, no one should really do that, unless they get their lab work done. Yeah. Okay. I think that's valuable to point out. So so thank you for that because sometimes people just say, hey, let's, let's supplement this and they, they have no idea if they're sufficient, deficient if it's needed. So I agree with that, 100% get some, get some tests done before you just start throwing and things that may or may not be needed into your body. With that said, I'm going to turn this over to Greg, our producer, Greg, do we have any questions that have come through the pipeline here for Farah? We do. There's a few of them. Jill would like to know, for an active woman, what is the MAC from nutrients you've recommended for that? Ah, so not for nutrients in terms of caloric level or just a breakdown of how many grams of protein carbs and fats. I believe she's looking for a breakdown of carb protein fats. Okay. Jill, you're going to hate my answer because of course it's going to be it depends. It depends. It really depends on, you know, your energy needs or baseline energy needs. It's going to depend on your activity level really. Plus any health issues that you know, you may or may not have. To give you, you know, an quick explanation of why that, why it depends is that, you know, your energy needs, you're getting the energy requirements to broken up into your basal metabolism, your BMR, your exercise activity thermogenesis, which is what you expend due to the structure that exercise, your needs, your non-exercise activity thermogenesis, which is, you know, how active you are, just walking around or daily stuff. And the thermic effective food, which is the energy expended, digesting, metabolizing what you've eaten. So we'd have to take a look at, you know, your stats, you know, your high age, we actively level plus what you're doing for exercise, and how active you are in a daily basis before giving you a specific recommendation on your macro breakdown. Oh, people hate that answer, Ferra. I hate it. Just give me a diet and tell me the right answer. That's all I want. Oh, I'm correct. Greg, anything else? So we got to come in it. Yeah, he wants to know, is it okay to use intermittent fasting for weight loss? Is it okay? Of course, I hate to give like a yes and no answer. It is okay. If if you don't have any health issues where it may be contraindicated, okay? So if you don't have like hypoglycemic episodes where you should not be going without food for any specific period of time, if you're not type one diabetic, you know, where you really shouldn't be doing something like that. It is okay. You know, I don't think that there's any harm in trying it. But I would speak to your doctor, let them know, meet with a diet's hush and, you know, if you have any questions about it, but just, you know, cover your bases, make sure that there are no underlying health issues that that may contraindicate that. I think something else with intermittent fasting and it's become popular and I think it's in large part because it, it just gives you a window that you can eat. And if you're not familiar with intermittent fasting, it's just giving windows of time. So 24 hours in a day, let's say that you have an 18 hour fast and the other six hours in the day is your window to eat and that window might be you can have lunch and dinner and snacks in between. But here's the thing, that works really, really well for some people and it just doesn't for others. So one of the things about diets is that you have to find sustainability in those diets and if it doesn't work for you, then don't. But I agree with you on that fair, there could be some for some people contraindications, but if you're a healthy person, try it. Given try, if it works for you, continue with it until it gets old for you and then you'll find another diet because that's what we do. We go from one to the other to another, but it has to be workable. Right, and you know, exactly, I do want to add Greg that if, you know, if it's a helpful tool for you to kind of, you know, take a look at your diet and say, okay, I want to structure it, I want to improve my diet quality and really, you know, avoid snacking excessively, maybe late at night. That's where I feel like it helps a lot of people to cut out a lot of excess of snacking if they feel like that's out of control. If you feel like it's going to be helpful for that reason, by all means, you know, you're welcome to try it. You feel like it's becoming stressful just thinking about food and that you're starving in the morning and you really want to eat, now it's not really becoming something that's sustainable. It's impeding your quality of life if you're constantly thinking about, my God, I'm hungry, but I can't eat so near. In that case, I feel like it's not really worth it because it's not working with your lifestyle. You know, go back, take a look at, you know, what you're eating, your diet quality, as I said, improve your diet quality and you may find that maybe enough to help you lose weight rather than worrying about a specific window. And with that being said, thank you for bringing that up. With that being said, a lot of times when people are doing intermittent fasting, they will freely say, then you can eat whatever you want, but you can do it. As long as it's within this window and I would like to challenge that, I'm sure that you would like to challenge that as well. But one thing it does do, which sometimes is what's easier for people, does it necessarily change what you're eating or what you're having if you're still having a bad diet, but you're limiting your calories, there can be value to that. But what we would like to see beyond that is not just the limitation of calories, but the increase in health. And we've seen the quote over and over again, let thy food be thy medicine, right? So use your food to be a gift for to you and not just for cravings or desires, but also give your body what it needs. And I've said this before one time, one of my best friends in the world whose name is Jordan, somebody just didn't drink enough water. And they say, oh, I don't ever drink water. I don't like water. And he just looks at him and he goes, you are an adult. Drink water. It is time to be an adult. Drink your water. And I hate to just be that blunt because it's not that easy for a lot of people to do what they need to do, but I do it with my children with their food. I know what you want to eat and I know what you need to eat and I look at it with myself as well. I should be better sometimes with my diet and sometimes my wife's wonderful, she'll make wonderful, wonderful, healthy meals. And I may not love it, but they are so healthy. Sometimes I do love it. Don't give me a idea. I do enjoy healthy food as well, but understanding the right decision may not curb a craving. But eventually that craving will pass to and and I think they're just it's difficult to say discipline, right? Because sometimes just saying discipline does not answer the question. It is creating a strategy that's going to help you achieve a goal, but there always has to be effort within an strategy to get you somewhere. There always has to be effort. And so I do want to push that it is not just, you know, here's the diet where you'll never be hungry and here's the diet where you can eat whatever you want. I think there needs to be a strategy and there needs to be the effort that creates change because changes are easy. It just change definitely is not easy. And you know, a trying to change too many things in your diet and one go is also overwhelming for a lot of people that you know, going from maybe not even having a very healthy diet to suddenly doing a complete 180 and saying I'm going to cut all these things out in one go and try and stick with that that may be very stressful and difficult for people. So working with what you is realistic for someone to be able to sustain in the long term, that's what's going to bring about lasting changes. It's got to be something that you can stick with long term for it to make a difference and without yo-yoing back and forth between, you know, if your time is way gaining way it losing way, because that's a dangerous trap to fall into, you know, not to mention stressful. Going back to like your point though about diet quality with intermittent fasting, yes, absolutely. You know, I don't think that people should use it as a justification for a free fall in the window with eating without any regard to what they're eating. You know, as a whole, being more aware and cognizant of what you're putting in your body does a lot of good. You know, being aware of what nutrient dense foods you're eating, what nutrient dense foods you're not eating, you know, how you can improve the quality of your diet. Being aware that being aware of what you're eating, putting in your body, I think does everyone a lot of good because it doesn't make you more likely to choose more nutrient dense products and it also gives you, I think, the competence and the ability to indulge sensibly when you really want something. Okay, so being more aware of where you're eating gives you an advantage on both accounts. Yes, you're eating more nutrient dense foods, but you also know that if you really want that ice cream, you can have it because you're not necessarily eating it as a free for all the time. You know, it's perfectly fine to have it when you want it. But that awareness, I think, provides the freedom. Yeah, and I like it to my dad. I just thinking about this probably because I'm back at home in my parents' house with my family right now visiting and my dad, I remember him, he said one time, can you imagine how good grapes used to be before they created Snickers bars? So I just think that there are some gifts from nature that that can feed us a little bit better can provide a bit more nutrients and that are absolutely delicious. What you can still overdue, but you know, you're going to be less likely to to to go into this excessive caloric intake from apples and in other delicious foods that and you're also not going to feel bad about it when you put those things in your house and you have them. I doubt that guiltometer is going to go through the roof because you had apples or grapes or a Clementine or nectarine, but you know, when you when you crush that that that candy bar, whatever it is, then sometimes we circle it back around and we we we vlogger ourselves and we beat ourselves up over doing those things and don't give me a word like you said the ice cream can be okay and for somebody like me, like I just have to plan around it in multiple reasons one because I'm type two diabetic. So we had a family get together and they had ice cream and I knew we were going to have ice cream. So I planned my carbohydrates throughout the day. I did my exercise before I had my food and then I was like now I can do this without this incredible spike in my blood sugar which could be dangerous for me. So I don't I try not to have foods like that but when I would do and I know it's coming and I prepare for it or remember we talked to I have a strategy. All right. So and and there's effort that goes into it and trust me there's effort that said oh I have to minimize my personal carbohydrate intake so that I can have these carbohydrates at this time but I planned for it, put a strategy together for it and then executed that and and I think that you know like it could be as you mentioned multiple times more aware being aware and being prepared then that's where that value comes in exactly that awesome break hey do we have any any other questions sir yeah your wife is wondering why you don't like her food she's in the chat yeah I was just kidding like that just kidding I apologize my mispronounced that name in the chat wants to know what your thoughts on food addiction are is it factor food addiction I want to say that I'm not like the scientific guru on this I would have to go back and look at a lot of studies I I don't believe that you know food is necessarily addictive I think that we associate certain foods with feelings of you know pleasure with feelings of feeling good and that association that feel good feeling can be something that we quote unquote become addicted to that we like the way it feels that we attach emotional comfort to certain things for example you know if I'm stressed out and I start reaching for all choose ice cream again I don't know what I'm picking on ice cream um but I know that's good you know if I'm stressed out and I'm making rice cream all the time then that may turn into habit we're now I'm always going to be reaching for ice cream because I'm feeling stressed out um am I addicted to it I wouldn't say I'm addicted to it but I've made this association that and and turned it into a habit but now I'm stressed out I'm going to go reach for that because that's what I associate with feeling better um so I think the association more than the addiction it is where the difference lies yeah and how it's safe is there's there's a challenge in that and for somebody who had to go from a carbohydrate heavy diet to a very low carbohydrate diet I've never been crazy or in my life never been more upset never had I drooled and you know they're there physical and physiological reactions to food and and then unleashing so I would say that whether it is an addiction or whether it is a habit if you need help or know somebody that needs help support or counseling regardless of addiction or habit or whatever it is support them with that and let's see if we can direct them to people whether it's a a registered dietitian or a mental health care professional that can help focus on that area and support them in that process please deliver that contact information to people because that is a incredible value you know and like I agree with you 100% there Rick you know I think there are a lot of professionals out there who would be happy to talk through someone you know that kind of an issue with them and then you know just to jump on what you said about the carbohydrate if you're cutting out a lot of things in your diet and you're you know an active person and of course you're and your body needs energy then of course you're going to start thinking about those types of foods those energy and foods on a more regular basis you know if you've cut out you've been eating a high carb diet and then all of a sudden try to very low carb diet and you are going to want those carbohydrates so you know that doesn't necessarily mean it's an addiction to those carbohydrates it's a it's a reflection of a physiological need there yeah oh it was the struggle was real fair let's struggle was real and you know I'm not said and was it maybe it's not as difficult as it used to be but but I still struggle with it from time to time don't give me wrong and you know I need supportive people if I didn't again this it's a Greg's point I didn't have my wife there to help and cook these amazing foods and and be aware and a support system for me so people don't have that and you need to see that out you need to find somebody and if if that's true um register dietitian if it's through some some mental counseling and there are people who do that through apps online now that help support you if they're cost effective ways to do it then find some of those cost effective ways but you know friends and family are usually super inexpensive ways that sometimes we don't want to burden people with problems um stop being so selfish because people want to help you people want to help you so reach out and let people do that all right Greg anything else on the on the question list here yeah Carla wants to know what's the maximum protein intake and active person working out 45 days a week doing strengths training can take for muscle building and I'm great question Carla so the recommendations and I'll give you you know the international society nutrition sports nutrition recommendations as the ISSN they're recommendations for protein intake for optimal muscle for athletes or for active individuals is 1.4 to 2 grams per kilogram there are studies that have shown that a range of 1.6 grams per kilogram to 2.2 to 0.4 grams per kilogram to 2.2 grams per kilogram is the optimal range for muscle protein synthesis so if you're in that range and you are training like as you said 45 days per week I would say that that's a good range to be in you know it may vary a little bit day to day but that's definitely a good target to aim for and it's interesting I've mentioned this with Fabio Cmana recently who is on the show and that's really a flashback to the old bodybuilding recommendations that's you know how many grams per pound and if you do the math that's kind of your high end of protein intake and one of the wonderful and interesting things I think that we should be aware of is there is an amino acid called blue scene that tends to be the triggering amino acid it's a branch chain amino acid and it triggers muscle synthesis so within your dietary complex having at least some the the loose scene so we got about 20 grams of protein and some instances maybe a little bit more 25 grams of protein but to have that at several times throughout the day because each time you hit that then it's going to peak again your muscle synthesis and that might also be where we get this idea of multiple meals throughout the day because it continues to stimulate muscle growth if your muscles have been challenged right so and in particular that loose scene so if you are taking man I wish I could remember the the number on the the loose scene but any of the the protein complexes that you take will generally have high amounts of branch chain amino acids with that loose scene involved so just to be aware of that and that one is a very good thing to look at because it is a triggering of protein synthesis it's a very important for people who are looking to build muscle and there are a lot of resources that have loose in in them you know like your needs do your your dairy does so definitely it's worse is there but yes loose in definitely important to look to look at when you're looking at some protein supplement I will add though that if if you're in a caloric deficit you know trying to eat out some body fat then protein needs maybe a little bit higher because you know you're not necessarily needing your caloric intake so to avoid losing muscle mass or you know metabolism where you're actually breaking down muscle mass then in those cases you're in a caloric deficit you may need to go a little bit higher than that 2.2 grams per kilogram just to offset back court deficit so you're not compromising muscle mass I love that's very important thank you for bringing that up and especially in that caloric deficit excuse me uh proteins do tend to be the more satiating of the macro nutrients so by having more protein and your diet you tend to be less hungry so if you're trying to build muscle and that lose some body fat at the same time which is challenging the increase in that protein will support you in both of those aspects so thank you for addressing that hey fairer are you okay on time for maybe another question or two I don't know where yeah all right Greg do you have any more questions that have come through yeah Anthony is an interesting and understanding about detox diet what do you know about those and what can you share detox I have to say like most registered by the kitchen right now eat the word detox and that's like talking about you like your liver and kidneys so detox diet is great question I know that there are tons of you know popular programs out there that say okay you know go on this XYZ cleanse detox yourself the end of the day you know unless you have a compromise liver and a kidneys your body does a phenomenal job of detoxing itself it has to okay otherwise we would not be alive your your body does an incredible job of detoxing itself you really don't need to you know drink a fancy juice to detox you I think more than anything these talk diets are probably like a mental detox because you're taking a break from what you may have been eating if you you know you were going to town on all kinds of you know junk foods but because you're logically it's it's almost like a waste of money I would say but you don't need to to pay for detox diet to start eating butter yeah stay away from any kind of detox diet you know just take a look at your diet what are you eating go back to the basics you know eat good quality foods protein proteins fruits vegetables whole grains that's enough of a detox for your body rather than anything to eat cleanse yeah I wonder if Anthony asked this question because he's like please answer this for me so somebody helped decide to me can tell my clients that detox is maybe not something that they should be focusing on and now and also they that for me if I see detox somewhere it's usually a red flag just saying like I don't know if you know what toxins we're trying to get rid of what what are the toxins and most people can't answer that question however when you mentioned it mental detox then then I get that because it creates a figurative language but when people say detox they take it very literally like you know do I have you know it must be a lot of mercury in my food if you've got that then you need a detox you need to be detoxified if you have mercury in your diet a lot but aside from that the any toxins that come through and they might be don't get me wrong like there could be mercury in your diet there could be you know if the fruits and vegetables maybe there could be some toxins on that that that haven't been washed out I mean you've got to clean your foods before you eat them there are chances of that but I also think that that's why in the the world of nutrition there's speak about variety because you do and you don't know there could be something that that might create some type of toxin but because you don't only eat that and build that up in your system you create such variety in your diet then you can be safe from from actual real toxins that could build up but I think for the most part like you said that I knew it was coming when the detox question asked and it was like oh this is good I want to hear what you have to say I think it's completely in line with my expectations let's go a couple more questions if we can with Greg and then we will sign often a few minutes Heather wants to know she says my partner started eating an anti inflammatory diet after she found out she had inflammation around a pinch nerve with her causing problems is it okay for the deviate from eating like this at any point from time to time or should she stay too? Great question Heather um I would say I would have to take a look at exactly what you know your partner is eating in quote unquote what type of deviation you're you're you know considering if I'm understanding correctly and again I may be assuming a lot here the anti inflammatory diet is going to be something that promotes omega-3 fats cut out a lot of like you know simple sugars maybe dairy white flour products omega-6 says if that's what you know I'm assuming that your partner is eating in terms of deviating from that you know what do you what are specifically do you mean by deviating does that mean having the odd again I'll go back to ice cream absolutely like it it's fine you know don't I think stressing about not being able to have those things is probably going to do more damage in the long term than just saying okay you know it's fine I can have it in one go deviating meaning going from you know an anti inflammatory diet to a complete one 80 and anything I don't know cheeseburgers and milkshakes every single day that is probably not going to be a good deviation but the odd you know indulgence in something like a higher sugar I don't like ice cream like some birthday cake once in bloom I don't think there's any harm in that you know if anything I think it's it's totally to have that break just stress wise too mental wise so I think it's perfectly fine if your partner is concerned though you know going and talk to a professional they will sit down and go through your diet with you and see you know where it is that you're what it is specifically concerned about but I don't think you know those odd indulgences in something that's a little bit higher and dear or sugar it is is gonna hurt. Hey Farrah with that being said are there food that tend to be more inflammatory and foods that tend to be anti inflammatory? In general a excess amount of omega sixes can you know be inflammatory and with that I'm not saying that you know with the eat too many nuts all of a sudden you're going to be inflamed most of the omega six fatty acids are we getting an inner diet are from a lot of excess process food intake and a lot of vegetable oils, soy oils, bitter and all kinds of packaged foods you know bottled foods, box foods. Access intake of that in general can be inflammatory you know in the long run so cutting back on that can definitely help in any kind of inflammatory condition bumping up your intake of phytonutrient rich food so you know blueberries, brightly colored strawberries, berries any any brightly colored fruit of vegetable and you're on omega 3 fatty acids bumping up lows in your diet is certainly gonna help with an inflammatory response so those are you know quote unquote anti inflammatory. Gotcha all right Greg one more question if you have it let's do it and then we'll close it out all right Erica wants to know what are your thoughts on intuitive eating. Oh I love that question um Erica that is I want to say it's a whole hour or more in itself because intuitive eating is everywhere at the moment it's a huge topic. I think he has to clarify what intuitive eating means to the individual you know doesn't mean going and eating you know it's wrong caution to the winds and eating whatever you feel like whenever you feel like or doesn't mean listening to your hunger cues and satiety signals and saying you know I generally eat a good diet or quality nutrients micro nutrient-rich diet as is but on the odd occasion when I do feel like having ice cream or cake I'm perfectly fine eating that way because I'm eating intuitively I know I I really want it and that's why I'm you know giving into it or indulging in it. It's there's a huge spectrum of like what intuitive eating means to the front people um so so I feel like I can't really you know answer it completely in just a few minutes but I think intuitive eating can work for people if you have a good understanding of what good nutrition is what nutrient-dense what a nutrient-dense diet is. Outside of that I think you know it becomes difficult to make sure they're eating a good quality diet without compromising your nutrient intake. You move over here and plug my computer in because it's about to conquer out on me. Oh I'd hate for that to happen in the last few seconds or so of our time together but I do want to say this um I think that challenging ourselves is important and sometimes that means that you can be hungry and you just have to be okay with being hungry that's a it's a self-challenge so you don't always have to feed and and this is me it's not research or anything like that it's like exercise to me it is may not be something that I want to do but it's something I challenge myself to do. A hunger is sometimes the same way it's something I want I'm hungry I want to eat and it's a personal challenge for me that I say I'm hungry I'm going to take up this challenge and I'm not going to eat. I'm a drink water or you know do some activity to take my mind off of it and one of the strategies that I simply just use with my clients is you find a food that's not your favorite food but it's also not something that you dislike and with that being said I use carrots and so if you go to the refrigerator and you keep looking for something to eat that's not hunger that's a craving and so you can go in there's a refrigerator filled with food and yet you can't find something to eat that means that you're trying to find something to snack on that's a craving that we hopefully will have subsides so what I tell people is I use a carrot if you're a hungry to eat a carrot you got to eat a carrot right and if you're not hungry enough to eat a carrot then you're not hungry enough to eat and that's not a rule it's not a law but it's something to gauge our desires and our cravings so if we're in a place like that where we're really hungry we're designing we're craving and I see the carrots I don't want to carrot I want something else then that food is probably you're looking for something that's a little less healthy so if you if you're that hungry you got to try to eat the carrot and then after the carrot maybe then if you're still feeling it you can go and grab whatever that other snack is but at least you can pat yourself on the back because you had a carrot I want to say thank you so much to Farah for being here Farah Khan it has been amazing having you I think you answered a lot of questions not just for me but for a lot of listeners and supported what we are trying to do here within the NASM community which is just provide support to our personal trainers and with that being said if you as a personal trainer are interested in nutrition NASM one of our biggest products that we have from the moment we launched it last year is the certified nutrition specialist and it has been an absolute win for us and it's only because of partnering with subject matter experts from all over including researchers not just on the importance of what nutrition is and learning about nutrition but learning how to coach and work with people with nutrition so it's not only about knowing as we mentioned before about knowing the right answers it is about providing a way to better to allow people to understand how to utilize these this dietary support and guidance so the NASM certified nutrition specialist I'm in the program right now so I'm going through it I'm studying for it and if you're interested I hope that you do the same thank you so much for your time thank you for listening my name is Rick Richie Farah thank you for being here this is the NASM CPT podcast