My name is Marcus Gerald, I'm the head strength conditioning coach for the Anaheim Dubs. It's done. I have to go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. You know what I got into it? I guess a number of different ways. I had some really great influences in my life. I have two older brothers. My middle brother really got me into weightlifting. I got a lot of money from bullying me and beat me up. But he introduced me to it. I remember I still remember to this day going to him. Going to the gym with him for the first time. He put the 45 bar in the bench and it pinned me harder than it had been pinned before. And that was kind of my introduction was, you know, this is how we left. It's hard and it's, you know, you got to, you got to click into a different mindset when you do it. So that's what kind of attracted me to it. And it was a, you know, as a busy kid play a lot of sports. So it was a kind of an escape to something I could do. And, you know, me and my brother did it a lot and what have you. Canada is hockey. So, you know, I did play hockey when I was growing up, but it was more, I was more suited for football, I had the bigger body. And, you know, just, I was drawn to it because again, because of my brothers influence and started playing and was lucky enough to be on a really good team in high school, Canadian speaking anyways. And I got recruited to play at a university. So I went up going there and that was when it really, you know, my eyes were open to. Wow, this is, you know, this is something I love, you know, it's, you, you really get into it and, you know, training five days a week and running track and, you know, it started to get good at it. So, you know, when you get good at something, it's, makes you want to do it even more. And then when I was finished school, I was supply teaching and kind of, honestly, didn't really know what I wanted to do. Even though I knew I loved this, but I didn't think you could make a job out of it. And, you know, I started training some football players as I was coaching football and got to introduce to some hockey athletes and then floodgates. Because I, I feel like I had that success early on because of my football background. Because really, a lot of this training is based from football. You know, or at least based in and around that, you know, there's a lot of the iron that comes from football. So I think I brought that to the hockey in my area anyways. And then I got introduced to a guy named Adam Foot, who was a NHL veteran Olympic gold medalist. He's from Wippie, which is my hometown. And that was he's the guy that really opened doors for me. And I was lucky enough to be able to work with him and help him for this last, last, almost half of his career, which was a big learning experience. For me, guy who had a lot of damage on his body, played for the Blue Jackets for a little while. Captain of the captain of them for a little while. And he really pushed me to be better and challenged me. And from there I started picking up jobs with any Ontario hockey league, which is like a big, the biggest feeder league that Canadian hockey league to the NHL. With the Oshwa generals. And then the Toronto Maple Leafs, Toronto Marlies. They hired me as the, as the Marlies head coach or head strength coach, sorry. And it was on from there. It was a really great experience there with a lot of great coaches and people that pushed me. And then I got an opportunity to kind of do my own thing. I started my summer program and it's kind of just kept on going from there. And then obviously the NHL thing. You know what I like I told you before. I retired or I resigned from the Marlies because my family grew pretty fast. I had twins. And you know, thought, okay, I'll stick to the private side and build my business and be home. And then I got this call mid July last year and are you interested? I said, well yeah, but you know, moved to California. I didn't really take it seriously, I guess. I know that sounds kind of dumb, but I really didn't. And then, you know, they flew me down. Had an interview. We want you. And it was like, okay. I went back to my wife. I said, what do you think? And she said, let's do it. I was just still young and what a great opportunity. And I had a lot of good people who are speaking for me and recommend to me, which is, you know, very grateful for that. And I said, you know what? It's a challenge. This is the time of my life that I'm probably going to be able to do it. I mean, the kids are young. Why not? So that's kind of the short and version of how it happened. You know what I think number one is just different bodies. Like, I do have some, I still train some football players at a pretty high level. And, you know, it's just, you know, both of them have wear and tear, but you're just, you're dealing with some very different body types with football players, very long levers. And I think, you know, training is still training at the end of the day. I don't really believe in the whole sports specific thing, but I still think you, you know, you do have to get specific to the individual and their needs and weaknesses. And that comes with a, you know, a good assessment and all that kind of stuff, which we all know. And I think with the hockey, unfortunately, it's a lot of, they spend way too much time on the ice. And that's something that even at the highest level that we fight or that I fight, because it's skating is very unnatural. And if you're not meant to do it, it's like squatting deep, you know, like some people just can't do it. And the more you force it, the more issues that are going to happen or that are going to occur. And, you know, I think there's, there's working with the individual body types and looking for individual needs. With hockey again, the, the, I try to really get our guys to stay off the ice as much as possible and get strong, you know, but, you know, speaking about the ducks, we usually go late into the playoffs. So that means we don't finish playing until June. So then that typically means for most guys, they have the month of July off the ice and then August, you guys start getting back on the ice. So you're skating for 300 plus days a year. You know, you can't put a heavy bar in your back and expect to have good results, you know, so you really have to be, it really comes down to planning and periodization of, okay, you know, in this block, we're going to work really hard. And we're going to, we're going to shift volume, we're going to shift all the, all the factors that we can and hopefully peak you to camp and to sustain it through the season. I think that's, that's the toughest part is really sitting down and going, okay, here's my 12 months of the hockey year. Whereas my time where I can get strong, whereas the time that I can, and you know, there's other variables too with injury and travel and our travel schedule surrenders because of the West Coast and, you know, those are all things that have to really come into play, especially in hockey. Yeah, I think first and foremost, you know, when I first came into the ducks and camp was open, I said, I have to get these guys to trust me and at the base of it, if they trust me, then, you know, when it comes to programming, when it comes to buy in all that kind of stuff, it's made that much easier when they, when that initial trust is there. So I have that now, with our team, because I listen to them, I don't baby them, but it's, you know, when it's time to work they work and I think I'm very fortunate in that regard, I got a really good group of guys. As far as when they, when they leave me, I think in my head, there's a lot of great coaches out there. We were talking about a few before of Defranco and, I don't scoff here in Columbus, a lot of brilliant guys. I'm not going to try and make a program and ask a guy like Defranco to do my program. I'm not, I'm not that type of person. What I will do though is, you know, ask our player, who's your strength coach, who are you working with? Give me the contact information. I'll have a number of conversations with them. On what I think is, you know, immediate needs, you know, what I saw during the season, nutritional needs, what have you, and I'll say, and I'll say, you know, I'll call you every three weeks and I expect a report on how my athlete is doing. And really, if you're a good coach, you'll like that. And I've always dealt with our players that way, even in the junior levels, you know, who are you working with? Okay. Oh yeah, they're really good. Okay. Well, let's see how good they are. I will come out and say that, I'm not arrogant, but, you know, it's also, hey, if this is somebody who's really good, wow, I just gained somebody that I can send more guys to. You know, and I think that's, I believe that that is the best way to do it. We have an online portal for guys who are far away, who don't have access to a gym or a coach. So we'll set up that for our guys that has, you know, video librarian, they'll do my program. But that's pretty rare now because like we were talking about before, there's a lot of great people out there. So, and it helps me network as well. If I can meet someone in Russia that train guys well and, and, and can, it can help me, then perfect. And he's going to be added to my contact list and, you know, we'll grow it from there. And at the same time, if somebody comes back and they didn't do a good job, well, then, you know, it ultimately, it's my responsibility, you know, if a guy doesn't come back and shape from now on, it's on me. So, I'm going to be hard on those coaches in the offseason, not hard, but I'm going to be expecting information and communication throughout the summer for sure. I think you just have to be aware of it that it happens and, and you all, everybody knows the guys who are going to do that. We have a very tough team in my opinion. We have most of the guys in our roster confite and fight pretty well, and we have a couple heavy weights. You know, so for them, I'm worried about their hands. First and foremost, so we do a ton of grip strength. We got the, you know, the old school rice bucket. We've had grips on absolutely everything. We do a lot of rope work. We'll do heavy bag work for them. I got a little bit of background in that. So we'll hit the heavy bag. If we're on a home stretch upwards of two, three times a week, we'll do some three-minute rounds. We'll do a whole bunch of stuff. And it's more about helping them with technique on punching as opposed to just, you know, conditioning, although it's sneaky conditioning at the same time, and they know that. And they like it, you know, because they know they need to do it. You know, fortunately or unfortunately, whatever you believe. You know, so it's something again, that's a trust element for me. You know, I'm going to condition them because they're typically bigger guys. But at the same time, I'm helping them with something that's part of their game. You know, so I like to say, grip work, shoulder stability and strength is obviously a big one. Hockey is a high occurrence of AC joint sprains and clavicles and all sorts of stuff because of the body checking. So we'll do a lot of shoulder stability work, which is, you know, carries overhead carries. I do a lot of bamboo bench with our guys in season because hockey typically not great ventures because of the shoulders in the contact. So we'll do a really a wide variety of that type of stuff, upper back work is huge. They got a lot of T-spline issues because of that hunched over position. So I think we try to keep them healthy with, you know, our pre-hab stuff and then our strength stuff when we can. And then the conditioning element is big, you know, so we'll do. I try to stay away from the bike rides just because again with the hip issues. So we do a lot of assault bikes. We do a lot of sprens on the curve treadmills, stuff like that. And then the boxing and skipping is huge. Well, I was saying to my training partner on the way here, like this is like my Disney land, you know, this is Dave is the guy that I first started following. You know, those training logs and the website when it was up I was in university at the time and it was just like, you know, it's it's guys like that who are humble and who admit mistakes and who aren't saying that they know it all. They just say, here's my experience and those are the typically who are the guys that I follow like different goes another one. Caldeeds in Minnesota is I think absolutely brilliant and humble and wherever we visit Minnesota I go spend some time with Cal. I love his programming. I love the way that I guess if you could put in in a category probably more under his his stuff just because I feel it's so adaptable to our schedule. You know, and I can really when I get a guy with a high training age or a really low one it still applies, you know, I can still mess with the eccentric concentric or eccentric isometric concentric. I think there's always I think it applies really well to sport. Mike Boyle again a guy that's humble. I was just in Boston spent some time with Mike. You know, I know there's that that's a pretty wide array of guys, but that's how I feel because I feel like I can, you know, when I meet an athlete it's, you know, where do they fit in that? What do I need to help these athletes with and I draw on those different influences for, you know, for the training and putting the program together. I don't want to be put into a specific category. Like I don't deal with a lot of power lifting and stuff like that. It's just not. Those aren't typically the people that come to me. However, you know, I can't let them as a colleague of mine and from my area at home and I've learned a ton from him. And, you know, so I think I'm a, I'm a lifelong learner. I'm always looking for, you know, new guys to follow and new ideas, but at the same time, like we just talked about this is like the old school. It's hard. It's boring, but it works. And if you can kind of stick with it and do it, I think that's, you know, that's the ultimate, that's the ultimate goal. The flashy stuff comes and goes and yeah, there's some new stuff that I like, but to be honest it's not not a whole lot has changed for me. It's it's hard. It's boring and you try to make it fun and. And I think two of the challenge for me is I've been fortunate now to have athletes who've been with me for eight, nine, ten years and they're still growing and they're still achieving, you know, every year, year after year. So it tells me that the way that I'm approaching it is is the right way. Because I feel like it's always evolving. You know, what can we do differently, you know, and a boy will says it all the time, you, he's like, I wouldn't want to show you what I was doing ten years ago. And I feel the same way, although I'm doing some of the same stuff, but it's it evolves. And if you're not up to learning that and there's a lot of young guys now in my field more in the hockey Kevin yield, air, the Kressy who are just, I think are just off the charts of the ideas that they're coming with. And because they're seeing a lot of what I'm seeing these younger athletes who are, you know, doing their sport 12 months a year. And there's a lot of early specialization and they're coming in with jacked up tea spines and hips out of whack and it's like, you can't sometimes fix that with a bar on your back. You have to get creative and yes, you can eventually get back to the bar. But I think you have to be more open to, okay, let's fix it with some movement first. And I mean, there's a lot of fluffy stuff. Don't get me wrong, but I think if you can navigate through that with some of the names that I mentioned, it's probably going to be a good spot.