If weights get stuck on the floor, it's usually not a factor of technique. Techniques usually more a factor once the bar gets moving a little bit, that's usually a more a factor of... This question is from E-Clip Show, and I excuse me as I'm looking at my notes over here because it was a very specific question. So I'm going to point out some of the specifics within the question. He's 65350. He just switched to Sumo about 15 months ago. He's been making gains pulling Sumo, but they're inconsistent, and he's wondering... He's actually wondering a few things. He's wondering if... Reading between the lines if he really should be pulling Sumo or conventional based upon his leverages, and he's wondering if the inconsistency is because the technique or some type of weak points. This is kind of one of those cases where video would be extremely helpful because you can be 65350 and have very, very big torso, or you can be 65350 and be really lean. So I don't know. I don't know the torso length or the femur length, but going off what I know, and that is... you switched from conventional as Sumo and you're making gains. Tell me that you... And I don't know how much the lift is. I mean, that's another factor as well. But you're making gains. So as long as you're moving forward and you're getting stronger, you're moving in the right direction. I really can't think of any lift or off the top of my head who, as they grew through weight classes, stayed with the same style of dead lifting. Based upon my torso size, which kind of fell in line with what weight class I was competing in in, and I competed in weight classes, keeping my night started when I was really young. From 181 all the way up to 308. Sometimes Sumo was the way to go, sometimes conventional was the way to go. The one thing that I found is when my torso became in the way, and that's the best way I know how to explain it. When I was going to sit down and grab the bar, I felt like I was sitting on my stomach. When it became in the way, is when my conventional seemed to always be the best bat. For me, in the leverages that I have, being 5, 5, 11. When it was no longer in the way where I was leaner, then Sumo was always the way to go because my legs were in quad's or stronger than my back for a very long time. So as long as you're making gains, that's where you want to stay. So what we're going to do is we're going to attack this inconsistency thing and try to see if I can help you with that. Because you mentioned it either moves or it gets stuck on the floor. I found if weights get stuck on the floor, it's usually not a factor of technique. Techniques usually are more a factor once the bar gets moving a little bit. That's usually a more a factor of you're just worn out. You're pulling too much, you know, whatever you did the day is proceeding, kind of drain you the last deadlift session, it was probably too much. So you're tired. That's kind of what happens. There are sometimes it can be technique. But usually not because I'm sure you've done this. I've done it almost everybody's done it. If you go up and you try to pull a bar and the fuckers glue to the floor, you end up getting pissed off about it and you go up and you try to get. And then you end up missing it again and you try to change something. It just stays there. It just doesn't go anywhere. So it's not really, I don't think it's really a weak point area. I think it's more overall programming problem. With that, I can sit here and tell you, you know, try to do deficit deadlifts and all this other kind of stuff. But I really don't think that's the issue and it would just be bullshitting you to try to make myself sound smarter than what I really am. You know, I think it's an overall programming thing to where maybe you're pulling too much. What I can suggest you try to do because 15 months really isn't a long time for a technical change. Some people will tell you that it's more than enough time with my experience. It's really not. It depends on how you train. So if you're only, if you're using a linear model or progressive over low model, block model or several other models, you just don't have enough volume in there to be able to reinforce any technical changes. So one thing that I can probably recommend with almost certainty if you started adding some speed poles with about 50% after your squat training and a sumo stance for 8 to 12 singles. So the weights really not enough is going to give you any kind of lower back pump. It's not going to be hard, but it's not going to be super hard. On a scale of one to 10 it's going to be like a five or six. But what that's going to do is it's going to give you 8 to 9, 10. If you work up to 12 you can go that high. 12 opportunities to work your set up into work your technique with that sumo deadlift without really tapping into your energy and your recovery stores that much. So with that in mind that's probably 12 more reps or 12, 48 more reps per month, then we already did a lifting now. So let's just say it's going to double if not triple the number of repetitions that you're doing per month right now over the 50% range, which is going to help kind of reinforce that technique. And it's also going to help you to determine if it really is a weak point or if it is a technical point because even at the 50% if you have some reps that feel like you're just tearing that shit off the floor and other ones that feel like you got to grind them up then you're going to know it's a technical thing. So that's what I was suggest to go that route to kind of dig a little bit deeper into what's going on here and get a little bit more diagnostic and a little more I guess you would call analytics to be able to really see if the shit is going on.