There's a lot of crossover that we're safe at the yoke. Super yoke. Yes. One of my guys out here discovered and I've had a super yoke which is basically been nothing more than a billboard for us. But he picked it up and it's heavy. You know, just without anything, it's heavy. So he picked it up and thought about it is like, you know, if I do this, I don't have to do shit for my abs, I'm doing. I just walk with it down and back his walk out got better, you know, his paper for them, he uses monolith. You know, so his pick got way better, you know, all the stuff got way better. He figured out where the threshold was. He found out where too much was and then down it back down and then just does his walk. Once every couple weeks he's figured out where his minimum is, you know, which that's power lifting is you gotta find the minimum effective dose, especially the higher you are. It's more pulling people back than it is pushing them forward. Absolutely. It's so backwards to how people think. Absolutely. You know, where the beginners need to kick in the ass and to do more work, 100% where the strongest, you know, the stronger needs like, well, dude, that's it. You're done. That's how you mean. Right. You know, so, but they even with them, they got to kind of push it at least the I always did and the people that I work with seem to do the same thing. So I don't know. They push it and they find out where that edge is. They would have been great if they didn't, you know, then they back it down off that edge and they know, okay, there's I just don't want to fall off the edge. I did. You know, then I will say the yolk like the super yolk like for those you don't know where you're talking about like stickling your back and you walk, right? Like it doesn't look like it'd be hard at all, but it is brutal. I will say like, you know, if you do like a stupid high rep set of dead lifts, where like you're like, I'm trying to prove something and then like you have the flu for like the next day, the yolk is worse than that. Like it is the number one drain. Right? So you need to be super careful with it. But I will say as far as like you know how to like, there's a tolerance to lifting heavy things, especially when you're back. Like if you haven't had 500 pounds in your back for a long time, you put 500 pounds in your back and it feels like a truck. Like you lose it like your tolerance is gone, right? A yolk is a great thing to throw like 800 pounds in your back. Walk around for a little bit. 500 pounds feels like nothing, right? Like there's like a super max mole type of effect that carries over a decent amount of time. Because the time when I didn't have very much training time at all, and I would do my yolk walks on Sunday night, uh, complete backwards. But I do yolk walks Sunday night late, super heavy. And then Monday morning, I would do squats and I was hitting PRs like crazy. Even though we're talking about hours later and I should be rundown, I was hitting PRs like crazy just because my body was like 600 pounds doesn't mean anything when you just had like 900 pounds in your back. You know? Like there might not be a whole lot of scientific study behind your anything, but there's a whole lot of, well, I can make the argument that your body really isn't entering the super compensated. It's really not broken down. Sure, sure. It is broken down, but it hasn't really started the recovery phase. Absolutely. Yeah, even though you did sleep, or I could also make the argument and wasn't enough work that you recovered absolutely throughout the night sleeping. So there's always, you know, that the science is great. I'm never going to be one to bash the science guy, I read every one of the science review journals out there. And it's their great thing. I'm glad that, you know, they're being published. Yeah. There's, I out of all of them, I guess I'll give props to, you know, Greg Knuckles in his crew, with mass. Because that's, they always seem to hit really good topics. Some of the other ones just kind of like throw shit against the wall and I say, oh man, what's, you know, what's it for? For information say. Yeah. And for me, I'm reading that stuff more because I love it. Yeah. You know, and it's a hobby. It's not going to help me and business in any way whatsoever. It's just, wow, this is fascinating. Yeah, it's fascinating. Yeah, you know, it's what I want to school for. It's, you know, I can get pulled down a rabbit hole. And that's why I have these because I print them, then I read them in paper form. So I can't get sucked down in an rabbit hole. Yeah. Well, where, you know, they're, they're, they're summarized in the research. I can go find the research, read the research. So then the next thing, you know, half my day is gone because I went back to who I used to be 30 years ago when I was really into all that shit. Yep. So I got stacks in the office. You'll soon just fucking print it out, shit, all over the place of that kind of stuff. But it's, it's fun, but you can't go directly on that because everybody's so different. Now there are things that are just common training laws. Absolutely. There's principles. Yeah, there's principles that just are always going to be what they're going to be. And yet there's still some outliers every once in a while. And sometimes always like, well, what about, and you're like, dude, you're not that cone. Sorry, like you're not like, I get that a lot. Like people saying, like, well, what about this guy? I'm like, you're not him. Yeah, you're not doing what he's doing. Like leverages matter. Yes. A lot. You know, some sports. Oh, a lot. You know, it's like, wow, look at this dude. I'm like, say it's a huge dead lifter. Yeah. Like, well, you know, if you really want to learn from that person, see what they bench. Yeah. Because you take somebody to the sky over a 900 pound pole of the times there are some grill arms. Yeah. And if they got a 550 plus bench, learn how they benched. Yeah. Because that's fucking impressive. Yeah. That's absolutely way impressive. You'll learn more about the bench from them. They will the guy that's built to bench, whereas you take the guy with the stubby arms. He's got a big pole. Yes. All right. You're going to learn more about how to delet from them. I mean, you will the guy that pulls with super long arms. Yes. You know, so it's kind of learning our reverse. I can't find a man. Does that on my hands? Strong like a tree. There's roots where I stand. Oh, I've been running from the law.