Okay, first of all, I appreciate everybody being here. I like to take the time to thank you all for coming out. I like to thank Dave Tate and all the staff who have been coming to help me to give me the opportunity to be here today. Dave said, this is my 35th year of doing this. My first job is as high as the University of Pittsburgh by then head coach Jackie Shawmay 12,000 dollars a year. I had no assistance. I had to do everything myself, which was going in and backing the carpet, cleaning the machines, cleaning the airs on a daily basis. Plus, here's possible for training over 100 athletes. Here's a problem that this comes right now. Take dollars. Not many people are going to have a small store, you have your apple phone, apple store, and please excuse me, because I will drop a few apple homes. This fucking crowded. So much for take dollars. You've got all these people here in problems. What is technology done? I could solve all the functional movement screen problems in this country right now. Go at it. Get rid of the computer, get rid of video games, let kids go outside and play again. Let the body solve complex, motor problems in the chaotic environment, let the brains figure things out. The brain learns by getting things wrong. How many of you have been in here are new parents? Stop building the kids. You're getting a bad seat and he can't clip the fucking seat belt. Go to our minds and say, here, let money that he helped you. Let him figure it out. That's how the brain learns. And you'll begin to understand the primal brain with design for one thing, problem solving and movement. That's all it's designed for. So get rid of functional movements, strange. We're in all these different screens out here that people are charging you, and don't run into them on some money to be certified in and let kids go back to play. I've always said that worst thing in the world is a computer. It's ruined the work habits of America and the work habits of this country. Anyway, let me get back to where I was. It's an honor to be here and I will ran rain every once in a while and worse than day day and a half. It's good to see a lot of people having to see a long time. I go to the front, Kevin Yacht, so that's here. I'll tell you how screwed up this profession is and we all love. So very much, Kevin Yacht's an hour in Baltimore, the most bizarre interview process is in the world back in early, I believe it was an eight-step early night, early 90s with a Miami belt. They flew like self, Kevin Yacht's an interviewer of Minnesota, Gary Wayne, who was a strength coach of twilight, the bike won't buy you no more than one more time. Down to Miami on the same day. Not different, I've done it every other day and it flows all in the same day. The track is in the same rule all four of us. It all four of us just now have to look at each other. Why are we here? And then we go in an interview with Don Shula and come out and that was got to job. The game, the John Gamble, and Virginia, I think, even interviewed, Greg, and John, and that, not even interviewed. But this house screwed up, this profession is. Now, let me begin by my first slide. I have to put this up because I'm criticized so much for my desk. So, I looked at one of the most enchilting men in the world, said about his desk. And trust me, my desk makes his desk look clean. This is my life right here. If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mine, of what then is an empty desk design? You guys are real organized and I go in your office and there's nothing on the desk you make you very nervous. You have too much time on your hand. I've got post-to-nose all over my desk. I'm not going to call my wife. There's post-to-nose in the bandero. Now, the thing is to do today, not my honey-duelist. The first stage is there by training. But what needs to be accomplished is to process the training. And trust me, I take an hour out of my day every day to read. You're never too smart to learn. In fact, the best advice I give young coaches right now is learn how to coach. Don't worry about writing programs. That will come. Learn to coach your athletes. If you're in a performance into two, you're in a private sector. Things change when you got to deal with 40 and 50 people one time in a team set. That's a whole completely different story because you better be very dynamic and very flexible. This is why my desk looks like it does because I really don't have enough time to keep the clean because I'm on the floor. Even at my age, and I'll be 58 this year, I never leave my floor and at the end of the day, I'm gas. And the reason I'm gas is I spend all my energy on my athletes every day. I do something a little different. It's all I can make in God's image, but thank the people that have influenced my life and helped me learn what I've learned. And I'm continuing to learn. Like I've always said, the more I learned, the more I realized, I don't know anything. The more I got it to keep learning. In 1997, I had an epiphany. I don't even remember how I did it. I believe it was my system or costume when I met about a year or so before 1997 for a second time. Don't touch your day to day. And somehow, we convinced day to bring Louis to the University of Pittsburgh. I figured out 1997 and what we were doing in this country was not right. The problem is we suffer from adgeneric biology. The only teachers what they want us to know, and it's not a lot. Strength training did not originate to University of Nebraska. Strength training has been around for years. The development of athletes has been around for years. I took a tour of Rome this past year for two years. So, Rome is the Arizona Cardinals. I'm very blessed to be here. I saw the very first Olympic state. I saw where everything took place. It believed me. It was in the second century. You see it whenever it was in the 1980s. So, Louis came, oh, Mark. Here we go. Like I said, this is a problem of technology. Louis came to our facility. And for four hours, he ripped me into a new ass. Oh boy. Now, at that time, I had two choices. I could say, he doesn't always talk about his parliament. My guys don't power them. Or if you look at myself and say, you know what? You don't have any. So, when I'm looking at myself and say, you know what? You don't have any. Things are constantly changing. Things are constantly evolving. A bot doctors at sorts can have more signs of practice than training. Very first book I read. I went to visit Dr. Z three times. He was at Penn State in the Upson unhappy valley nowadays. As a university of Pittsburgh. The entire time that man has been at Penn State now one time. As an extreme in conditioning culture, coach of physical preparation, which I'd refer to as, has walked into that guy's office and asked him a question. You've got to be kidding. The amazing thing after those four hours is after giving me myself a new asshole, his big take goes to me. Don't worry, he likes you. Oh boy, what would it be like if he didn't like me? So for the next couple of years, I went back and forth to West Side Barbell to learn from some of the strongest people in the world. One of the best things I've bought being an Arizona and there's a lot of guys up here and I'm going to try and find his name. I can't. Is a guy there and is, this guy right here, damn path. Why do people know who damn path is? One of the greatest lines I've ever met in the dollar of power speed athlete. He's right online with this guy who I'd opportunity for the late great Charlie Francis by an opportunity to offer relationship with a call periodically. Damn path has taught me more than past year. I've learned to allow him to power speed in an athlete than anybody has in my entire life. I know what was there and I'm told him may just get in with the guy. What's great about Dan is now he's allowed me in fact get a dad took Mark Ulygamy who is a strength coach of San Francisco 49 where a joke can't form resistance becomes a business every year. Dan allowed me to take him over to think Dan said to me the time he said buddy, stop asking me questions. Go start talking to my athletes. To me that means he had opened up his life and his athletes to allow me to interrupt and ask the questions. Be the valuable, valuable source. You guys are killing me. I've information. Also you'll see Dan here all my assistance and interns. One thing I will say is I always hire people that are smarter than me. I don't want to bunch of many measons around. I don't want people to regard to taking everything I say. I don't want people to look at five would a troll walk around and wait around. I don't want meas. I want somebody that can make me better more intelligent and every assistant I've had I stole this guy off of you, Joe. Thank you. I stole a lot of shit off of you, Joe. I stole a lot of shit off of you too. As all of these guys have been smarter than me. I just told this guy right back off of Mr. to be state. Anthony Paroli who was one of my original interns. Thank you to our Supreme for 2007. Here's all this one. I call it Dan Mollon just for professional courtesy. I said coach I'm going to take Amistu Anthony Paroli off of him off of position. I'm a physical preparation staff at the area in the U.V. and the U.V. and the Arizona Cardinal. He said great choice. He knows great guy. He had a great job for me. He would have loved my son. I know I had a 2007. I found taking him back. Here's my fair part of the story. I call it brick court. He's a strength coach for Mississippi State. Now here's our inspection by somebody. I said Rick, buddy wars and other cards. Buddy high, new one. Big State plus. Treat. I said Rick here's a bottom line. I'm still an Anthony prolly back off you. Here's a response. There was no delay a response but here's our respect. You motherfucker. I like Rick. That is the best answer anybody could ever give me. It is the time of world. But what I just told him, the head says no, the summy, how good Anthony was. But all these people have influenced me or I still call and have been contributors to where my program has come. No can said that. We are in a process. We are in a society where people regard the change with everybody else says. I want somebody to regard to take this one. I don't go to mark. There it is. I want somebody to regard to take this. That's not my own mouth. This is from Dan Osso, the wrote book, energy mess and therapeutic healing. Mr. Osso was actually a professor at University of Pittsburgh. And I had the chance to meet him. He signed my book, gave it to me. And after talking to him, I just went home and this like Robert Plane, who wrote the words, this is their way to happen. He let his ability to say, this just came to me. This just came to me. Human bodies, nothing more than the air, climate matrix systems, communicate with them amongst itself all day long. So that's probably charged molecules. You're nothing but an ever-avoling, fluctuating organism. The self-regning supercom saying or nothing more than bilectic, field, is how I've been on one thing. What's that one thing? Sir, that's a whole bunch of adaptation. We live in a world where information changes rapidly. Information is delivered and disseminated to society at an alarming rate. The problem is, is down the internet. The internet makes it seem like nothing ever happens before 1990. We're just a bunch of guys walking around and our heads chopped up. Just guessing there are no books. Nobody talked anybody. There are no research read. Nothing happens when the internet came on a site. The problem is, this is created the illusion of the expert. But what I call the guru on the mountain. And let's you know what you're looking for to many people buy into what the guru on the mountain says. He's read a couple lines. Now I was done. He's an expert. It's amazing how the less they know, the more strongly opinionated they are. This in years and years of research from this gentleman, this just came to me one night. And this made me realize the importance of how we need to understand the role of adaptation and how to even buy your sponsor. The external stimuli for training stressors that we put on it. As I'll bring up to you in a couple minutes here, we are really not coaches of physical preparation. We are stress managers. How do you manage the stressors that are opposed upon your athlete? We are stress managers. We are in eight problem solvers. Problems sports to turn it out, solve a motor test. We don't give the human body enough credit. We really don't. The human body is not stupid. The human body has this unbelievable ability to figure things out. In fact, when you look at all these different screens, it doesn't take you to a kind of anatomically and as a chromatically, we are all different. So there's going to be variations in everybody's movement patterns. If I give everybody the same complex motor test, this room to solve, we're not all going to solve the same argument. We're going to solve the basom as most efficient for our body. When my daughter was going to be a nurse, I told her two things you've got to understand. That skeleton and hangs in the corner of the doctor's office. That's the perfect skeleton. That's not everybody. Everybody's uniquely built differently. Everybody structurally is differently. The second thing I made her do is I made her read the book Distress of Life by Hans Sully, the Canadian et cetera, all just going to turn on stress. That's the American Redouble. It's precursor to a math visit. That's not an above. Man, one thing is, now I don't like, I'm like, she's, huh? It's going to give me something here to hold on to it. But it's a book that I think everybody needs to read to understand how the body adapts to stress and how uniquely each individual and an adult stressors. In 2002, time I zipped you as my assistant, and I declared the rounds for Spawn the other and I felt you in the Bothian Megawaii. It was the Megawaii which I'll get into the Megawaii. A lot of us to do was assess on each individual I have. He was dealing or commenting his stress and they were opposed upon by the game, and the sport he actually gets self in our training. If we all did the same work out in this room, we were saying, hey, not put everybody in the Megawaii, we don't have a different response. We don't all respond the same. And that's the button. The greatest thing about human body is that everybody is structurally from an organ as a standpoint different. We don't all respond the same to the same training methods. And that's why everybody, I was like, I'm no longer playing A-Gah, I'm a playing B-Gah. Things don't go up or in the playing. They never have, they never will. You'll believe me as a guy who had a program for DNA. Something appropriate motor patterns sequence of movements raised in time and space. One common space, one common amount of nowty amongst all athletes is what? Movement. You got to be able to move. I'll care how strong you are. Let your kids zero as I'm strong as you see in the world. These ones back, isn't it? There have to be a balance in everything we do. Not one biomotor task predomates or dominates over the other ones. But if it was all about strength, trust me. I can go to a certain West Side, I'm gonna be it. But it's not. There may be a different amount of biomotor goes good to develop and are athletes out that achieve on more performance levels. As I said before, all movement begins in the brain. If you really want to get the brains attention, slow things down, work better yet, create awareness. Awareness creates cognition. Confucian creates motor learning. You'd be surprised what happens when you make somebody aware of something and slow things down and allow the brain to figure things out. There's a guy named Hesfeldencrest, fresh dance, no longer around. But if you research and do some great things, a little bit of a path. One of the ways we ingrain in our ad-bombed categorical case of sprinting is we have my own ground. We have to run, we have to run, we have to run. We don't. What happens when you land a ground? We're gonna tell you the last. The body doesn't have to seek stability. What are you gonna do? Fall? Show it out of the ground. But to decrease the freedom of motion, or freedom of movement, open up the shenanigans. So the way we do it, just start getting the brains of tension, because people are especially in people, which Carson Palmer's going through now, when an ACL injury is we just have a land of ground and very slowly cast smash, step toe over me. Now, understand this. When we teach the cast smash, step toe over me, the difference between a leach friend and a beginner, intermediate friend, is first of all, nobody lands under center of mass. I don't know about it. The difference is the elite's criminal under the only land, six to eight inches in front of center of mass. The intermediate or beginning's federal land, eight to twelve inches. That's the significant difference. So we teach the cast smash, step toe over me. We teach the heel strike to be on the toes of the ground support leg. When they get very good at that, we now start placing them against the wall. They push away from the wall. So now they start to feel pressure, attention on the ground support leg, and they perform the cast smash, step toe over me. Then we stand them up and do it. Then we move into our basic, hollow speed drills. We always maintain those and it's always programs into our active diatic warma that laying down the ground and cast smash, step toe over me. That has always held within. So it is retained somewhere within our program. Here's our mission statement, and here's our priorals for our athlete. It is our job as physical preparation coaches to help our athletes and achieve the highest level of physical performance using methods and means, what I say means and to exercise, the heels of high-possed results is my lowest cost. High-roar low cost is the wingweight every time it's not. I am famous for not Olympic whip. Shoot. If you want to live big waves, Olympic whip, that's your decision as a coach. Don't let me influence it. I'm just telling you what I've done and it's worked for me. I don't feel comfortable teaching Olympic whip because then we where I go, I see as a back-be stand-to-end of a reverse curl. Everybody put straps around and makes me look worse. Charlie Francis told me a long time ago, if he don't look right, it doesn't fly right. There's many ways to achieve chuproastice, extension, James Smith said it best. Many roles being the role, I had a role or thing that, nothing is set and so on. And even the stuff that is set, so the time commandments, we break them every day. The problem is it's done better than into your brain because people say this is the only way to achieve an end result. No, it's not. There's many ways to achieve an end result. Can you think outside the box or are you that planning to follow everybody else off the cliff? Because you don't want to get out of status quo. You don't want to question status quo. I'm not here to tell you how to train. I'm just here to show you a system of the ball that we're 35 years of doing this that worked for me and don't get me wrong now. I'm made mistakes. I'll be the first to tell you, I'm made mistakes. When I first learned West side method, I made mistakes and trying to match them. I got used to the three weeks that I wrote. Chillin'. By the way, my brain is a T-test third week. We're getting part of the press. You think it's a good idea to have a third week, I don't only go two weeks. Then I figured out, you know what? Not every position on a team has to match them. As you get closer to the ball, you're more straight down by the ball. Before you go away from the ball, the less straight down and the more feet not. That means my speed guys and guys throw away from the ball, don't let them. I'm not even saying it. Does that mean my guys are punches that we're not, I didn't say that. The volume of work in each specific area is rather specific to the position that they play. I never could understand why you're trying to defense the back, like an offensive line. That's a cookie cutter program. Doesn't take a genius trying to cookie cutter program. It doesn't take a genius to say this. I'm old school. No old schoolers. It could be a lazy and not one to learn. There's too many people. There's somebody in this room that I'll just stick around because I want to hear how speak. I don't want to be a guru on a mountain. I've got enough issues on my eyes. I don't want people across the country called me with their history. So I don't want to be that guru on a mountain. Everybody comes down to them because they're like, those are doing a lot. That's not me. So what I need to do with that. All those are going to do as coach my athletes. As a staff, we could have spent a considerable amount of time. Spend reading a research and goes for the race, trying to run. I'm doing my entire staff. I have a two-time Olympic goal medalist on my staff and I'm going to kick them. And if I'm a world recorder, I'm going to have to be trolled. We can take one hour down. I don't have to be turn around and you're going to research. That's all we do with research and reading. That's a requirement if you're going work for me. You must research. You must present something to all of us as a staff. Because I think it's a good thing that's better. I don't have a philosophy. This is trying to bring us, when you build it in every hand code, so that'll own it. What's your philosophy? Philosophy is for philosophers. I have a system that has evolved over 35 years and that's system. It's constantly evolving and constantly expanding and constantly ongoing. The more I learn. I'm telling you, somebody in this room today is going to tell me something I didn't know that I could apply. The dear user that's working, you're at the developing apply to my guides and my environment, my circumstances. Here's the goal of training. Number one, increase the biological output for the organism. Improve the working ability of all the body systems in the role. No system in the human body works independent of the other systems. The one thing you learn to read and concept is books to stress life is we really don't die from natural causes. We die from a system not being able to become a system that's shut down or not continue to work. How did you read the book, the brain that heals itself? Remember in that book, I talked about a call for a professor that had a stroke and went back to teaching college math at a high level. When I started his rehab, it started in calling again. That doesn't mean I'm able to teach my athletes across like somebody's experts in the Google and Mountain Television. I heard like, well, formerly in the hard after the joke. Chrome running around, I was going to teach him a crawl. He talks about the tongue and crawl and he was moving against the wall. He went through the process of the entire developmental states, stages. We all go through it, the same developmental human beings. The rate at which we achieve each of those stages is high-spacetic to the individual. Long as sure the story is, the guy went back to teaching high level math, back to college. When he died and he did his autopsy, he had a three-centering lead lead on his brain from the stroke. But the other part of the brain over time made up for what the damage part can no longer do. It's amazing what the human body can do. Everybody in the room talks about recovery. They're not. I can't recover or store my athletes. What's the latest greatest methods I can use to recover my athletes. So I can have them a chain at a very high and test level next day. The best recovery method is filled into your body already. Sleep. Bingo. How hard is that? Are you going to have the pain thing for? I tell my guys that can't be, I'm here. Who are my reason to can't be here to gelat? The one-on-one thing we can tell are athletes to take is, what? Sleep. How do we teach them to sleep at? It's in your system. You don't have to pay for it. But here's the problem. It's not sexy. It's too simple. The basics are the basics for a reason. Because they work. Everybody wants sexy. Everybody wants to eat a baby. Everybody wants to kind of dance. Everybody wants to do latest greatest, top secret. I love that word, top secret. Let me tell you something. The more the one person knows about it, the easier. It's that simple. The second is to increase the force of power out for the competitive exercise activity of your movement. How you choose to do that is specific to you to coach. I can prove that I'm going to do jumps. If you look at a modern and ball-enreactive nation chart, that ball's plyout jumps, mats and wifters, sprints are no different than you want to do gliss. What's easier to teach? We're not going to get the most bang from my buck out. The special guys have been a leader. I'll be up. We run a true speed program at the years of the cart. Why say speed? Football is a game of repeating accelerations. There's no 300 yards of settlement football. You're kidding me. We're not a lactic state as a lactic. 07 seconds of Charlie Francis 1 said, it's all free energy. Do you get a stand that envelope and damn bad was going? Top to nine seconds. Why don't you hear it or shut up? That's not your foundation work. Please stop using that word, too. It's not foundation. It's not a bi-line-in-jane demand of sport. There is no top secret, double probation, mythical magical exercise program out there. Here's a secret. There's no secret. The Soviets are not with only classified exercises that produce superior results. So, it's not going there. The Berkeley CSB said it bad back in 1988. There are new exercises. How many people know who the bark is? Three is hammer throw, chain of a doctor, bonnet shot, great block. Mark is pretty smart, dude. Very smart, dude. He talks about anybody who's never read bonnet shots transfer training on a bonnet shot. If you talk to somebody else, the city of top to raise your size. General, top to raise your size. Compatible, mag, exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise. Exercise, and then talk to somebody to compare to the exercise itself. One of the competitors, or one of the best light development exercise that bonnet shots hammer throw is to do, is they just take a plate and they stand and rotate. They use up to a hundred-pound plate. Now, here's what the guru run amongst us. For the air to do, remember, the competitive development exercise is to produce the limit that compare the exercise in amplitude and dynamic ability. Is it not? Let's have a certain stability ball for greater core activation. Come on, people. You just moved them further away from the competitive exercise. Why you doing it? But that's what the guru run among the mouse says. Don't put on a text to the building all. You don't see circus act. You don't see the leaptic to the world. Don't circus act. Sometimes you think you're saying bonnet, you just put that. Or people come refer to it as a speed lab. None. You don't see a single and a fastest people in the world. Listen, you're going to hear 60 different people speak to them. We all have our own systems. We all have our own way of doing things. What you need to understand is between all of us, there's common denominators. Look for the common denominators of what people do. Great coaches don't always mimic each other. Greatest athletes in the world have achieved those levels by doing different things. But there's common denominators. There's a lot of mechanical physics and lots of intrusions in the air too. And every sporting activity. Besides tracking field coaches, how often do you ever see a seminar on a general sprint training or speed training or acceleration training? I said, actually it's slide two. Here's what I go by. And here's what I ask you to go by any time you're in a presentation situation.