Hey, this is Dave Tate with the table talk, but not really table talk, but kind of a table talk for now. What I wanted to do was to take a minute and talk about things that you can do, training wise that's a little bit above just a lot of the maintenance workouts that everybody's been doing. The maintenance workouts are great. Keep doing those. I'm not telling you to not do that, but I want to give you a few things that you can do to put with those maintenance workouts that are going to actually help you to progress forward instead of just maintaining. Without laying out a whole entire program, I'm just going to give you three different exercises that you can do, that you can progress on, that will have correspondence to dynamic correspondence or it's going to have a positive carry over to your main lifts. So the first one, I'm going to lay out, it's your basic push-up. Everybody's been doing a shit ton of push-ups. So with that, I'm going to lay all these out over four sessions. So these sessions can either be once a week for four weeks or it can be twice a week for two weeks. So it doesn't really matter because every one of these sessions are kind of what I would consider extra workouts that somebody would do. So if you're doing an extra workout and a normal programming standpoint, they could be as I just described once a week for four weeks or every other day or however you want to do it doesn't really matter. The key thing with these things are they're easy to recover from and they're going to help to advance and move you forward. So with the push-ups, and I got warm-ups sets that are you can do whatever you want for the warm-ups sets based upon where your own progression and your own strength is. So on session one, you're going to do one to three sets of five. Just working up, you're not really working up, you're just warming up. Then on the last set, just do a maximum number of repetitions you can do. That's it. Push-ups are done for that session. Next session you come back, for push-ups, you're going to do the same thing again. You're going to work up, you're going to do three or four sets of five as far as a warm-up. Then on the last set, you're going to use a band. And with the band, I want a strong, I want a heavy band. I want a strong band. I want the strongest band that you can use for five reps. So if you don't have one of our strong bands and you got three or four mini bands, use all the mini bands or use a light band or two light bands or an average band and a mini band. It doesn't matter. Just figure out what's hard for you to do for, let's say eight reps, ten reps, something like that. And if you don't have anything to be able to do that, just bring this tempo down. So five or six reps is going to be hard to do. There I want you to do five sets of five with whatever that band is. Don't change the band tension. If it's too hard to do, then press faster. If it's too easy, use a slower tempo. But I want the five sets of five. And then on the last set after that, so you got five worksets. Set after that, get rid of the band and just do set of pushups to failure again. The third session. One thing, you're going to warm up again and you're going to do the five sets of five again with either more band tension or the same band tension if it was really hard to do the time before. And then what you're going to do on this one is immediately after your last set of five with the band, you're going to throw the band off. And then you're going to do a max set to failure immediately after. And then the fourth session, it's going to be, I call it an open chain. So instead of doing the pushups on the floor, you're going to lean against the wall and brace your shoulder blades against the wall and then just push the band outward. So your hands are not connected to the floor. So it's more of an open chain. You're not going to have warm up reps on that because you're just going to go straight into the band and do five sets of five there with the same band that you were using on the last session. And then on the sixth set, do as many reps as you can. That would be for the pushups. Some things with doing pushups with bands that a lot of people screw up and forget, always cross the bands over. So you're going to make a figure eight of it, then throw it behind your back. That's going to keep the band from spreading out across your back, popping over your elbows and all the other stuff. You're going to make it easier to keep the tension where it needs to be. The second exercise is going to be good mornings. This is going to be a little easier than what I laid out for the pushups. With the good morning, it's just a first session. You're going to put the band, you're going to stand on the band, put the band around your traps. You don't want it directly on your neck. You're going to bring it lower. So it's still on your neck, obviously, but it's going to be more on the traps. Keeping it there, first session, you're going to do 30 reps. I don't care how you do it. I don't care if it's set to five, set to ten or set of 30. I don't care. You might get dizzy doing the set of 30, but I don't really care how it is. The second session, you're going to do 40 reps. The third session, you're going to do 60. Then the fourth session, you will do will do 80. So it's a very simple progression with that. The last exercise I have for you is just going to be a tricep band pushed down. I don't care how you attach the band, where you attach the band. It can be around a door. You can slip, not at over anything. There's a million ways to be able to attach a band from anything that's high up. Just don't put it on something that's going to break and fall in your head, obviously. Again, I'm going to have you start a little higher on the reps with this one. The second session, one, will be 60. Session two, will be 80. Session three, it will be 100. Then session four is going to be a little different because we're going to break it down and we're going to slow the tempo way down. On this one, you're only going to do three sets of five, but you're going to take ten seconds on the eccentric. I just couple seconds on the midpoint, where the contraction, and then ten seconds on the concentric. Roughly you're going to be looking at about 25 seconds, maybe 30 seconds for each repetition, that adds up over five repetitions. With that, you're going to do three sets of five. That's three exercises. You can actually progress on a little bit. These are exercises that I would actually put in somebody's training program to help bring up weak points that are associated with these things. It has an extra workout or at the end of a training session and so forth. They always have a correspondence to the lifts and I'm sure positive and no-for-effect. They're going to have a correspondence to what you're doing now. I know a lot of you guys are stuck and all you're doing is maintaining type things. That's fine if this whole quarantine thing was just two weeks or three weeks, but I think everybody's starting to realize now this could be, it could reach into two months, maybe even more. You need to start thinking a little bit about how you're going to make gains and how you're going to progress during this time off. Some won't be able to, and I'll make another video about that later, how to come back from long times off training. I wanted to put this one out there first, just to throw stuff out so people have something they can do immediately before I start talking about how to lay out a training program and then how to deal with being off for two, three months if need be and then how to come back from that. I hope you guys liked this. Let us know in the comments below if you want to see more of this. Make sure to subscribe and turn on the notifications on. We're trying to put more content out and you got to realize that with the content that we're putting out right now, we're doing a lot of vetting. If it's not getting in the hits and it's not getting in the views that our normal content has, we're not going to do it again. That's why we're not going to do the technique tear down. We're not going to do those anymore because you guys don't like them. If it's not something that you guys like, then I'd rather do things that you will. That's kind of what it is. It's not that we're not going to do things because we don't like doing it. I'll do whatever you guys want. The only way that we know that unfortunately is by the views and I suppose comments, but I don't read them, but Josh does. That will help too because if we get a lot of comments saying, look, we really like the technique tear down, keep doing it. Then I'll do it because if there's 50 or 100 people I would get a lot out of it, then it's worth our time to do. Then I don't have to directly go on the views because seriously, I don't really give a fuck about the views. I care more about people progressing off the content that we're putting out. Other than that guys, thank you and until next time.