Alright guys, we're with Casey Williams. He's gonna walk us through a little bit of 12 week programming before a meet. So, case, let's start at 12 weeks out from the meet and show me what kind of program you're doing for yourself right now. So, I'll break the max effort stuff down into two, six week waves. Okay. Easiest way. And I'll rotate within those certain exercises. I'll kind of just go my field with fields good that week or what I feel like setting up or whatever it would be. But they don't change too much. So it's pretty safe to say that we can kind of stick with, we'll go with a floor press, against chains. So, typically it'll be three chains per side. We'll go, and I typically don't rotate the bars if anything. I'll throw in a fat bar or something like that. But so this would be a competition bar. Yeah, almost exclusively. If I start running the shoulder problems, I will either rotate bars or I will just deal undecided week off. So, week one will be a floor press. I will go to bench against red minis. I'll go red minis plus three chains. What else do we throw in here? Typically we'll go with, I will go with light bands at that point. These are all doubled up. Here we will do a reverse average band. And then we will go where we have your three, six. I'll do this will kind of be like a d-load, dumbbell bench, 10 by 10. And that could be anywhere from, if it feels like hell, just 50 pounds or all the way up to 120, 130, you know, whatever for that day. So, when you were looking here at this chain weight and this band weight, if you were going to program that for someone, what does it that depending on the max, is it a certain percentage, is it by feel or how do you set that up? So even with, even with my training partners today, if they're going to hop in with me, I'm not going to change. I'm going to leave that max effort stuff pretty much the same. You don't want to get into, now we're not, you know, a guy that bench is 300, we're not going to throw him. Probably not going to throw him under the light bands or anything like that because he's going to end up benching a plane or a plane a quarter for max effort stuff. And I rather see him do, you know, just throw him and change at that point. As far as, in kind of getting into that two with the reverse average, that might be a little bit too much for some of our guys. But the guys that I have that, you know, what type of glue will split up? The guys that come with me are, they can all handle this. So the cutoff might be a 350 pound bench. If you're under that number, then yeah, maybe you need two chains on a floor press. Red meaning zero is fine. Maybe red meanings in one chain. Maybe cut these out. So are you hitting triples, double single? So yeah, we, 12 through six, these are going to be weeks one, weeks 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7. I'm going to try to work on some volume. So I will go by feel and the goal is to hit triples for all of these. The amount of triples will depend on, again, how well I've planned out my, you know, my progression that day. You know, my bite off more than I could chew on one set and I either got a back down or you know, something like that. But I have an idea of where I need to be from previous training cycles. So you know, I may try to hit like five triples here. And you know, maybe I'll start to back it down as I get heavier because obviously with a reverse average band, I'm going to hit, I'm going to have six, 650 pounds in my hand. So you know, you want to be prepared for that. So you don't want to hammer volume through all first six weeks. So maybe I'll go, I'll go three by three. And here I might just hit one big triple and then back to anywhere from five to three. Like I said, it's, it's hard to pin down because I'll do it by feel. And then on this day, again, one big triple. And then this is obviously 10 by 10. So it's looking like of all these weeks. You're going to have the most weight on the bar on the reverse average band day. Yes. And then you're going to be able to do it by the same tension. And then you're going to have the same tension to put it at the end right before the dumbbell bench. Do you do that intentionally? Yeah, because this, you know, you kind of want to, this is where you want to go all out. That's kind of the, you know, you're not, you don't want to start to plan for it. I mean, you got to get as much work as you can early on. But yeah, if all goes to plan, then this is going to be your, you know, your big day. You're real heavy day. Okay. And you have a second binge-jade during the week is this the only day during the day. Getting into like a speed work through a break speed down through 12 weeks cycle break down in four week waves. And this is something again that I talked to Dave about, talked to Dave and Steve. And the plan has kind of changed a little bit. So what I had set out was weeks 12 through 11 to 10 9. I'm going to do a quick math. I will go 185 pounds on the bar. That's for a 540 bench. And I will go against red minis again doubled. So that's week 12, week 11, same bar, same weight on the bar. And I'll go red minis plus one chain. Week 10 will be the same plus two chains. Week 9, same, same, three chains. So now if I'm, if I'm, our chains are about 15 pounds of piece. So 90 pounds here, red minis, I think anywhere from like, it's called 60 pounds. So 150 pounds to 35, 335 at the top. Then following that weeks, this is what I had planned out, which I don't know if I'm actually going to follow through with this part or not. What are you a week, 8 through 5? We'll be same. We'll do 185, same bar weight against light bands. Again doubled up. Following week, light a chain, chain, chain. So light bands, I think, are going to be about 80, 90 pounds. So we'll have 180 pounds of tension on the bar, 365 at the top. So we've had a 30 pound. So you've got your max effort work here on six week waves. And then you've got your speed work on four week waves that just fall in a different time than the max effort work. And if anything, if anything is, if I'm feeling beat up, cut it out. It's, I'm getting enough, the typical, come to get method. This is your volume, right? Well, I'm getting enough volume here that this isn't essential, like I said. I, and typically fast enough. So it's not, this isn't the, the speed isn't so much essential for me as it is, just getting a second bench day in. Okay. So that takes you out of the last four weeks, your speed training. How does the heavy work translate when you get past week six? So when we go through, say 5 the 1, weeks 5 the 1. So here I'll hit, everything's going to be singles for the most part. I may hit. So like let's say I hit 4, 425 for my last triple. I may go 405 or 425 for a triple and then try to hit 445 for a single or something like that. I won't get it ton of volume. So it won't be like 5 singles. It might be, you know, 3 singles. Kind of the same for everything else. I will work up to try to get about as heavy as I can. It's true max effort movement on those last, the last six weeks of the cycle. Again, this will be the reverse average band day singles, but that will be one big single. That's it. And that's the day I'm comfortable with missing. So this will be about two weeks from the day of the me. Yep. And I'll keep the dumbbell bench in there too as a deal of. But then again, it will be a lot lighter. It's not going to have 100 pound dumbbells in my hands or anything like that. Because it's one week from the me. And so this here, when you get here and this will be two weeks from the me, this will be the heavy, stay of your whole training cycle. How does that usually translate to what you expect to be able to do with the me to few. For instance, if you hit with a verse average band, a 600, what are you looking at for the me? I don't necessarily look at how much the bands take off and how it is. What I will do is look at what I bench the last time going into the meat before with a verse average band and calculator from there. So it might not be exactly if I hit 20 pounds more this time, it might not be 20 pounds, but I can bet it's going to be 10. So like I said, I'll get a better idea because through this first, these first six weeks, I don't want to miss. I want to get some volume in. I want to keep everything not easy, but you know, don't want to avoid grinders and bad position, bad technique. Going into the meat is where, again, it'll be the true max effort and I'm fine. You know, if I push it a little bit too much, you're making a bad, a bad jump and miss a rep, it's okay. It's the, you know, okay. So what are we looking at? You'll get this day a week out, which was just a kind of a deal. Right? The unbelt venting day. What do you do the last four weeks for your speed day? So the plan was kind of go back to what we did the first four weeks. I was thinking I would add maybe go to 205, 205, keep the red menies and go 1 chain, 2 chain and then skip this last week, again, to, you know, to get ready for the meat. In talking with Dave and Steve, I'm probably not going to do speed those, those last four weeks. I will definitely have a second bench day. It might just be a close grip to a board or, you know, something to just get some, some extra tricep working. I'll definitely keep all the assistance work, all the, the upper back. What do you expect to volume to look like on those days? High low. I mean, in relation to what you're doing on the other day. So, you know, if, if I do typical 8 by 3 speed work, I won't, I won't do over 24 reps. It will kind of be similar to that. It might be 3 sets of 8 or, or, you know, 3 sets of 5, something like that. All right. There you have, guys.