So the guy actually, the guy that I'm going to start it in power lifting was a bench only guy. He followed all the Louis stuff. So I went from the beginning, it was college, get jump right into it. I didn't understand it at that point and I made some really good gains, but it came to the point where he didn't understand it well enough and I was still too new and I didn't understand it. I kind of lost some traction and he was kind of towards the end of his career so he didn't really have a reason to change too much. All of his stuff was going to be pretty cut and dry as far as what he was going to do weekend a week out. So I got away from that. I had a bad meat. I got away from it. And I just did some high volume stuff, some volume and then peak and then things like that. And that worked for me for a couple of years, kind of plateaued again. So sorry to ask him around, talked a day, talked to Matt Winning, talked to some of the guys on the team. And Matt kind of steered me back toward college and it definitely, it's helped. I've hit PRs after hitting PR squats which can be tough things. Some guys will have trouble hitting their best. Like my deadlift, I can't hit my best deadlift after heavy squats. So I need to work on that. But as far as Ben and Che, I went back to college and get, and still feeling my way through it's a puzzle. As a 400 pound bencher, you can get a, well, as you get stronger, you can get away with fewer and fewer mistakes. You're putting yourself in harm's way, more often, even training at the same percentage as you're training at higher weights. So it's, again, you're, you're putting yourself in tough repositions. But the volume aspect, I can get away with higher volume on bench days, on upper days. I always seem to recover pretty well from that. So I've kept that. I'll always hit high dumbbell work, so it hit two sets of 20 and where I'm failing at the 20th rep almost every time. And that doesn't seem to hurt me too much. I'm still playing with what I need to do with my tricep work. Dave showed me a couple, I need to throw in some lying tricep extensions and need to throw in some quarter dips because my, my packs and my delts are taking over everything and I'm not getting the tricep development that I need for a bigger bench. So it's, that's come to light in the last couple, you know, in the last month or so. So figuring that out. It's the same as is upward back, middle back for a power lift. It's always not strong enough. It's never strong enough. I don't think you can have, I don't think your triceps can be too strong. So in that sense, yeah, I would say, even with that being said, it's probably my packs and my, my rear delts are overdeveloped compared to my triceps. And that's, I think that's holding me back at this point. I don't know, I always, I overhead press like through high school through college. I got away from it at the beginning of like five years ago when I first started powerlifting as a sport. So I probably got some of the early development that way. Just, you throw on a plate or two plates. You go overhead press it as much as you can. And that's, you know, that's how you train when you're younger and you're going to get stronger. Assuming that you're, you know, working hard and recovering. But as a, I haven't targeted those areas, at least on purpose. So I can't say that, I don't know why it's ended up that way. It probably genetics, I don't know. So first, Steve Bench, Dave and I actually had this conversation last weekend two weeks ago. And actually Steve Goggins brought it up too and Steve's not, you know, Steve's not a World Record Bench Presser but Steve knows how to bench and Steve knows how to program and do all the, do all the, I mean, he's a great coach, Mark's sort of short. So we, I agreed with both of them that I'm going to cut out speed bench the last four or five weeks of my training going into this cycle. I feel like I've always been fast so that's, I don't necessarily think I need speed, at least, you know, rather have myself recovered the last four or five weeks than, then get in the extra speed work. So in, in my speed work might even change before then it might be more of a rep day or, you know, don't even touch a barbell, just grabs and dumbbells and things like that. So like I said, still feeling, feeling that out, especially, I mean, it's interesting that you guys want to do this at this point because I kind of over, started overhaul everything, going into the meat, so. Yeah, so I still like the bench with just straight weight and no counting and resistance stuff like that, just to, I like getting back to just the competition style lift. So I'll do that for doubles or not, not real high reps, but I'll still do it the volume and so three, four or five sets of doubles at, you know, 80 to 90%. This far as max effort work, I'll still do, I won't necessarily rotate bars, but I'll definitely rotate extra size, I'll throw in four press against chains, I'll throw in, I'll bench against bands, bands, and chains. I mean, it's pretty, like I said, I don't get too crazy with the max effort stuff on benching. Earlier in the cycle, I will do a max effort, but I'll hit basically triples the whole, you know, if it's 12 weeks cycle, the first six weeks, I'll hit triples. I won't do a single max effort movement and then go into the last six weeks, that's why I started to do singles and try to push the weights a little bit. So it's almost like, I'm getting like I said, I'm getting a lot of volume in early and kind of tapering off towards the end of the cycle. Like every lifter starts, you lay down on your bench, right? You grab it and it's a simple movement, but it's, once you start to get stronger at it, it becomes a lot less simple and a lot more technical. Leg drive has been one of the big things, which I actually learned from chat aches when I came out to the learn to train. He tweaked my foot placement and changed a couple of things and that was the first I had bench 500. So, you know, it obviously has a pretty good effect, at least for my bench. In the last few months, I feel like I've gotten away from that. So that's one thing I'm trying to get back to is figuring out where exactly my feet need to be and where how to get the most out of my leg drive. As far as learning to bench, learn to use your back instead of, you know, doing a negative thing, you see a lot of people, they'll warm up, they get to an 80-90% and the bar, the bars feet on the East-centric slows down because they're thinking about it. They're using their, their packs, their delts, their triceps to slow that weight down. Instead of, you know, engage in the lats, trying to bend the bar in your hands and bring the bar down, using your back. It was one of the things I learned from that also, you only get so much time under tension. So why waste that on your East-centric? You're going to, you know, blow your load early on in the bench and you don't even get the, the press it. So, those were a couple of things. I think a lot of people, and I probably did it at some point and didn't recognize it, but a lot of people will bench with the, the bar behind the RLBull. So, learning to, you know, again, put torque into the bar and get your knuckles up as, as another thing that, that took some practice. That's about all I can think of though. Yeah, so for any lifters in this off their chest, to me it's a, I think speedwork is good, I think it has its place. I think there are other ways to go about it too, because just doing speedwork, in my opinion, isn't enough, especially if the person's already not fast, you need to elicit a response. Sometimes somebody's going to lay down or do speedwork and do everything the right way and follow the right percentages and, and it's still not going to make that much of a difference. I think you need, probably need to put on more muscle mass. So, a lot of dumbbell work, like I said, I'll do two sets of 20 at a high rate of exertion, I'll do four sets of 15, I'll do, you know, ton of stuff to build muscle, where your packs are really, you know, driving ball off, off your chest and ball on the bench. Some other things, like a spodo press where you're stopping, you know, an inch or two off your chest, learn to absorb that force. That can be another, another really good one. I don't, I mean, that's really all I've used, especially even with some of the guys that I'm training. And it seems like it's, it's had a good effect. So I haven't had to dive into too much, too many other things, but, you know, again, everything works for a while and it stops working. So, we'll have to revisit that.