Mark Watts lead at the S.A.C.I.M. on here at the Spot-Out Medicine Columbus O'Hile. I'm here with Derek Melender, who is the head strength in the nation coach at the Cleveland of the State Department of State University. Thank you very much for being with us. Thanks for having me. Talk to us a little bit about your journey. You've had an extensive internship experience going through a bunch of different universities to up to this point. Talk about the journey and who are the most influential people to help you get where you are right now. Right. I want to say, you know, my journey started about 10 years ago. I actually started in the personal training room. And I did that for just a short time before I was able to run into a great friend now. That was a training part of my mind that introduced me to Ronnie McKeeford, who's now doing an amazing job with just integrating young coaches of how to be the CEO of the S.A.C.I.C.I. which is a book that he has coming out soon. But I was the personal training and then I actually interviewed for a really prestigious internship opportunity at the University of South Florida in Tampa. And I wind up getting accepted into the internship program. And then I was trying to bust my butt, do a good job, ask questions, complete the assignments that Coach Mack had for us. So when opportunity came, you know, he would come to the string of coaches and say, you know what? You done a good job. I have opportunity for you to interview with the Cleveland Indians. And at the time, my passion was still basketball. Even though I was working football, Coach Mack, you know, basketball was something that I've always wanted to do. Let's say, you know what? It's an opportunity for me to have my own team, you know? I'm going to go forward hard and then I interviewed for the job and I wind up getting it. So I started in the minor leagues for the Cleveland Indians and I did that for two years. And then from there, my boss, Tim Maxi, who's now, he's the head, the Schindler-Kinition Coach, major league baseball. At the time, he was the head of the string coach for the Cleveland Indians. So I was there working for him and he said, hey, you know, one of my neighbors in my name who's actually looking for a string coach at Cleveland State University. And he was asking me this during the middle of our season. I mean, this is July. And if anybody knows Tim Maxi, he's really big on loyalty. You know, in the best job is the one that you have. So when Tim presented the idea for me to leave, you know, the middle of the season, to go to Cleveland State, I thought it was a test of my loyalty. You know, I said, no, no, no, Tim. You know, I appreciate it. Maybe after the season, something I consider, but, you know, right now, you have two more months left. I can't do that. And he says, you know, there can even listen to me. You know, I think this is a great opportunity for you. You know, I know you want to get your masters. You know, I know you have a passion for basketball. This is a great opportunity for you to run your own program. You have 17 sports. You know, I think it's something you should consider. You knew it was best. Yeah. So, you know, I thought about it and, you know, during the middle of my season, he said, okay, you know, there's a day in the schedule coming up next week. You know, if it fits Cleveland State schedule, you know, I allow you to go down there and interview and then come back, you know, don't make any decisions, you know, we'll talk from there. So, I'm going to Cleveland State and I interview with Athletic Department. It was an amazing experience and I walked away from it, feeling like, wow, I got to make a decision, you know. So, I go back to Tim and I explain to him the situation, you know, what the offer is. And, you know, I had his blessing, you know, to take it if I wanted. So, I'm winding up taking that job and I want to work in there for four years. My major responsibility was Ms. Lomus Bascomo, but I also had, you know, 14 of the sports, you know, that was responsible for. So, I did that for four years. I had a great experience, got opportunity, you know, to cut my teeth, you know, writing programs for a variety of different programs. Not just Bascomo, but what I love, but also had to be able to program, you know, for soccer, you know, for volleyball. I had to work with, you know, men and women, you know, so that was a great, you know, experience for me. And then from there, I had the opportunity while I was working there, I would, you know, volunteer for the Cleveland Cavaliers, you know, whenever they needed. Right. You know, in extra hand, you know, during training camp and before summer league. So, I did that for, for a couple of years. And then the head strength coach at the time, Stan Keller's, you know, he was like, hey, you know, if you ever thought about coming to work for me, you know, because I have a position to maybe coming to available. So I wind up, you know, coming over to the calves as is assistant, you know, for three years. And then now what we sit, you know, on the head strength coach, and this is going to my third season in that role. That's, that's a great, so it's a great lesson in loyalty and hard work and being working yourself to the right position at the right time. So, talk a little bit about, with the, the, the, the out feature working with right now, you're in a transition right now, as during this interview, it's kind of the summer. You got talked to me about your, your communication with some of those athletes, what they're doing when they're not with you. And then what's, what's the next step when they do report, if you have different athletes from free agency and rookies, what's your kind of process to get them acclimated to the program that you're running? I think the big, the big challenge in, in the first, in the first thing you have to do the stream coach as a style, as a style, as a relationship with the player, and a style of thing that relationship isn't about showing them, you know, how smart you are or how fit you are in the weight room. You know, you really have to find a connection with that athlete, and the professional level is starts there first. So, you know, for example, you know, we draft a young guy, you know, first thing I wanted to do is have a sit down conversation with him, and just hear about, you know, their, you know, their family dynamics. You know, I want to know about, you know, what kind of home they grew up in, you know, what kind of economic background they'd come from, you know, all those things where I'm just, I'm learning, I'm learning, you know, what makes this person tick, you know, what they've gone through, you know, to get here, you know, so that helps me, you know, drive them, you know, when I need to. And also I can be sympathetic with them, you know, if I see that they have something going on or, you know, so that's very important. It's very important for me, first and foremost, is this establishing that relationship that report that they know that I care about them as a person. You know, I'm not just looking at them as, you know, in acid. You know, and then from there, you know, I'm able to show the athletes, you know, a very important part of your development is going to be, you know, screening, you know, to get collect baseline numbers and incorporate that, you know, with your injury history, to put together the best personalized program for you. So, you know, my big sales pitch is the word we should use is that, you know, your program is going to be individualized for you, you know, based on, you know, your injury history, you know, and how you play and what the coaches have for you. And that's how it starts, you know, and that athlete doesn't have a background in the weight room, you know, then I'm not going to force that on them, you know, then we're going to do more, you know, body weight, you know, movements, you know, we're going to utilize bands, you know, you utilize, you know, cables, you know, all of the people who are going to be doing this, you know, you utilize, you know, cables, you know, all the different things that's going to be less, you know, a base of where they're going to throw threatened or look silly, you know, an environment, you know, I think that's the big thing, you know, my professional guys is, I have to protect their confidence, you know, so I know that if they're not familiar with something, I don't want to present that new challenge to them around their peers when they can potentially look silly, you know, so you always want to try to make them feel like, you know, they're in control and they're professional because they are, you know, in what they do. So throughout the course of a long season, if we're fortunate, you know, I'm just continuing a better relationship and add more exercises to the individualized program. Hopefully that guy doesn't get hurt at all, so they continue to trust me and know that what we're doing is working. It's important that we retest throughout the season, you know, instead of calling it testing, you know, we try to call it performance monitoring because it's less threatening. And we try to pick the most practical, you know, things to do in season, you know, that we can test, you know, their numbers to make sure that everything's aligned and they're not going to, you know, get hurt, you know, for some overuse injury or some major imbalance. And when you're talking about that, I think those are some of the lessons that a lot of a lot of younger strength coaches feel that it sets and reps and not, and it is about those relationships and and finish it off, you know, with the last question, what is some of the best advice that you got as a young strength coach because you did really pay your dues to get where you are now. But there's a lot of young strength coaches out there that want to be where you're at. What's the best advice that you got, what's the best advice you can give to those young strength coaches? I think the best advice I can give them is that it's not about you getting your gratification. It's about doing what's best for the athlete, you know, as strength coaches, you know, we're all ambitious, you know, we read and we always, you know, looking what other guys are doing. And we're like, well, you know, I want to do that, you know, I want to say my guys are dead lifting this, you know, I want to say my guys are cleaning this. You know, but is that gratifying you or is that gratifying the athlete? So I think that's the big thing for me always have to just remind myself that, you know, I'm doing what's best for that athlete. So that may be, you know, a biting weight exercise, you know, that may be a corrective exercise, there's weight it. You know, that may be, you know, just having a conversation with the guy about, you know, what's going on in a personal life. And that may be what that person needed. So two days or now you can actually get in a traditional lift. So I think that's the big deal is just to make sure that you're serving the athlete and not serving your own, you know, ego, you know. Yeah, and that's that's sometimes it's tough to do. And I know that's a challenge. Well, it's the fact that you're down here on Columbus on professional development says a lot about you and just a little bit of time where Bill spent spending together says a lot about you and your character and again, we wish you the best of luck and everything you do, Derek. And we appreciate you being. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you.