You know what, let's step back though and go with the things that you absolutely 100% will never get away from. And I think with, because I know the answer and I took it for granted, which is how you do things throughout the normal day. Let's go into examples for people, because I don't think they understand, because I know it's how you get up from a chair, or take it off a couch, just how you get up out of it, how you sleep, and so all those things. So let's go with the ones that you see through the seminars that you do and the people that you're consolidating with, the number one thing that they're all fucking up. So you have the people that are smart and intelligent people that have read the books, have read back mechanic, have read gift of injury, have read, read Stewart's low back disorder, as an ultimate back. And they think they're smarter than they are. They think they're more proficient in the techniques than they are. So you'll ask them, I'll ask them, so, okay, you have a bulging disc, you still have pain, you still have nerve stuff down your leg, how good, how pristine is your movement each day on a skeleton one to ten? And they'll tell me, it's a ten, it's perfect, it's good as it can be. And so they don't have them sign the waiver on a countertop that's about like this tall, and they'll slouch over into flexion to sign it, as they stop. Before you sign that, look at your posture right now. You're looking down, you're stooped over, lower your hips down to the table, instead of bending over, use your hips. So it's really about using your hips. And it's about, in some ways, it's about creating the best positions for things that just aren't going to be comfortable for a big guy like tying your shoes. Put them up in a chair, put them up on a bench and lunge into it, right? Golfers pick up, like the golfers grab the ball to the whole after they drop it in there on a put. They lean down on one leg, they pivot and drop the one leg back and grab it out, and there's nothing coming out of their spine. So between the squat, you know, lowering the hips, lunging down into tying your shoe, or putting it up on a chair and lunging in. And the golfers pick up, those are the three movements that I do, whether it's taking out the trash, whether it's laying mulch in the yard, whether it's filling the dog food bowls, everything, it's important, it's cumulative. And it isn't just about the dog food being 50 pounds, or a cup of dog food that you're dropping in the bowl, it's about your load and your stress of your body and your body weight. It isn't just about what you're picking up, it's your body weight, you know, every time in the movements, and we call it pick in the scab. No, it may not hurt, may not feel it when you do it, but that flexion under load you delaminate that aneurys, over and over and you're creating the injury, over and over and over until the disc is totally flattened. So that's one of the common things that I see. They think they're pristine, but they're really only about a five out of ten. Once I get them to clean up that other 50 percent, then they're like, oh my gosh, I didn't realize. And a lot of it is just the details matter so much because they think they're moving well, but they're not. So, once I tighten up their McGill big three, where they're really stiffening the core 360 degrees, whenever I teach them how to really stiffen up with an abdominal brace when they're squatting, they realize, hey man, I wasn't really doing these things. It wasn't moving pristine there. I wasn't stiffening my core. I wasn't stiff when I was doing my carries. Once I can show them how it should feel both on me and on them, then they have the lights which go off and see, man, I really wasn't getting it. And getting people to get how important the little things are is very difficult. That's very hard. I can see that because the Instagram would go into people bastardize it. You know what I mean? I saw the McGill three or I saw the movement patterns as a person was regurgitating that you and Stu have been talking about. Like that's not it, man. And McGill, the McGill method is not about the McGill big three. The McGill big three is just a three-prong system of attacking the core. McGill three is a whole process of coming to a precise diagnosis from moving the cause and building pain-free capacity once again. That's what it's about. You're not building a healthy back just because you do the McGill big three. You can be contributing to a healthy back. But a lot of people think, oh, McGill big three, I don't need to do this stupid exercise and then disregard it. Meanwhile, there's a book this thick on ultimate performance that he wrote. Yeah. We're concerning this spine. So there's a lot more to it than just a couple bullet points that you see online. Yes. That's. You pigeonholed people. Yes. You pigeonholed people just like me, oh, Brian Carroll is a D-Load guy. No, that's not even one of some, I don't care. I don't give him shit if you D-Load or not. But at the end of the day, I'd like to stay ahead of the cumulative injuries, the cumulative 15. It's not just about the muscles and joints, it's about the bone. Bone takes a lot longer to heal than muscle tissue. So if you're creating micro trauma over and over, you're squatting three times a week, you're not letting your bones heal. You know, vertebrist start breaking, you start having a bunch of stretched fractures, and you wonder why? Well, when you've been going 100% six weeks in a row, you've got to have adaptations where you load, then you back off and heal. You load, you back off and heal. And the same can be said for tendons, too, when people get really strong when they get on some super supplements, you know. And next thing, you know, their muscles are growing at such a rate. Their tendons don't keep up, and then they blow things apart. So I think that's a good way. A lot of people think about the muscle, the muscle component of it, the muscles needing to heal. But you gotta think bone, bone especially with the spine. I think that one of the misconceptions is that maybe not a misconception is a lot of people don't realize putting that bar on the spine, you know, to be able to squat. And even the shearing with a deadlift. And the bar in your hands when you bench, you know, that's all compressing into the upper back and the neck and the spine. And all those things cumulative with a lot of heavy weight over a period of time, especially before me, it's getting pounded. Yeah. Even with deloats, it's still getting pounded because it's cumulative. After the meat, there has to be time to let those fractures heal. And the stronger you are, you can support more weight by that spine still getting fucking trowel. And that can be counterintuitive when you don't fill the weights heavy, your 1,000 pounds squatter. 650 or 700 pounds is 70%. It doesn't fill heavy. It's light. You can blow it out of the water and do it for 10 reps. But it's still loading a very, very, potentially difficult, you know, system the spine and it causes a lot of damage. You're still loading it. Even though it doesn't fill heavy, you're still compressing it. You're still requiring something out of that spine. And you gotta let it restening. I let it heal. And, you know, you talked about the people that can't take time off from lifting. Those are the people that are always going to have a back injury. And they think they're going to get a surgery. They're going to heal it. But they want to keep lifting. You gotta take time away. Oh, I'm just doing bodybuilding. Bodybuilding is a great way to stay injured for a long time and not get rehab done. Rehab it to be very specific to your goal and especially with the spine, you shouldn't still bench press a lot of the time. You shouldn't be deletting light. You shouldn't be squatting light. You need to start over, let it dis sensitize and slowly build with exercises that you need to build a core of iron and get rid of the patterns that have been hurting you. And glad you said that because I'll see a lot of people that will make notes and post and so forth about how they're unloading the spine, say it's after meat or whatever reason. And they'll stop squatting. But they're still benching. They're still dead lifting. They're still doing overhead dumbbell presses. They're still actually loading the spine. Maybe even worse with some of the movements they're doing, RDL, stiff legs, stuff like that. Then, just, but they just think because the bars on the spine with the squat. And that, yeah, it is a contributing factor. It needs to be taken out. But you're not doing what you're saying you're doing unless you completely unload that spine and do movement. If you're going to do movements, make sure they're movements that are not going to jack the spine all up. And there's movements you can do. There's a line lighter ones that you can do. Machines and shit are great for stuff like that. Because every negative of a machine becomes a positive. Stabilizes spine, the stabilizes joint. You can still work the muscle, doesn't you? But just not squatting is not. I'll see these networks that they won't squat. Then they're doing God awful walking lunges with dumbbells twisting and okay. Oh my God. God. God. I can't bring them up. I just said on my hands. Strobe like a tree. There's roots where I stand. Oh I've been running from the law.