All right, not a segue into your own training. As I was telling you earlier, a Jeremy Freight told me years ago that there came a time in his lifting career where, you know, it's like a light bulb just went off. He was using other people to help with programs and he was following other programs. He did block training for a while. He did, you know, West Side Style training for a while. And then he just kind of put the faith in himself and auto-regulated more or less of the training and his total one up 150, 200 pounds. And I remember that conversation with him because it was something that I was trying to tell him beforehand. This is where you want to try to strive to be, but it's hard to really tell somebody how to strive to be someplace that's really cerebral and not so physical. And then when he finally hit it, he was amazed with the progress. Biggest space to upon the numbers that you're lifting, you've been through that. So thinking back through, you know, all the years of your training, I'm sure like everybody else you started with some kind of linear base periodization, maybe block periodization, what are some of the takeaways, positive takeaways from each one of those things that helped to kind of develop the Dan Green Philosophy, meaning the philosophy that works for you, not a philosophy that you're going to take and try to tell everybody. But what are some of those takeaways that kind of carried over that you use now, but not in the full realm of that philosophy? Yeah, I think, you know, when I was first lifting, I was always just kind of following body building routines, you know, eventually like three sets of eight and a dumbbells and flies and all that stuff. And I think the good thing about that is you put on muscle, there's a lot of guys who come and I just want to lift heavy, but they don't fill out, and that's a problem. So learning how to not just how to lift for volume, but how to, when I think about lifting like a bodybuilder, I think about making sure that you feel that the muscles doing the work, you know, so you're feeling the motion, not just moving with power. You know, I spent, like when I first started training as a power lifter, most of what I was doing was kind of based on reading stuff off of elite and reading stuff off of the Westside page, you know, there's a ton of articles in both places that are all really great. You know, I went through probably two years of following kind of a Westside training model, and that kind of, that was working fine for me, but I still would see some places where I'm like, well, doing everything I think I was supposed to do. The results aren't quite there and everything I wanted. So the best thing for me is that I've gone to a lot of meats, and I've met a lot of people, I've seen some other, you know, styles of coaching, and I've given them all a try. I think there was a sort of article on elite about the finished editing program, which is all like based on doing deficit polls and stiff leg deadlifts and just a lot of volume like that. And so I tried that and worked great. I met another guy. The first time I came to the Arnold, he was a lifter, he competed in the deadlift me, and I saw him training one day, and he did kind of the same thing. He had a lot of block polls, he had a lot of deficits, and just like on deadlift day, he just deadlifted. It wasn't anything fancy. But the volume was there, the different heights and stuff, and you know, I had my main training partner followed training from Josh Bryant. And so I kind of followed along with some of the benching that he was doing, and some of the stuff made a lot of sense. So I kind of modified it to what felt good for me. I wanted to do more of certain things and, you know, less of other things. So I kind of just adapted it. I think in the end, what I kind of taken away from it is to be a good lifter. It's like a sport. Like any other sport, there's a skill to it. It's not just like the strongest guy. It doesn't just show up and win. You have to be the best. So being strong is half of it, but having the skill to actually execute the lifts. You know, that's really critical. Because if if the only thing that matters is who had the most muscle, you just show up and weigh in. Yeah, you know, and that's who it would win. That's not how it works though. So for me, like, becoming skillful means you have to practice. So one of the things I also looked at was as a way, the way that I looked at the Bulgarian way, the thing team, and their program is sort of an notorious for just training the main lifts. The reason being is that they're just getting really skillful on that main lift. So I started kind of doing that where I have a lot of the main lift competition lift I'm not training. But one of the things I learned from, you know, kind of the body building and the west side is the variations that really came for building just general strength. So to me, I wanted to get both. So that's kind of how I figure out the program for myself now. I have part of the space done, you know, the competition lifts. Part of it that's based on kind of variances that are that really target the right spots and body building. So kind of a blend of those three things. The key takeaway, the reason why I wanted to ask him this question, is as he was talking, he went through seven different training philosophies that he's gone through that's kind of matched up to become what he's doing right now. So if you're an intermediate or you're a beginner lifter, you don't want to do what he's doing now. You want to do what he did to get where he is. Because the key to all this is being able to figure out what works for yourself and certain things that he pointed out that he learned in the very beginning, the body building thing is a huge thing that that I struggle with with a lot of power lifters right now because to effectively work a muscle if all you want to do is to build your triceps or say it's an exercise you're doing at the end of your program. Is it really necessary to use a hundred pounds for dumbbell tricep extensions if you're just doing it for high productivity? You can use 40 pounds use a slower tempo and just focus on using the triceps or you can keep that shit up, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, I do a lot of shoulders and rows and it's like I see a lot of guys doing heavier shoulders and I don't do a lot of guys doing heavier rows. I've been training that for a long time but one thing when I do training with other guys and I try to show them like you know what to feel, what to do, they're just kind of like what they have a hard time understanding and then when they do it they're like holy shit that feels really good but I need to go later. Yeah, so that's a huge thing though because when you're talking about longevity and the sport, wear and tear the joints and the health aspect that you're talking about with your clients. If it's an exercise that isn't going to have the dynamic correspondence or like you're talking about carry over to the skill of the lift and it's just there to build muscle. Why beat the shit out of yourself if you can slower the tempo and do it like a bodybuilder to just build the muscle? You know it's now we're not talking about your main exercises here, you know with and when he's talking about the skill of the sport he's talking about the squat bench and deadlift as they're done in competition. Yeah and when I train those I do focus on like acceleration all the way through. You know one of the things you know from Westside training there's the concept of dynamic training but one of the things that I see that people kind of mess up with it is it's not just good like if you're dead the thing go to a meet and you see some guys just ripping the weight off the floor in the warm-up room and then they go out for their attempt on the floor and they grind to a halt right at the knees. So you could look at them and say wow they're super explosive and fast and they're in the warm-up room they're going to be awesome but then they can't grind at a slow speed but the problem is is you have to be able to accelerate the weight all the way through the lift not accelerate off the floor desolored past the knees that's not that's not the same thing. So I think a lot of guys messed that concept up sort of like the accelerate more but sort of like you know you see the the short lockouts yeah you know high hips you're sort of like shortening the range of motion and in terms of just physics if you go shorter distance but more force the power is sort of just equaled out because force and distance one one up one went down so the trick is like I think about like if you be like an Andy Bolton he does this when he's warming up he hits his lockout and the bar just kind of keep going because he's accelerating it all the way through the lift he's not sort of cutting the speed off at the top and so for me that's kind of what I think about accelerating off the floor but then accelerating even more past the knees and I think all the lifts are like that too what that tells you is that you're always in the right position to be powerful or forceful at any moment in the lift not like it's like the concept of just get speed to blast through your sticking point yeah that's fine of course you want to be fast but at the same time you want to be in the right position of this sticking point too yes so it's kind of it's not good enough to just do one if you want to be better exactly all right well I want to thank you for the interview this is a great information and if you want to get a hold of the interview and check out his training facility what's the website it is bossbarbo.com