Now with this I'm speaking about true beginners people who never wait trained before. No experience with it. They just decide that they want to get bigger, get stronger, you know, or if they're older, they have been inactive, they know that they need to be come active. So from that standpoint, it's a step-by-step basis that has to be, I want to use the word caution, but I'm not really, that's not really the right term. So I just kind of get into it and lay it out. So if it's a high school kid, junior high, whenever the kid's coming to you and you got to figure out why they're coming to you in the first place. Is it because a coach is telling them to their parents is coming to you because they really want to. That you have to figure out because you're not just trying to train the kid, you're going to try to get the kid to buy in to whatever training that you're getting and want them to do. Because again, it's something that can be fucked up very easily. And we live in a world where everybody is looking for hacks and quick fixes and everything. So your kid that's coming to you or the beginner that's coming to you, they're going to think that there are all these secrets and hacks and quick tips and all this bullshit that the industry's kind of thrown out on them. You're going to have to educate them on the fact that that's all bullshit. And in most part, the majority of the trainers and the people that are out there are actually selling this bullshit. So your back is kind of against the wall if you're the trainer of the coach because you're going to look like the person that doesn't have the quick fix in the answers and all the other stuff. And you have to convince them that everybody else is full of shit, which is basically the entire industry and media and everything else and you're right. So that's where that trust has to be developed. And if you're bringing them in and you're not showing any interest in what they like, what they don't like, what they've done before, the health history, all the things that I've talked about before. If you're going to comment them and say, here's what you're going to do because I'm really good at it and I really like what I do and just do this because you're the expert, you're fucked up. And you can't come at them and say that you can't be the quick fix person because if you're the quick fix person, it doesn't take very long for them to figure out they're not making the progress with you that you claimed that they should and then they're going to leave and just bounce around like everybody in the industry almost from person to person to person because nobody can live up to the quick fix that they're actually trying to sell. So it's like I said, the industry is just bullshit. So you gotta stand out for more than that. And you do that by treating the person with respect and honest, he can figure out. And it doesn't matter if they're 8.910, 13, 14, 15 or 50 years old. It's the same thing. You have to build that trust to be able to know that they're embarking on something that's a journey that's going to come fast at the very beginning, which is I'll get to that next. And then it's going to get a little bit harder and there's going to be hard work, there is going to be consistency, there's going to be those things that kind of play out. The first thing is the communication and making sure that you're on the same page with them, not that they're on the same page with you. So you gotta kind of meet them where they are instead of trying to get them to meet you where you are because you are the expert and they're in their mind, you're no more of an expert than the people on TV or the people selling online training on Instagram. You're exactly the same. So you have to separate yourself from that standpoint. From there, when you're working with beginners and you're talking at the true beginner and you're talking about programming, it probably doesn't matter as much as people make it out to be because they're going to make progress no matter what they do. So the most, you gotta establish what the goals in the objectives are for the person that you're going to be working with. Again, based upon health history, training history, all those things. I'm not going to keep repeating that from this point forward. So based upon those things, you're going to set objectives that you're going to want to see from them and then objectives that they're going to want as well. So their own goals and whatever they are for has to be kind of implemented in with that as well. From that standpoint, those objectives are going to be pretty cutting dry from the onset. Consistency is going to have to be one of them. So it can be once a week twice a week. Whatever you're going to set it up to be, you don't stretch them too thin because they're beginners. They'll make pretty much the same progress on once a week. They're going to want twice a week that they're going to, on three times a week. People can tell me otherwise all they want. I've seen it over and over and over and while they're beginners, they're going to make progress on pretty much anything they do. So if you know that's the case, then you're going to ride that wave, the best that you possibly can while educating them and making them more consistent and teaching them what the process is. So they understand that as they keep continuing to do this, that the training is going to have to evolve in that once a week or twice a week may not be enough, it may have to you know, graduate into something else. But those are conversations that you can have while working with them over that period of several months to where they're going to keep making progress on whatever they do. So from that standpoint, it has to be mostly enjoyable. So they're going to want to keep coming back so they enjoy it so they like it. They don't have to like all of it, but they have to like most of it. They need to understand how to do the exercises that you're programming them to do. The goal in my opinion of any coach or any trainer should be able to take that client and then teach them how to train themselves at whatever level that they're in. So if they're a beginner, you want to be able to teach them how they should be able to train as one of the most optimal beginners or intermediate and advanced as they progress through the same way. The goal should not be to train somebody and get them as a client and then have them as a client for 10 years. If they so decide to do that, that's fine, but that should be their choice and it shouldn't because they have to have you because they don't know what they're doing. If that's the case, then you suck as an educator. You should be able to teach them what they need to do on their own and let them go. And for those people that are concerned about their personal training business and income and all this other stuff, you need to understand that one client that you teach to be able to train themselves over a period of year and a half and whatever is going to be is probably going to return 10 clients in exchange or you can just keep that one client forever and never teach them how to do anything on their own and then the referrals are going to be nowhere near. So the lifetime value of that client is going to be 10 times if you're teaching them how to go about doing this on their own, then if you did not. So that's an important distinguishing factor to put out there. Aside from the point, they shouldn't need you after a period of time if you're instructing them well, getting to the programming standpoint, the exercises, some just basic stuff to put out there. The exercises should be simple, they should be compound movements, they should be easy to learn and they should be movements that they should be executing as well as they can. Another thing that I see or have seen a lot is trainers are trying to get a new client of beginner to do exercises, even 80% efficiently and with the great technique that's not going to happen with the beginner. It's just not. You can get the technique close, 50% however you want to scale what the technique is. You can get it somewhat close, you've got to be good with what that is for a period of time. Don't try to fix nine things that it wants, just pick one or two and just stomach the fact that it's not going to look like you want it to look for a while. But if you're fixing one maybe two things at a time over a period of six months, then it's going to be solid. You have to understand that you're teaching them more than one exercise. You may be teaching them five, ten, fifteen, maybe twenty different exercises. The grand scheme of things, that's a lot for somebody that's never been introduced to any of this before to be able to process and understand and execute on. Put yourself in the same situation where you're going to embark on a sport that you've never done before in your life ever. And then while you're doing that sport, that coach that you're going to work with is going to teach you 20 to 30 plays and want you to execute them 100% efficiently all within the first two weeks. It's not going to happen. You're going to get frustrated, you're going to get pissed off, you're not going to get it. It's exactly how the clients are going to feel up their beginners and you're trying to teach them all this stuff at once. And then on top of that, you're having dialogue with them on healthy eating habits and restoration and all this other stuff to make yourself sounds smart during respires. Now they leave after one day and they don't know what the fuck to think. So you put yourself in their position and if you've got to really, I can't over-emphasize you have to really think about this because you're passionate about training that's not theirs. So again, put yourself in the same situation with the sport you know nothing about and you don't even like that well. And see how well you would like to have the same type of information, technical stuff and all incidental stuff thrown on you at once and how well are you going to be able to process that. Training be killers as you have to understand where they're coming from if they're that true beginner and work with them to get them to a point that they can progress and move forward. That's called coaching and it's called educating and it's called training. Now, if you're that person, if you're that beginner and not a lot of the people that are going to be following our site or podcast is going to be that person. So I want to spend a lot of time on this. If you're that person, then look for a coach that is going to speak your language that's going to break it down and make it simple. That's not going to make things too convoluted and complex that you can't absorb what you're trying to actually do or what they want to do. And somebody that's teaching you to be able to do this on your own because if not, you know, scenario that happens a lot of times is a client may only be able to afford a trainer once a week. They really in time, they're probably going to need to train two or three times a week. But that trainer has never showed them how to do anything past that one time a week thing. So then that person eventually down the line comes in the other two days a week has no idea what they're doing. That's a situation you don't want to be in. And that's if you're the person that's looking to begin a program, you don't want to be that person. So if you are that person first off, you don't have to hire a coach a trainer. You don't have to do any of that shit. All of this can be self-taught. And most gyms, there's going to be somebody that will show you the exercises for free, though from that, from the onset of the membership. And it's not that complicated. You know, it's when you go online and you search these things, lead FTS.com, you have ton of stuff. And you search these things. Simple is always best if you're a complete beginner. It's doing whatever you're going to be consistent at. If it's decide how many days a week you want to commit to it. And then whatever you think that is, do have. So if you think you're going to go and you can do four times a week, do twice. Because most people are going to overreach and over extend what they think, the true abilities are going to be and what their motivation is going to be. It's better to start lower and build it up than to start too high and quit. So from that standpoint, it doesn't matter if it's a full body routine or upper lower body split or however you want to, there's everything you can find online for for this. It doesn't matter. You know, just forget all this shit that you're going to read and just for, I'll get into the power lifting part here in a minute. But for kicks, I just searched the stuff before I did the podcast to see if I was a beginner or not one to search, exercise with weights and weight training, whatever. What's going to pop up? You know, I'm reading, you know, first articles to pop up or shit about mesocycles and macrosycles. I'm like, he fucking kidding me. This is what's going to pop up for somebody that's going to start lifting weights and that was nothing about it. So just find the simplest thing and avoid all the noise. If you're that person that wants to start working out, just avoid any time you're reading or you're a part of anything in the exercise community, if it starts to seem like it's too much and it's just a lot of noise, just avoid it. Get the fuck away from it and just figure out you need to do four or five exercises, go to the gym, execute them and be done. Make it as simple as you possibly can with the only goal of being consistency and let the beginner gains, which everybody is going to have. Just let them happen as they're going to happen. Regardless of what anybody tells you with the hacks and all the bullshit that's out there, there's no hack that's out there. There's no fucking steroid that out. There's no supplement. There's nothing fucking out there from a hack standpoint that's going to work better than fucking beginner gains. Nothing. So whatever it's going to progress is going to be made in the first three to six months. There's nothing that can be better than just showing up and doing it. This is where the industry tries to capitalize on their shit and God damn it's fucking drives me crazy sometimes. They try to capitalize on it and they get everybody on these fucking supplements and stupid programs to make them think that that's what was actually responsible for the beginner gains in the first place and it wasn't. Of course they're going to be disappointed six months or a year later when they try the same shit again and it doesn't work as well. Then they fucking quit because they don't understand what the process was because nobody wanted to fucking tell them because they're too busy trying to fucking monetize on what it is. Now I just got off on a rant. So anyhow, dial it back in. Okay. So if you are a coach or a trainer, break it down to the communication, get on their level, move forward. I'm going to move off that beginner and go to somebody that's been training for a while. They think that they're serious with it and they want to power a lift or a train like a power lift or a bodybuilder and a kind of a compounded builder. So a little bit different definition of what the beginner is going to be from this standpoint. Those people are going to be a little bit different because they're going to like what they're doing which is why they want to kind of take it up level because they've already been training recreationally or however you want to find that for a while and they like it and they want to take that next step. So next level whatever is going to be. Again the same thing kind of applies here when you search how to power a lift or how to train for a power a lift you meet and all this other stuff. You're you're you're you're got all this bullshit of people trying to sell you crap. People trying to sell you know online coaching services and all this other kind of bullshit that you don't need and you lose sight of how simple it really is to train like a power lift or a train like a bodybuilder and and bark on that journey because everybody's making it complicated to confuse the the person so they can sell them whatever goods or services that they have to sell them. So you're going to rip all that crap away and what you find is the training is pretty simple for the beginner again that was doing bark on that. It doesn't matter what program you're going to jump on you're going to make progress from that. The only difference is don't over estimate where your starting point is. So if you find a program that you want to do and it's percent based don't go into that thinking I want to squat 300 pounds or I want to squat 400 pounds you need to go in it thinking my best squat is 300 pounds but I probably want to set it up for this at 275 so I would break it down a little bit instead of over reaching on it to make it more manageable to go through the program because you probably haven't been through anything like that before and from my experience most people are going to over estimate where their max is and if you over estimate it's going to hurt the training program and the process of the training as it lays out. If you underestimate it's not going to screw anything up actually will probably work better. So there's no harm and ever underestimating there's big harm huge harm and overestimating. So you don't want to do that from that standpoint as well if you're going to do this I'm a big proponent of the training and environment and training partners and stuff like that. So try to see if there's somebody that you can train with that can help you from that standpoint. If not that's okay you can still figure it out and you can you can still figure it out and don't even if you decide that you want to hire a coach or somebody to help you take accountability and responsibility so you're doing almost all of the work and that person that you're working with is just helping you along the way so you can learn from any mistakes that are made any successes that happen you want to learn from those because eventually if you progress in the sport say you end up being the genetic freak you're going to have to be accountable for being able to auto regulate your home program by that I mean there's going to come a time to where you're going to have to make decisions throughout your own training program on if you have to push a little harder if you have to back down and as a beginner you're not even going to know really when I'm talking about that much but you need to be aware that that is going to be where the future lies and if you're not educating yourself to the degree that you're going to be able to make those decisions on the spot on the fly then you will hold yourself back and limit what you're overall true personal potential is from that so coaches can definitely help I'm not denying that in any way whatsoever but they can also hurt if they're not teaching you as I said earlier even with a true beginner if they're not teaching you how to do this on your own they're doing a huge service to you and there are some out there that do that most don't so you need to understand what you're getting into and the relationship you're getting into because you're the your the most important person in the relationship if it's your training the key word of yours so you have to take the accountability for that and I don't buy the excuse if somebody wants to look into powerlifting body but then we're going to take it to the next level I'm not a person that buys into the excuse of oh I just want to put it off on somebody else because I don't want to think about it I got to go shit to deal well you know what don't fucking compete then it's as simple as that and my opinion it's as simple as that because if you got other things you just want upon it off somebody else find just rest assured that you're going to not be or ever lift to the potential that you could because of that because you don't care you just set it you know the validation is in the statement itself you know so from that standpoint you can't you can definitely learn from those people but that personal accountability is fucking huge and where you're going to make the majority of the mistakes and the majority of the early or the majority of the successes is going to be in the very beginning the first year or two that's where the most is learned don't delegate that to somebody else unless you're going to be an integral part of that process to you so you can learn from that because that time once it's gone it's gone and you're all. I'll just leave it with that. Do we have questions before I start raining again?