Okay, here he goes. 425, he puts that down there. It's a long pause. His head come up, boom, red light it. And I'm like, okay, this guy here, this crazy ballman of fucker, who's scary. I mean, he was scary as fuck. You know, I like him. You know, it's like, I like this guy. You know, he's kind of like the guy, everybody I'm training with is telling me to avoid. But he just told me when, and I didn't have to work this hard. A lot of Luis ideas were spawned from solving issues with his lifters that he had. What problems do you guys have training with Luis and how did he solve them? And how about yourself in your own training? Well, with Luis and me, again, you're going back to 1976. I did talk to him on the phone, but I was gone. And I should know the exact date, but I don't. I'm going to say around 78. So it wasn't really that long. There weren't a whole lot of problems. We were all young kids. Nobody was really getting hurt. So everything was, I don't mean to bore you, but everything was pretty straightforward. And then I'm on the phone with him for years. Probably I worry about on the phone. That probably ended, you know, some time and maybe 84 or something. I guess, probably 84. But I was just so young and so healthy that I don't remember, you know, my guys weren't really getting hurt. And so I probably missed a lot of ideas because I wouldn't be calling him with a specific question. And that course I remember that, you know, the reverse hyper, you know, he came up with that machine, but we used to build it in the power act. We, you know, we put the pins in, we put two boards across, and then it piece of plywood on top of that. You padded up a little bit and you tied the weights in between your legs with a real thick belt. And you tied them and then you jumped up in the power act held on and swung. And you could really swing through. You could also swing all the way up and do like a leg curl. Most people didn't, but Gary Sanger did. And so of course I did because he was the best one down there at the time. So he was doing, he was turning into a leg curl at the top of it. And then swinging through. So I started doing it like that as well. And when I got one of his machines because, you know, having a little back problems, he said, you got to do these hypers in this and that. I remember getting them machine the first time he gave me one, which was very, very nice of him. He gave me the machine. And I didn't even use it. I still build it up in the power act, but there wasn't a, Dave would know a lot better than I do because there wasn't a lot of stuff that that he was throwing a lot of things at the wall and seeing what would stick. But I was already gone by then. We didn't throw much of the wall. It was pretty straightforward. What about what you did? There are a couple. I mean, the one I talked about in the Westside documentary, the first one. Actually, the funny story because he's talked about how Louis humor is through the roof. And I don't think the Westside or the documentary portray that enough. Because he is a funny motherfucker. I mean, he will pit one of us against another. You know, unlike Doug wasn't part of all that, but he was, he was a master manipulator. You know, at that standpoint, but he was also fucking funny as, one of my first, not first meets, but one of my teenage meets. I had a decent bench as a teenager. I don't know what the hell happened. I was like, I got a order, but it just, it was a good bench. And I was mentioning it to Stu who had like a ZZ top beard. And it was, it was really close. And it was, I was 220 maybe. My name even been 198 at the time. I'm not too sure. I would probably 220. And I was 400 and I was going to go 420. And this dude was going to go 425. And I'm like, man, I don't know if I can do 425. You know, everything training wise is. And lose like, don't worry about it. Just take the 420 because this guy's going to bring the bar down. He's been bringing it higher and higher every attempt. And he's going to bring it down a little bit higher and it's going to pull his beard. And it's going to lift his head off the bench. He's going to get redlighted, guaranteed. And like this whole man. Like this is this is bullshit. This is this thing, you know, hot. But then he says, I've seen it happen dozens of times. I'm like, OK, fuck it. 415. I'm going to that way. I can make sure I win because I actually cared about winning back then more than records and stuff like that. I go, I hit the 415. I'm like, OK, here he goes 425. He puts that down there. It's a long pause. His head come up. Boom. Redlighted. And I'm like, OK, this guy here, this crazy ball motherfucker. Who's is scary. I mean, he was scary as fuck. You know, I like him. You know, it's like, I like this guy. He's kind of like the guy, everybody I'm training with is telling me to avoid. But he just told me when. And I didn't have to work that hard. But the, the Toledo opened me. I was squatting. And a train cycle went really well. I always had a problem in the gym. I would always triple more than I could do in the meat. So this time I was determined that I was going to fucking do it the meat. What I tripleed in the gym. And it was 800. I believe it's what the number was. It's, and it wasn't the first 800 that I've done. And I get there and the warmups are fine. And my openers called high, which it was. It was fucking high. And I was in a battle with Floria with the time, which was very surreal to me because John, you know, RIP, you know, helped me a lot as a kid. You know, but him and Louie, man, it's how these guys, I mean, we're in such a cool sport that 13, 14 year old trouble kid, man. And you know, I'm being drug around from these meats by people that have pleased the department, had a pleased department. So these guys really kind of know what they're doing. But, you know, John really probably more so than anybody. You know, it was like, you know, do this to this than I call him and he helped me out. I'm going to blast you tell me out. But I'm going to meet now. And we're in the same way class. And we're going head to head. And I'm like, fuck, you know, it's, I might beat this guy. You know, he missed a squat. He was a big squat or he missed a squat. He left the door open. I'm like, I'm going to beat this son of a bitch, you know, and, but I needed to have that 800. And so the second was, it was there, but it was a bit of a grind. I think it was around 750 or something like that. I'm like, fuck, and I'm going to 800. I tripled it. And there's no reason why in my mind, I could still not figure this out. I did not know why my training was so flawed, you know, until I got to know Louie and explained it years later. I'm like, fuck it. So Louie pulls me aside. He says, let me backs why you. You know, I'm gonna fuck you back. You know, it's not either going to make it or I'm not, you know, it does makes no difference to me as long as there's spotters there. I don't give a fuck. I take it out, walk it out. And I hear him say, you know, push your belly against the belt or something like that. You know, show me how fat you are, belly against the belt. Something. But whatever it was, I pushed as hard as I could against my belt, sat down. Frate came up like I cut a squad of eight, 60. And I'm standing there and blood's running down my forehead because I used to beat my head on the fucking bar. You think I was not to. I actually got thrown out of a meat for that. So I rule that I didn't know existed. Louie got pissed about that one too. That's another story. I got good one still. You ever had about the bar and it's bleeding so bad. It sprays on the head judge and then you get thrown out of the meat. It's bleeding. It's bleeding. I have. Then you walked around the rest of the day with a knee wrap around your forehead. Yeah. To make sure you're bleeding. So I do that. Then I look, you know, I looked at Louie and like, what the fuck? What the hell? What did you just do? Why does this matter? And he says, you have to have air. And I know that. And my own people are saying, big air, big air, big air. So you're pulling it all in your chest. I'm like, what the fuck else? I mean, your lungs are where your lungs are at. You know what I'm saying? You pull air into your lungs. You pull air into your lungs. And he's like, yeah, you still have to breathe air into your fucking lungs. You idiot. He says, you need to pull air into your entire torso, your chest, your belly, your oblique, your lower back. So he's got me in the warm-up room and like, punch in me. You know, because, you know, it's, I'm pushing out and it's like, okay, you got that figured out, like the front's easy. You're just like, now, you know, it's like, you know, punch just me in the side. My mother fucker. You're like, do what you get in. And then, you know, it punches me inside. It's not so bad. Then he's pushing on my back. So it was, you know, I had that whole 360 thing. Then he does this little loy thing where he's like, here, stick your fingers. You know, in my old bleaks. And I'm like, oh, my fucking young, and jam these in here. He just punched me in the fucking gut. Yeah. Fuck, I don't want, he, he almost broke my fingers. And then years later, I saw him in the gym, take a doll rod and stick it in. It was a bleak and shoot it across the gym, like, some way through a spear. It's a freaking amazing. But, um, where people miss interpret that just for the listeners out there. If you're not just pushing your belly against the belt, you're trying to, I use the cue with Ted to break the belt. So it's all, the belt's tight all the way around. You just can't, like, show people how fat you are. It doesn't work that way unless that cue makes you tight all the way. But that was, for me, that was a huge sales point. Like, okay, Columbus is now tipping in the scales of where I'm going to go. Yeah. Because I was just told something, I didn't know. Or I did know, but I didn't know. I really, I, you know what I mean? I didn't know I didn't know that. You know, it was really fucked up. It's like, I thought I knew what the hell I was doing. And now I'm questioning everything. And then me and John go on, you know, for the me, it's just a story for the rest of the me. And we, I beat him by five pounds. And I'm like, yes. And, you know, John comes over and shakes my hand. And, you know, it's very cordial, very nice. We set this fucking smart gun as face. I'm like, but what's going on? You know, it's like, you know, it's the mad. Because I beat him because, you know, it's, to me it was an honor, you know, because if it wasn't for him, you know, in Louis, I would not be in a position to be able to do that. And I wasn't rubbing it in anything like that. What I didn't know until the meat was over is we were in the 275s. He just missed 242. He weighed 244. I won the weight class. He won best. He won best lifter. Yeah. So he come over to me and he said, I've told you a lot of things, but never forget. I never tell you everything. Oh, that's great. And I'm like, mother, fucker. You know, here I am thinking, man, I got this guy. You know, and I was mad too. I'm like, mother, mother, you know, I couldn't have pulled another pound. So there's, there's no more that I had nothing. And he added off day. And I'm like, that son of a bitch did this on purpose. Just so he could say that. You know, and it's, but that was that was one. The other one with Louis. And there's multiple ones with Louis. I could go on for hours and hours and hours. Is there became a time in my career where my shoulder after two surgery. It was shoulder after one surgery. Pecary attachment came before West Side. The Pecary attachment was a total dislocation screw it back in, type in, the muscle was all. I mean, that was, the left one was a mess, but this, they fixed it. So it was, that was fine. The right one tore Pec major completely pretty much in half. So I put a picture on my Instagram, I'm a funny way looks at it. And just, you see, there's a giant fucking dent there. Huge. And then my shoulder had one clean up job. You know, with spurs and arthritis and torn rotator and all that. So I had to find a different way to bench, you know, because my pecs were not doing anything. And when they did, my bench was, it was terrible. So we spent probably 45 minutes on a Tuesday. So it was a day off. So it was a, in between, you can kind of say there were no days off. But it was like a lap day. It was an extra workout day. And we spent, oh my God, probably 45 minutes to an hour and a half. Just going over every fucking thing that we could go over bar path wise on how I could bench and not use my pecs. I mean, almost physically not use my pecs at all. And it, it meant I could no longer tuck my feet. My feet had to be out in front of me. So I had to drive through the bench, not down into the bench. I had to go to a thumbless grip and a very, very twisted thumbless grip. So not just thumbless, but turned hard. So my elbows were already tucked to begin with, you know, before getting it out. Having the hand out, then talking more and totally benching and it's probably the straightest. And I'm out of anybody that's ever been through west side. I can demonstrate it during seminars and I can show a normal bench press and measure it at 14 inches of how most people bench. Get in my position and shorten it down to three and a half to four inches. So that's what we spent the time doing. And then once we had that figured out, then it was, okay, what needs to strengthen to stabilize this groove. Because if you fall out of it, you're fucked and it triceps. I mean, it still fell down to the basics. You know, triceps lats, quit doing peck work. You know, that was a big part of it, quit doing peck work, quit doing anything that's going to strain it, get everything on the tricep. So it was, that was probably one of the more in depth technical conversations that I had because we had to find a way to make this better. And we did and I ended up benching right after the meat right after that, I hit a 585 with the best B&F545. So that was like an immediate difference. Then went into the sixes and started to have problems with the elbows flaring and stuff like that. So it started to creep back a little bit again. But without that, it never went away. It never went out. You know, it would have stayed where it was. I can give others a chance. I can't bring them up. Does that on my hands? Just throw like a tree. This root rest end. Oh, I've been running from the law.