And this is a 100% true story. My first client was a dude, probably 240, kind of a little jack, not really. You know, I just threw a fucking plate on each side. It's what we did. You know, it's how I grew up. You know. When I was still in high school, I got a job, working as a fitness instructor at a local club, and I knew all the fucking weater principles. All of them inside now. Like if they asked me, I was ready, I was prepared and knew it from my three years of training. Thought I knew fucking everything there was about training. Because did a couple of meats, you know, new linear periodization. Thought I fucking knew it all. Then I went to college. All right. And then after a few courses, I realized, I don't know if fucking that. All right. Then I ended up told one my first elite. And was like, yeah, I fucking know what I'm doing. You know. And then another in a different way class. Like I fucking know this. And then the list started tearing off. I did a couple bodybuilding shows. I'm like, okay, I know this better than fucking. I think there's nothing in this shit. I don't fucking know. And then my lift stalled. And I couldn't get any better. And I had professors tell me I had a genetic limit. And I'm like, what the fuck is that? You know, and then I'm start believing the shit. Then I start really talking to Louis. And I realize I don't know a fucking thing. You know, so right back to zero again. And then after five, six years with Louis, I'm like, I fucking know everything. There is no about a girl. There is nobody out there except Louis that knows more about power lifting than I do. Right? And then you fast forward, you know, after meeting Buddy Morris, you know, and after a few conversations with him, I was like, I don't know a fucking thing about training. I think I just see him in business too. Yeah. I don't know everything. I fucking don't know anything. Yeah. When you level up. Yeah. It's like the order I get, the more I realize I don't fucking know anything. Right. I mean, first seeing like Mike's effort, then I make effort and repetition. And thinking you to choose one. I was like, fuck, what one would I do? I was like, like, like, like, like, like, a max out every day. I was like, well, those guys are maxing. Yeah. Maybe I should just do the fast. Like not understanding the whole, like, and really reading this stuff. Right? And not just not linking it. This was something and your program. I just thought, but I probably just should just do for, for Taikwondo. I'll just do Taikwondo stuff. But I have this to that. Like with no idea. The best thing I think ever happened to me is I got thrust into having a train jet in pop. People that hadn't trained for five, 10 years. And this is a 100% true story. My first client was a dude. Probably 240. You look kind of a little jack, not really. I just threw a fucking plate on each side. It's what we did. It's how I grew up. Every gym I used to train and had a plate on each side all the time. And I lifted this off. I'm like this ain't right. Like this feels fucked up. And ended up doing a reverse grip row. And then racked it and ended up putting a five and a two on each side and just set to ten. And you were like, oh shit. I went home that night and told Tracy I'm like, you're not going to fucking believe this. This I have no idea. Dude, dude, good. And even Benz. I'm like this dude had to be like 220 and couldn't fucking bench the bar. You said something a year ago that this stuck is that a thing with young female coaches. Is they don't understand what strength is? Because the strongest person ever met is either the boyfriend or the dad. And they've never seen strength. But I can also flip it. There's some power lefters who come in a general pop and don't understand what real strength and labels are. Right. You have a fucked up number in your head. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I was fucked up. Yeah. You know, that's when I started attending every fucking seminar I could. You know, that was in I was ACS, ACSM fitness instructor certified, which I don't know if still exists. NSCA. Any general fitness. Yeah, I probably went to 12 conferences a year for five years and just took all of it in. You know, when somebody's full of shit, so you just kind of screwed up to back and you done. But, you know, it was like, okay, this is more than I thought it was. It's actually a regression of what I knew. But a whole world. Very fucking humbling at the same time, because you think you know everything. But yeah, here I am trying to get this dude to bench a plate per side. Ever base should be able to do a push up. Yeah. And then you tell the girl to go down in the floor and do a push up. Yeah. It's about the bloody nose. Yeah. Yeah. It's the young female coach. His boyfriend Bench is one thirty five and she thinks he's crazy strong. Right. Or dad Bench, one thirty five and the garage. But there's also a power left to come in and who'd never seen anybody who could have been faced with that. It's mainly kills the guy. Yeah, I mean, I'm like, how do you program this? I'm like, what the fuck, you know, what do I do? And it took me six months, maybe to actually figure out how to lay out a program that was going to work for them, that was going to be motivational form, that was going to be incentive for them to show up. You know, because you get the client that will come every Thursday and that's it. You know, every Tuesday and Thursday, you can still make them stronger. You know, it's just nutritionally out. I always push that off. It's like I'm not a dietitian. I can't help you with that. Here's Allison's number. Give her a call. She takes care of that. I'll do your body fat. You know, so that's taken care of. But that I'm not responsible for. So whenever we did a eight week review, if they got fat or that's not my fault. Yeah, I knew this. Fucking what the hell is I don't see. You know, we've decided a bit. Well, what I've seen is your push-ups are 200 percent. After. I can't bring them up. Does that on my hands? Just throw like a tree. There's roots dry, stand. Oh, I've been running from the law.