I don't look back and say what if because that was a deal I made with myself before coming to Westside because at that point I wanted to quit because I tore my packet completely off. It was complete rupture from the humorous and had to be reattached and at the time when I had it done here in Columbus like 90s. The guy who there was only one person in town that has done it, he only did it three times before. So that's how rare, complete, tender and rupture was. How painful was it to complete tendon rupture? Not at all. No pain. It was all from the nose and nose. It was a good thing. It's just the whole pack was under the knifle. It just, you know, they could pull it back and staple it on or how to date. I waited a month because really, yeah I thought that like every injury I thought I was going to get better on its own. And I was also graduating from college. I had finals ahead of other stuff. It wasn't painful. It wasn't you. I just, I could not unrapped a bar from a batch. And if I laid flat on the floor and had my arm out to the side, I could not lift it off the floor. But other than that as long as the biceps and delts were recruited, they could compensate, I could carry books to class and cover. And so I kept thinking, you know, since I can move it, it's got to get better. But when those two movements that, you know, adduction and, you know, being able to pull it out of the rack, when those would not come back at all. Can I just dance that long? It didn't ball up and go into spasm and hurt like crazy. No, but it did start to scarm into itself. So it took several doctors to be able to cut them also to pull the scar tissue to be able to pull the muscle back and then drill the tendon into the bone. Yeah. And then of course afterwards they're telling me, you know, you're probably never going to venture over 400 pounds again. And I'm like, well, you know, we use the shirts. And, you know, I, I really have never displayed what my real strength was based upon everything I've done in the gym. So I don't need to bench 400 to get a 600 pound batch. I just need to get learned how to use, you know, so. I'm justifying all of it, but it may complete sense to me. But I didn't realize how damaging that statement was until I had to combat it, you know, a year later or whatever it was. But after speaking with Louis, you know, at that point, I'm like, you know, what my total hasn't gone up three or four years. Maybe, maybe I am done. You know, maybe the professors are right. Maybe I hit this, you know, genetic limit. If this is where my body can go. And even with that, I argued with them because I'm like, if I, if I can just put my best lifts together, it beats the total. It beats my best total. Right. Your best. Yeah. So let's say I don't get stronger. I can still go in healthier and put my best lifts together and always put five more pounds on each lift. And so their thing was, well, what it, what it expects, you know, look at all the things that have torn and all the injuries that you've had just to do this. And so of course, Louis had the answers like, you know, training stupid and all this other stuff. And so when I decided to come back, it was, it was a true decision. Like some people make decisions and there's really true decisions where you decide. Committed. Committed decisions. And when I made that, it was, I'm not going to come back. I'm not going to look back and say, what if no matter what. So from here on out, no matter what, I'm not going to look back and say, what if I would have done this, what if I would have done that? That's not going to happen. So it took everything to a new level. So that committed decision is like the body builder says I'm going to do a show and then then four weeks from the show come up. He continues to the show. Yeah, it's exactly. And this was committed decision. I do what I do things different based upon what I know now looking back probably I would who would. But you know what, I didn't know those things. Right. So I can't look back and say, you know, that what if type of thing. And so that decision played a big part of it. And that's also what created the journey that this was going to go until I could no longer do it. You know, when I could no longer grab a bar, it's kind of hard to squat. You can't grab the bar. And the surgery options are not good. You know, so we're out of options now. This is over. But I didn't want it to be over. So that enters that next stage where you're dealing with grief of a sport. It's different when you choose to give it up and when it's taken. Yeah. So that's a difference. And I can appreciate that. I was able to choose. And I'm glad. I didn't end on an injury. I didn't run out of steam. I didn't start to perform poorly. I stopped right at the right time. You know, I was done. And that was it. That was at my best. And the best that I had gotten to. So I was still getting stronger. But the joints were hurting more and more and more and more. And the reward for putting five more pounds on was not what it was. Before. So the rewards got smaller and smaller. And it seemed the pain got greater and greater. And I stuck it out for one more meat. And I totally knew packing up my gear from the meat. I knew that was the last one. I was thinking about it. Right? It's not like you. No, I get some. Well, sometimes it is a blind time. But for me, it was it. I just saw it coming. I felt it coming. And I was able to choose to stop. I knew as I kind of saw it coming in a few forms. The shoulder definitely. Because there were two surgeries before that. So I knew what direction that was heading in. But the other thing was the rewards were getting smaller. And that's what you do with Florida rewards. And I didn't want them as much as I wanted them before. And then the other part of it was the new were guys coming up. We're really strong. And that's not part of it and un-engineered. You're, no, that's not part of it. Because you're trying to be, you're trying to use up your potential. The potential has nothing to do with your potential. Yeah, but it's still, when you see that. You don't look at them. Yeah, your competitor. You still kind of look at where you know where they are. And where are you? That's where. But I didn't like where I was going. Let's put it that way. Did you did some of your lifts fall off? No. OK. So that's good. Yeah. So there's, yeah. If you never loaded a bar to 500 pounds, and you benched 490. And you think you could have done 500. But you never tried it. You're not sure. Yeah. See, that's what if I was never going to have. You're not sure. But if you tried it and miss, you're sure. Yeah. Or if you try it, and you make it, you're sure. So, you know, there's a good, there's a, it's nice to end on your, on some personal records. You're, yeah. Quality lifts, it's not falling off and seeing, well, I've got to give this up now, because I can't do what I used to to could. Yeah, that's why, if I don't know, the shoulder, I always say it's a blessing and a curse, because let's say I did stay fine. Would I still be competing? You know, because I never saw myself competing as a master's lifter, and this is not cracking on master's lifters at all. You know, I always wanted to enter the open divisions and be the best open lifter. And that's kind of how I rated my progress. You know, I had my own numbers. Yes, I wanted to be better than my old self. That's the main competitive purpose. But I still want to know where I'm at. Like every year, I want to kind of move up, you know, that, that ranking, that pecking order, just a little bit. You know, I didn't know if I was ever going to be good enough to be at the top, but let's find out. Yeah. You know, let's find out. And I couldn't see working down that open list. And of course, the way Louie was, you know, there is no such thing as anything outside of the open category. So it's like, you know, you guys don't compete as submasters. You don't compete as whatever the hell it was. And so I never really saw that. But if the shoulder didn't put me out, I probably would still be competing. Probably. Yeah, I was probably. I was like, you know, don't quit until they have to quit. Yeah, and I probably wouldn't be sitting here talking to you. Probably would have this company. I wouldn't be married. I wouldn't be seeing my kids. Who knows what would have wouldn't have happened. But, you know, it's something we don't teach very well. We don't teach two things about it. One, we don't, we don't, what the comment that I was going to make is we don't teach how to see it coming and plan for it. Right? It's always, it's always, we don't tell people how to get ready for that shock of not sign enough for the next meet. There's no exit plan. No exit plan, right? And then the second thing is there's no, what's after power lifting plan? What's after football plan? What's after whatever plan? And I had read about that quite a bit in all these mental books that I read about sport and they always say how tough it is for all these athletes after they're done. They win the gold medal and that's great. They're the best and they're 28 years old. They have no plan for what comes next. I can't frame them up. Does that on my hands? Strong like a tree. There's no trust in. Oh, I've been running from the law.