And you speak in the risk and rewards associated with lifting? Yeah. And this isn't just lifting again, all these things can apply to sports and can apply to everything else. There's a risk reward ratio to everything. And you hear people talk about it all this time. And it's become part of normal dialogue. You have to get comfortable being uncomfortable. We're not like that means because I never really understood that one because if you become comfortable, then you're not uncomfortable. It just doesn't make sense to me as far as how that whole things put together. But what I do know is when people do think about risk reward, they never look at the risk, seriously. It's like, OK, here's what the reward can be. And they're all about that. But they'll look at the risk and say, OK, here's all the things that could potentially happen, but not to me. Or I'm going to minimize all the risks. And that's fair. That's what we all do. You all want to minimize the risk. But the word minimize does not mean eliminating all of the risks. So there's a reason why there's the word risk and the word reward. There's always that price. And God forbid, you don't have to pay the price. But don't act like you didn't know what it was. Don't do something for several years. And 10 years, 20 years or whatever. What is this like, fuck, I didn't know. What do you mean you didn't know? You didn't know that this could be a potential risk. And in all cases, the people will tell me, well, yeah, I did, but what you didn't think it would happen to you. So you really didn't look at the risk reward. Because if you want to get rid of every risk associated with whatever activity you're doing, don't do it. Simple. Don't do it. Yes, you definitely want to minimize it. And that's not what I'm talking about. When I'm talking about is when it's a risk reward, you have to think about it. And understand that this is something that you're willing to erode your willing to go down, knowing that this is a potential impact of that. It's a potential result. That's an iron side effect. I don't know where to really look for risk. It's a potential risk. In business, we learn a little bit differently because the risk rewards always associate with the financial aspect. So it's like, OK, if we do this, what's the risk? Well, we lose everything. Fuck. Do we really want to do this? Or do we want to do this? So I'm going to do it. But it's there. And there's some things that you can do in business where you're not going to lose everything. You know that worst case scenario, you're not going to lose every dollar that you have in the bank. The worst case scenario. And that I don't think is what people look at if they make a decision to embark on a sport, a career, whatever it's going to be. They don't look at the risk from this standpoint of what is the worst thing that could happen in a mile, OK with it. In my OK if I'm not 1%. Here's the tricky thing with that is. No, I'm not OK if I'm OK. You don't do it. But on the other end of the coin, are you OK if you're going to be that 1% that gets the maximum benefit over and above everybody else? Of course, everybody is. So that's a balance. So it's something that I guess I learned very, very early on is with that. And it's probably one of the reasons why I don't have any real regrets except maybe except one. But that's it. And I even knew what I even knew the risk of the regret that I did earn from that is knowing that. And yeah, I fallen on the short end of that risk reward. So I was, I'm fucking OK with it because I knew this was something that could happen. But I'm not going to sit and say, fuck, holy me, I can't believe. But that I can't believe. You just, I don't get it. So from that standpoint, I think it's more an internal dialogue that needs to be expanded upon instead of ignored. And what would you call it when you don't pay attention to it in different, I think what most people really are is, they don't necessarily ignore it. They're just indifferent. They don't even think about it. And that's the biggest thing about being in different. That's the ultimate not given a fucking. Because you really don't give a fucking, they don't even know what it is. So I think if there's some cognitive to thought about that, then if that time comes to where you have to pay that price, you're going to be OK with that. And then you won't be asking the questions. Such as, you know, why did this happen to me? And all this kind of stuff. It doesn't matter. It's just pulled the shoulder and other sticks. Somebody has to pull the biggest step. Somebody's got to pull the shorter one. It's the name of the game. I can't frame the mud. Does that on my hands? Strow like a tree. This will trust in. Oh, I've been running from the Lord.