And all I remember is afterwards, I had my shirt off and the movie came over and asked me how I was. I don't know, my peck feels a little weird. And my entire peck was underneath the nipple. I mean, there was nothing above the nipple at all. And he told me, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, what was the worst injury I suffered as a power lifter? ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, Wow. You know, as I'm sitting here. You know, the only thing that's going through my head right now, is what injury set me back the most? You know, what injury did I have to stop training for the longest. It has nothing to do with what set me back, like what hurt my lock out or what hurt my my squad or what spun into the next injury. The only thing going through my mind is which one kept me out of the gym the most. That's kind of fucked up. Because it shouldn't be the answer or the advice to the answer that I'm going to give. The one that kept me out the most is when I ruptured my left pack tendon and out of the humerus and it was actually out of the humerus and I'm also the tendon was detached from both ends. So they had to screw it in one sutured and the other and ed sucked. The pack fell underneath the nipple. It happened. It was actually before I came to West Side and Louie was at the meat and I came down actually. I was training with them a little bit at the time. So I came down to lift and it was the Columbus Powell bench meat. So I came down and I bench with those guys and packed tour. About three quarters and walk out, barking down and about took my head off. But don't remember that. All I remember is afterwards I had my shirt off and Louie came over and asked me how I was. I don't know. My pack feels a little weird and I flexed and my entire pack was underneath the nipple. I mean there was nothing above the nipple at all. And he told me, you know, you just pull it and I pulled it. This shouldn't ain't there no more. And I still in college at the time. So I went back to school and went to the school nurse because I found out after a week that I could do like machine crap. I could do some pressing to pick was huge by the way. I mean it didn't bleed. It didn't get black and blue. It didn't bruise. But it was twice the size it ever was. So it was actually kind of cool. But I could not get the bar out of the rack to bench. You know, I could do a seated press and that was fine but I could not for the life of me pulled out bar out of the rack. And it went on for a couple weeks until I went to see the school nurse because I figured, you know, like anything else, I would just get better. And she told me I pulled it. I'm like, you're fucking kidding me. I mean half the pack is gone and everybody's telling me I pulled it. And I think they were all kind of thrown off base because they did not get black and blue. It didn't bruise. There was nothing, no discoloration at all. It was just screwed up. It just was all under my nipple. And then soon after I graduated two, three weeks later and then moved to Columbus. And then when I got to Columbus, I wanted to see a doctor holds off with a surgeon here in town. And he looked at it and immediately told me the tendon was tore. Did the MRI x-rays to make sure and told me that the tendon came completely out, that the muscle had rolled down. The way it was explained to me at the time in the way I understand it as tendons don't bleed. So there was no torn muscle of the tendon which just got in that the success rate of coming back from having a pack tear like that was not good. But he was willing to go back and screw it back in because there was something to actually attach back in there. It was probably six weeks later. So a lot of the packet already began to scar down on itself that was rolled down. So the best he could do was to stretch the pack out and screw it back in. But that put me into sling for supposed to be eight weeks. I think it was two and then right back. As soon as I could, back at West side, the issue with that was, well there were two things. The doctor told me I never benched 400 again which kind of fucked with my head for a while. And once I found out that wasn't true because I did bench way more than that. The issue I had with that one was the scar tissue kept tearing back off. So within the 12 months of that surgery, I think I was back in his office eight times because I thought I retore the tendon and what was happening is we kept breaking off the scar tissue. And so there was a lot of, there was a big learning curve there as far as how to train for me. How to train around pack injuries. The hours and hours of conversations with Louie trying to figure out how to work around this. Because the pack essentially is, it was not going to work. And so the technical changes that we had to make, I moved from a thumb grip to a thumbless grip. I wanted to have really insane elbow tucked position. I did everything that we could do to get my packs entirely out of the motion and put everything. It basically took the chest completely out and made the bench press and shoulder rotation, and tried some extension, which were able to do over the period of 12 to 16 months. And then it up, bench and you know, 540 raw. And then 610 with the shirt or something like that. So that was the worst one because that fucking scar tissue. And because every time it would go, it was at least missing one bench workout after it happened. And then one or two, another seven days of slight rehab. If I tore it, I could tear it, the scar tissue, a month out from a meeting still do the meeting, be fine. But if it happened three weeks out from a meet, I was screwed. I had to go the meeting bench one, 35, it wasn't enough time. So it wasn't so much a matter of, I knew it was going to happen. It was trying to figure out how to make it not happen right before the meet. In a year after that, we figured out how to make it never happen again, which is more than I wanted to spend time on this one video clip answer for. But it took a while and it took a lot of help and it took a lot of working with Louis to try to figure out how to hell. You can bench with really not using your packs. And a good doctor. I mean, it was a good doctor one to listen as well. But that was the worst, just because of the time frame. And all the reoccurrences that just sucked.