I'm busting his balls. There's too many untolds from what I just witnessed that I have to know. For instance, how do you wipe your ass? If you can't get your own shirt off and you can't put your pants on, from the front, you can't put your pants on. There's no way in hell you're reaching behind a wipe your ass. So he proceeds to tell me that, you know, what is my best fat man's story? Wow, there's so many. Oh, man, when learned I had some classics. Let me step back and first say that, you know, for me to, for me to weigh 300 pounds, it wasn't easy. It was very hard. I had a force feed like you can't believe. I mean, it was awful, it was terrible. It was something I never, ever wanted to do again. It just sucked. So it was uncomfortable. So I mean, all the things that you read now, not being able to tie your shoes, and that's all normal. I mean, to this day, I still don't have my shoes tied. You do the side knot thing, you just slip your feet and the shoes. You don't have to worry about tying it. But probably the best story that I have is when the company was on Main Street here in town. I mean, the office was a dump. It was a dump. It was terrible. I mean, the sewage was terrible. Every time it rained, you know, gym myself, Chris, Tracy, really. Oh, no, because we knew that it was the sewage. It was just going to start backing up in the warehouse and it's a dump. And this place wasn't very big. The office area, if they went to call it that, might have been 400 square feet. And there was cubicles that we had in there. And there was one day where I was sitting, typing an article. And I can't remember what it was. And I looked down on my keyboard, but just stopped. It was just full sweat. And I started laughing. You know, and so I am yelling over the cubicle, you know, a one letter that I can't even type because my sweating so damn bad. The keyboard is just slipping all over the place. And so then we sat down. And I started writing an article on like 21 reasons why you should be fat. It was for teenager. It's still out there somewhere. And we sat down. We just started talking about the shit that we do. And for instance, you know, we realized that we couldn't even walk across the 400 square foot office without stopping and leaning on something. You know, we're breathing hard. And then he reminds me of a time that I walked outside, which was literally maybe 15 yards. And left my keys in the office. And then called the office to have somebody bring the keys out to me. And the stupid shit like that is the funniest stuff. You know, the low backpumps. You know, they just never went away. The pictures, you know, the pictures are classic. Because you take a picture and you're like, oh my god, you know, that's me. You know, your head looks like a friggin balloon. And, you know, your hands. You know, they look like shrek. And so I don't know if I have any one, like, definitive fat guy story because there's so many that kind of go along with it. But I mean, you can't wipe your ass. I mean, there's just, there's so many. I got one for here. Here you go. Here's a good one. Here's this is awesome. But I'm not going to mention the guy's name, but this is the best fat man story I've ever had in my life and it wasn't even me. I get tickets to a professional football and NFL game. And it happened to be a team that one of the guys I was lifting with at the time was just a huge fan of. So, okay, we'll go. So, I tell him he's super excited about this. And this dude's huge. I mean, just giant huge. Just super huge. You know, well over 350 huge. And so we go to meet the coach and we're inside this whole time. We're in like a hotel that's attached to them all. So, we are inside the whole time and it's cold outside. It's like fall. It's football season. So it's 50 degrees or something. I'm actually cold and I'm 300 pounds. I kind of wish and I had a jacket. And the guy I was with inside with the air condition is just sweating like hell. I just pouring. And we have to go from the hotel across the mall. Now, it was all the way across the mall. We're talking quite a bit of distance here. Like 100 yards. You know, so we had to walk 100 yards. By the time he sits down and I got a strength coach with me. You know, a strength and conditioning coach with me. By the time he sits down, he is just his whole shirt. And it was gray. Was full of sweat. There was zero, non-sweat pieces on this shirt anywhere. The waitress comes and hands him a stock in napkins that are about five inches tall. And he just starts wiping himself down. It's not working. She comes back with a freaking towel. So you bring some back a cold towel. The strength coach just has this look on his face that is unbelievable. It was classic to watch. And my friend, who I brought with me is huge fan of the team. So he's asking about all the players. And I'm oblivious to all this shit out and all any of the players. I don't know any of this stuff. And I'm just there kind of for him, you know, because he loved the team. There was a game. So we go back to the hotel room. And I forgot to add the other part. We go back to the hotel room. And he's just stopped. And he can't get a shirt off. Because now it's so wet. And it's so stock to his body. He can't get it off. So he needs me to help it. I don't want to grab that messy shit. You know, so I did what any friend would do. I helped him get out of the shirt. And it was so freaking wet. If I wanted to, I could have taken and drained water out. So I just threw it in a kitchen sink. And so then we're in there with the coach. And I can't believe everything that I've witnessed up to this point so far. And I've been training with the guy for two, two, three years. Before we left, he couldn't put his pants on. Because he was wearing jean shorts. He couldn't fasten the freaking jean, the buckle or whatever. You know, whatever it is, the buckle. You know, the jean's because his belly was in the way. And he couldn't see it. So I had to help him put his freaking pants on. Which was the first part of my WTF, you know, weekend of this. So we get back in the coaches there. And I'm, I'm prime at this point. I'm busting his balls. You know, there's, there's too many untolds from what I just witnessed that I have to know. For instance, how do you wipe your ass? You know, if you can't get your own shirt off and you can't put your pants on. From the front, you can't put your pants on. There's no way in hell. You're reaching behind a wipe your ass. So he proceeds to tell me that, you know, his wife just has him assumed the position. So he gets against the wall like a cop would have somebody put their hands against a squat car. And then just, you know, uses the baby wipes and claims and a lot of them. I'm laughing so hard because I know what's true. You know, and the coach is sitting there. He doesn't know what to think. You know, so I keep bombarding him with questions. Like, you know, how do you, how do you that satch? You know, all these other questions to try to figure out how do you even survive? You know, I understand how you can squat bench and deadlift. I see that all the time, but how do you just get through life on a normal day? Because this is extremely intriguing. And it was also a really good indicator to me that I was not going to ever weigh over 312 pounds. Because that was some freaking miserable shit. And then he's got to spend the next half hour, you know, taking his, I just went medication and getting his CPAP set up. And all this other kind of stuff. And so the first time I ever saw a CPAP machine, didn't even know what the hell it was. So he's explaining to me how he needs this machine to sleep. Otherwise he'll die in his sleep. So he's so big and fatty is going to die when he sleeps. We finally make it to the football stadium. And then we find out that we're, you know, most people will love this, by the way. We find out that we have what they call it. We're on the field, you know, so we don't have stadium seats. We are on the sidelines. And the first thing we think to ourselves is, oh, this sucks. We got to stand this whole time. So we're standing there the whole time and he's just sweating. And, you know, unfortunately he walks in, wearing the visitors t-shirt. And he walks in on the home. We walk in in the home side part of the stadium. So he's getting pelted with, you know, cups and all kinds of shit is he's walking around. And then all the players, you know, obviously winning that who the hell he is. So it was, it was a funny experience when it was all said and done, but that's probably the best fat man to ever had. Because I, I've never laughed so hard that I cried for an entire weekend about that one. Oh my god, it was funnier now. Oh, you're so fucking fat.