This fucking question never goes away, ever. It's amazing to me. It's fucking absolutely amazing to me. This is a long question that can kind of be summarized by saying that I'm being asked if certain programs, or this individual is being told by other coaches who I assume probably sell programs, by the way, that other programs are only made in design for lifters who are on steroids. So they shouldn't do those programs if they're natural because those programs are made for people who take steroids. This fucking question never goes away, ever. It's amazing to me. It's fucking absolutely amazing to me. Because I have seen programs over the years be labeled as don't do this program, let's say program acts. Don't do program acts because program acts is only made for people who take fucking steroids. If in ten years later there's program Y, don't take program Y because that's only made for people who are on steroids. If you're drug free you need to do program X, the fuck is that about? You know, I have yet to see a program designed that says this program is designed for people on steroids. I've never seen it. It's amazing to me because when you look at the strength industry as a whole, you're looking at the force instead of the tree, the majority of all lifters are natural. So if there is a program that bubbles to the top is being a popular program or a successful program, the only way a bubble to the top of the forest is because it's fucking worked. There's not enough people taking steroids to bubble a program to the top of the forest. I don't see how people miss that. You know, do people actually think that everybody who lifts weights takes steroids? It's fucking ludicrous. It's insane to even think about. So just use some common sense and think about this for a little bit. You know, it wouldn't be a popular program if it only worked for steroids or with people who took steroids. It's crazy to me. You know, it's, I'm like always speechless when I hear shit like this. You know, it's one guy is way to try to justify it that their program is going to work better than somebody else's program, because they're going to say that their program is made for people who are drug free. Question to them. What if one of their clients was on steroids? What would they change about their program? Please post your answer in YouTube Instagram or wherever the fuck this video shows up. Because I want to know what you would change in your nanny program if you had a client who was on shit. What works and what's popular is always going to be what bubbles up to the top. Steroids, or not, bottom of it.