So we thought we thought you wanted to begin by wanting to get into this. So obviously in the 2000s gear became a huge and multi-fly and so much gear. And who was it? Someone told me recently they said World Record Squad, 1200 or some of certain numbers. And you came out and said, hey nice squad, I considered it high. And I walked away and they got a laugh. But obviously the sport has come back. I would say that if they asked, but I would not lie. It was a friend yours. I don't remember who he appreciated it. But the sport obviously has come full circle. You've never got heavy into the gear. I didn't feel comfortable. My squad was the compensatory celebration. I had to have a little bit more speed going down and control. And I liked that part of it. And too much gear. I couldn't do that. And I enjoyed walking it out. I thought that was part of the left part of being strong. And then they started taking that away from it. And it just wasn't me. It wasn't me. I've been telling the other staff, we have two monoliths in our gym. So don't hate it. I have a monolith in the gym where I train. I still walk it out. All right. As long as you don't hate us when you show up and we have those two monoliths sitting on. Oh, hell no. Because most of our lifters do use the monolith, but they walk it out. They just like to convenient stuff and go and up and down. Yeah. Yeah. And I'll bet what you want. Yes. There are coach people that were multi-ply out here. That's not my thing. I mean, because when I came in this sport, that's really your only option was gear. Yeah. Especially if you are in Ohio, where are you? Yeah. Yeah. I'm right on the border of Pennsylvania, Ohio. So for me, you know, west side, control everything. And if you are multi-ply, why do you place in your time listening? Oh, yeah. You weren't even invited the gym a much of guys. Yeah. And I've come back where I'm doing the front row just honestly, my age. Yeah. Yeah. It's fun right now when I do my thing. But I'll be obviously the most humbling things. The numbers start to go down. Yeah. And that's like you said, you've got to go point where you for you. You said, I'm not going to be as high as the water. You're not going to be as high as the water. You're learning really fast. The gravity and gravity don't cheat. You're not going to be as high as the water.