You need a giant ego if you're going to lift big weights if you're going to be on the top of the heap of any sport, bodybuilding, whatever it is, you need a super ego. Everybody you need to be selfish as blocking you to a super ego. So that kind of comes with the terror. I'm not giving people permission to do that. I'm just stating the fact that I know from that. It does not drive well in business and relationships and other shit. And that's where I've been very vocal about my biggest regret through all this is how I treated my wife while I was still competing without a doubt 100%. Only regret I have. That's it. No other regret. That's it. And it was fucked up and it was wrong. I can't change it. I'll spend the rest of my life trying to make that back and make that better. That aspect is never going to carry over well. It's just not. And if those people can't, there are a lot of people that were great, great athletes and different disciplines and they still have the giant ego but they're not the ones that are holding the meetings and their companies and they're not the CEOs. They're more figurehead that people know. This is an arrogant fuck. This is the way it is and it's okay. All those other attributes that you learn in the gym, they carry over to everything. So even if they're not a great lifter, they're still the discipline. There's the consistency. There's kind of behind all the extremeness. There is a healthy lifestyle. Under that, down here at this layer, we're all this layer is really unhealthy but down here. For that, GPP, conditioning, looking at what you're eating, all that stuff. It's all there. It's just pointed out later as little hard. I have a question about that. You go think that you just mentioned. And obviously you have decades of seeing these top level athletes kill these massive weights and you've noticed a trend of them having a big ego. Do you think of these individuals are aware of that danger? They're aware of, you don't think it's possible to not have a big ego and still be with a tack those things. I think it's a big enough ego. They're not going to be aware. Because the self-awareness is not going to come with a big ego. It's just the way it is. And if they are aware that they don't have the ego, it's not that it's not there. Because trust me, the people that I'm talking about, they don't know. They might, but they don't give a fuck about it. They'll deal with the consequences later. Right now there's a fucking meeting six months. Or think of this what it is. You can get stuck in it. If there's a problem with it, I don't think the problem is it. I think the problem is you get stuck in it. Then when you're really, it's like the stages of denial or stages of death. There's this whole fucked up phase where you're really done, but you don't know you're done, but you still think you're going to keep going. But with that, aside from the competitive and all that stuff, your mind is still the person that started doing that. To all those people around you, you're still the same fuck that they've been dealing with for five or six years. And they're like, when's this going to be over? Like, this is what J.L. Describe to us today. J.L. Holdsworth was describing us today. He had an ego. He didn't know any other way to deal with stuff other than like punch people in the face. Yeah, his was huge. And if you're training with it and you're working with it, you have you embrace it. It's like an innocence that you don't want to see somebody fuck up because that's required. Now you don't want to see them do shit like punch people in the face. Only because if they break their hand, they can't bench. You've got to, this is how you've got to explain it to these people. If you go out and get, you know, in a fight and you and J.L. And squat on Friday and you missed the squat where then the fuck I ain't going out. If I'm going to miss the squat work, I'll go out on Friday night after I squat. So those are the consequences. The real consequences aren't what a normal person is going to see. The real consequences are you're going to fuck up your squat work. I only got eight of them left before the meet. I'm saying, oh shit, I can't do that. So yeah, but he was one that, and I've known J. He's been a really good friend of mine for a long time. He's one that it took a long time for him to shed that and it had to happen in layers. Over a period of time and there had to be a little self-awareness and then acceptance of it. That's a big part too because with that, there's a lot of things that you're going to regret. I have one giant one that the other ones I've just come to turn and fucking I'm fine with it. But you've got to deal with those. You've got to accept them. You can't accept them. You're going to fight them. He's come a long way. J.L. is come a really long way. It's impressive. Yeah, he's come a long way from when he was crazy. He's crazy. Crazy. I can't find a man. Dissert on my hands. Strong like a tree. There's roots right there. Oh, I've been running from the law.