It's going on guys, Jordan Schallet here with the lead FDS. We're going to go over a quick bicep exercise variation that most powerlifts should be doing. It's kind of in reference to an article I wrote about training the bicep and my coach's log. Now, a lot of times we sort of glass over biceps as a potential contributor to building our total. Now, not getting injured is probably one of the best ways long-term to build our total. The amount of elbow and shoulder pain that powerlifts your experience with bench press and low-warsquadding, training, thinking of not the muscles that cross each one, but thinking of training the joint, training the shoulder, training the elbow and a variation of the bicep crew on an incline is a great way to do that with the pistol bicep ruptures being prevalent in the underhand grip. On a deadlift and then bicep proxmole issues being prevalent with extension of the shoulder in the low bar squat position, being specific with some of our supplemental movements like a bicep curl, which might not directly carry over to strengthen your main lifts. Can have an effect in increasing the amount of shoulder extension promoting more and externally rotated shoulder with a supinated grip and then building strength in the bicep where we know it to be weak in a fully length of position. So a couple key takeaways. When going through an incline bicep curl is we don't want to keep the shoulders rolled forward. A lot of people sit on the bench and they roll the shoulders forward. We're trying to create the greatest amount of length in distance, purposely disadvantaged the bicep. So think about retraction and depression of the shoulder blades creating the greatest amount of extension. Now when I turn this palm open I'm not doing this from the wrist. I want to do this from the shoulder. So work on external rotation of the shoulder to get the supination of that wrist as an expression of movement of the shoulder. So we're going to retract and repress the shoulder blades. So we're going to turn on the shoulder blades to rotate the shoulders. Have the palms facing the ceiling. Now we're in a fully length and position of the bicep. Now from here what we want to do is initiate the curl in this position. So now we have a lot of stretch through the bicep at the elbow and a lot of stretch through the bicep. It crosses the shoulder. It attaches onto the scapula and the cork or cross is the scapula and the super glenoid tubercle. So it's a reference in the article. So rather than just doing arbitrary bicep work we make something at the little bit more plain specific. So when we get under a bar next week all we really need to do is take this relative extension and put our hand up on the bar like that. So being real specific will help hopefully mitigate risk of injury as we move into a competition prep and have to be in a low bar squat and competition bench within the same training. Alright guys if you've been I had a stupid shit. Alright guys make sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel selecting notifications but also keep in mind we do have a website. It's the leadfts.com. On our website we put up two new articles every single day, seven days a week. We also have training logs that are updated daily. So team blogs which are updated daily are kind of history of over a million Q&As that are on the website. So check out our website also check out our Instagram which is at elite fts and my personal Instagram which is at under the bar as we're always putting new content there as well. So check them all out because we have different content on all different channels. I can't from the moon. Does that on my hands? Just throw like a tree. There's roots right there. Oh I've been running from the law.