Which we're in Houser and Steve Coles got here for Lead FES, we're here with our friend Arnald. At Veterans Memorial for the XBC's Day 2, this is the last time it will be held here at Veterans. And yesterday we had Dave Kirschen and Adam Driggers compete. Also friends of the team at Casal and McMahon, they had pretty good days. We're about to go inside and today we've got Clint Smith, Brian Carroll, and Chad Walker competing. We're going to be in the next round. I'm here with Chad Walker, we just finished up squats here at the XBC chat test. Just a little bit about how this morning went for you. Not as planned. Missed my first attempt at 1065. Wait for a good on my back. I ended up losing it at top tipping backwards. I've got no good excuse for it. Took my second. Same weight just to be smart and getting the meat. Got a little problem. Got a little couple tips from the guys. Just keeping my head up, staying tight. Just normal cues that we could give each other. And then I took 1100, which is 7 pounds under my vest. Just to increase my total trying to be smart. And then that when I lost in the hole, just lost it. No real good excuse. So what's your playing going into the bench press this afternoon? My opener is 750. I'm just going to work on getting it in. Alright good luck, Chad. I'm here with Brian here at the XBCs. We just finished up squatting this morning. Brian tells a little bit about how this morning went for you. It went terrible actually. Now it went in that bad. First meat back in the year after a full seven months of rehab last year, I didn't pick up training to about September. I'm just happy to be here and be in one piece. Open up with the conservative 1070. How you doing? 1070. And it went pretty good. Had a couple unraq issues with the platform being a little soft. Went up to what I thought would be a conservative 1135. And I had all kinds of issues setting up. It's on me, but luckily I'm still in a good position to place in the top three. If getting yarn Bosch seemed to have injured his knee. There's a Brit 242 that's watered a thousand. So I got a little bit of a cushion. The way the coefficient works is I need to be about 100 pounds above a class below me. Give her take 30 pounds of body weight. And the same for someone above me. I have to be within a hundred. 30 pounds or so. 30 pounds of body weight, 100 pounds of on the total. Basically. So not too bad. So no one where you stand with everybody else. What's your plan going into the bench this afternoon? Well as you see, there's some casualties on the squat with people. Like I got it yesterday, people will be open up with ridiculous amounts of weight. And they'll be going home early. And that's speaking from experience, not just saying. So I'm in a good position right now. I think I'm leading going into the bench. The bench has been a strong point. So the game plan has be conservative on the bench and then go to what I need to went on the deadlift. But you can't win it on the bench. So you wait. Do your thing and then pull for the win at the end of the meet and not get ahead of yourself. Good afternoon Brian. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, we're here with Clint Smith. The bench on the second day just finished up was not a great day for you Clint. Tell us what happened. How zag hopán do you have the chance actually you're going to touch up? I'm not sure. go re-enforces what I've known and goes to show that you know you're training and goes smooth as possible and you might not put it together on the day of the meat and I've had other meats where my training was crap but I perform well on the day of the meat and ended up doing fairly well so you can't preparation is a lot of it but it's not all of it and you gotta remember that. So is it safe to say that you're going to go into the gym kind of fired up to hit it at the next meat. Actually you know I think I'm going to take a break you know always training but and then figure out what I want to do but right now I kind of got a bad taste in my mouth for multi-ply and I'm thinking I might you know do a single or a raw or something we'll see I mean nothing's installed but I'm not sure okay thanks for talking us okay we had to come back stage to catch Chad he had a legendary bench it took you a couple times to get it but you popped up 750 it was a struggle how that feel. It sucked it's heavy miss my first two my first shirt I wore I wasn't close to touching in I guess I just wasn't broken yet the second shirt I actually borrowed from Josh McMillan who drove down from Michigan so I never go wore that one before and it turned out working out pretty well I just have an issue touching it since I didn't get a chance to warm up and then it wasn't seated properly for my second attempt I took the same weight of 750 for a third and was able to make it work I was under the bar for quite a while just due to technicalities in my form but I made it work so what's the strategy going into the pull pull. Get my opener and from there just see where we're at pull big nice job. Okay we want you a little bit of a wrap up after the meet first off we want to talk to Brian about you chose to go with the token lift tell us what brought that decision on. The back was actually feeling good after the squat I passed my third attempt to save a little more of a strategy thing going into the bench in the deadlift because one of the key lifters you're getting arm Bosch ended up hurting his knees so he was out. He actually went really well I benched 825 a small PR passed my third against strategy the issue was my back was a little locked up from the bench and so instead of possibly re-engineering myself I decided to pass I guess the the disk is a little irritated so some nerves flared up but it hurt to try to even reach down for the bar so I decided to go with the token even though the wind for the overall was going to require a 700 deadlift which is 85% of my best pull ever so it hurts the ego a little bit but you got to be smart as you get older and so I took a token 145 and wrapped it up and called her today. Okay and you'll live to fight another day Dave let's talk about the team in general the day one we had some success day two kind of off and on. I don't I wouldn't say if it was really off and on I say we had success on both days because there's always something to learn as you said you always lived to fight another day you know me and Brian were discussed some before you came over you know different strategies and options on how to avoid this type of thing from happening in the future same type of conversations are going to happen with Chad with the bench press and Clint and who am I? Absolutely you know possibly add on you know this this is more of a time to when you're a lifter and you compete you know it's more of a time to regroup and think of what's next you know and start planning that direction instead of I don't think anybody is ever content with what they do or what they didn't do so and it's funny when you came up when you did because that's exactly what we were talking about one thing I'd like to do before wrapping this up is bring Ria over here oh yeah right here right here because when I'd like to do is to make sure because I don't think we do this enough that we think you know the wives and the girlfriends of the sponsors that we do support because you guys have to put up with these guys more than what we do or they have to each other and if it wasn't for you guys they wouldn't be able to do what they do so thank you and thank all the other girlfriends and wives of all our sponsors thanks everybody