Steve Polzkaad here for leadfts.com. I'm talking to two new trucks athletes. We have IFBB Pro, ZECON, and IFBB Pro, Mark Dougdale. Thanks for coming. Bye guys. Okay, this time we're going to be talking about training. So ZEC, take us back to you. You started out with a boxer. When you switched over to bodybuilding, what was your training like initially? You know, when you first start off training, you don't know much about all the different body parts and all the different exercises. The only thing you know is, I train chest and train arms. You know, because there's only two muscles, you see in a teacher, what attracts girls. I'm telling you, so you started noticing, you have to make sure, so the beach, you got skinny chicken legs. You have to jump in and squat right. You know, like I said, everybody makes some mistakes with a newbie. You train your chest first and you train your arms and you, so on. So you're going to show it as it is and legs of whatever. And you know, after a week you start asking people for advice. And sometimes, you know, it's hard to get this advice in them days because, you know, when I started off, internet was just, just came online and basically, you know, you are to look in magazines and wait three months for a competition results and so and so. And it's like now everything's so like online, you know, just try to do anything on Google. You'll find out what you need. You know, when people ask me for advice, I just think to myself, like, what future I eat, what should I show? I train on this day. I don't even know the internet in front of you. Just try to end it. You'll find out the answers. You asked them different body parts, what they do and what they eat and what they train. And they're going to give you 10 different routines and 10 different diets, you know. So there's no one right way of doing it. So you just go to bed that you might have to fight out. What your body requires, how much calories, what type of training your body responds to. It's all trial and error. What was that early gym like? Sorry. That early gym that you first went to. Yeah, I would say it's just a normal gym for college kids and stuff like this. You know, you had a bed, one bed, you had a squat, right? You had a lot of shame, a few dumbbells, you know, was there anything fantastic like this? It's just a basics. Okay. It's also about your back. You got a little sound like you a little bit more guidance from the start. Yeah. My uncle, I called him out of the police radio, my cousin gave me work out routine, John Berkholder, gave me a few things. Actually, my uncle gave me a book by John Perrello with a lot of exercises in diets and such. I followed some of that. But ultimately because Dorian was the first guy I saw. At the first contest I went to. I started following him, got his book, read the magazines, looked at his routines. And I was, I was the head disciple from then on. And I trained that way, you know, all the way through, you know, like really 30s. And you went in one of your videos. It's pretty interesting. You go out and train with Dorian, what was that experience like? Yeah. I flew to England and got food poisoning somewhere that they before. It got sick basically as I got on the plane. And it was so sick. I didn't even think I was going to be able to work out. But thankfully, we were able to get in and make four workouts. In the last three days or whatever that I was there. And I mean, it was awesome. It was the type of training that I do because I followed Dorian. But I had him, you know, yelling at me. And, you know, it doesn't matter whether you're sick or not. You're going to work out. I'll train at Temple Jim with Dorian, 80 on a year. You're going to have to work out. So he was my hero, you know, getting into the game. So to get to go do that was a highlight. I've been out to Temple Jim and it's a pretty hardcore place. What would you guys say? The difference is between US and Jim's and the UK. I think you were a lot of mainstream Jim's, you know, they're a lot of big Jim's. And the clear to for a lot of different athletes. And the UK really had to go out like small hardcore Jim's. You know, Dr. DeVy, all over the city. We got like fitness Jim. We haven't got like, like goals Jim or, you know, where's the creative of body builders as well as fitness athletes. As well as, you know, other athletes, you know, other sports. So it's like one of the other. Okay. Where you touch? I mean, the only Jim I trained at in outside the state was, okay, was Dorian's Jim. Which was obviously badass. I mean, I trained at Gold's Jim, but there's, you know, an LA fitness 24 hour fitness. All of it. We walk in this since practically. So yeah, I think more health club type, environment. My Gold's pretty cool. I mean, they let me bring in my chains that I got from lead up to yes. My bands and lead them at the gym and my safety squad bar. I believe that. Yeah, that'd be hard to carry. Yeah, so they're pretty cool there. And I also have a member of a place called East Side Gym. And it's small. You speak mostly power lifters. I got a key so I ain't going to work out early before Gold's so. So I kind of bounce back and forth between those two. Okay. Let's talk about some of the basics of your program. And most of what we'll take it from the off season. How many days a week do you train? 40-3. Okay. And how do you break it up? I want you to say first they'll find it. But what do they do? Licks. And cause. And choose their own do. Chest and triceps. Wednesday off. First they. But can by say it. And Friday. Deltoins, hamstrings. And cause again. Okay. What would you say the week areas in your training work? Yeah, my hamstrings are. That's why I said pretty good from the causes. I found out that training chords in hamstrings in the same day. Like I felt like I didn't have enough energy for training hamstrings hard. So I said pretty good. It's like going full force on my hamstrings. Okay. And what it kind of says approach is how do you change that set up? I don't change anything at all. The way I see this is that. We're training is to do muscle. We're training is not about. Do you know these different exercises and change your routine around? Because you know, so I've looked in different lines and different muscle areas and stuff. In genetics is your genetic make up of your muscles. You know, only thing that's going to be definition is cardio. Count yours for weight loss, weight training for building muscle. So don't try to confuse both of them. Like I see people in the gym and the last day. The longer in the gym and do more reps, thinking that. You know, it's going to help shape up the muscles different. Well, I just think that's just. Okay. It's also about your, uh, your weak, how do you break it up? I mean, I trained hit, like I said through early 30s. I mean, I think it was about 32 and I had elbow reps, wrist reps, and every joint hurt. And I was like, I just from pro. I'm going to have to wait. I'm like, yeah, I'm tore up. Um, and so I finally show it. And I started reading different, um, philosophies from different guys. I mean, when I did the 2009 Olympia, I followed a Christian pivot of program, um, which had like lactate, reducing type workout, certain stuff. Um, and, um, some Charles Paul quote stuff, Dr. M. Boland training, I tried that. It was like, every time I changed there was a benefit. But it quickly ran its course, and then I was kind of back where it was. Um, and then I finally met John. That was a year ago here, and he's programed all my workout since. Uh, we've actually worked up to right now in training seven days a week, which would have been blast for me. Um, we're going to kind of done it in my 20s even. Um, so as it is now, Monday, I trained legs heavy, um, Tuesday, and they, Justin Schulders, heavy Wednesday, back heavy Thursday, I do legs more light, explosive stuff, Friday, Justin Schulders, light explosive stuff again. Saturday, um, I subtracted some, uh, Sunday, I do back again, but more, um, time to exercise. Um, so yeah, that's seven days a week, I don't do cardio anymore. Um, and it's the intro workout nutrition that is a lifesaver. Without that, I would've never, I would've never said that that's even possible. Okay. How long does work at stake? The Monday leg workout is freaking brutal and takes, um, sometimes two hours. Um, the, the lighter workouts, like he, he programs it such that all the lighter ones that I mentioned, which second chest shoulders, second leg, second back are all optional, um, and weight to driven. I just cross out optional. Um, so, uh, those ones can take, you know, an hour, because you know, you banked you're a pretty quick, um, not a lot of rest time between sets and you're not moving super heavy weights. Um, legs is the longest, like I said, it could be two hours, the other ones, um, hour and a half, um, um, the lighter stuff and hour probably. Okay. And, uh, Zach, if you can tell me, uh, are there any techniques you use in your training? Are there any things you, do, do you do supersets? Do you use what type of rep ranges? How would you explain your training? So, the things we do first meeting to them to, like, always go as heavy as possible. And, uh, once some of the guys, maybe perhaps are kind of rest-posed and then go for it again. And then we two are superset here within the exercise, um, we free our door drops there. And then keep cycling, not way. Okay. Yeah. And how long are you working for a minute? About 40 minutes, 30 minutes, 30 minutes, small body parts. Okay. And is it a short, respirator between your set, sir? There is a new matrimer on and off on and off. Okay. It sounds a little bit like, um, if you look back here in the US, there's guys see Mahalec who trained a lot of the, a lot of these girls guys, and they would do a similar program, and it was a very fast pace. And a lot of the guys, I know they're trained under him, say that that helps them stay lean because they're just depleting their weight. And do you think that that might be true? Like I said, if you've got trained partner, you don't know how long you're going to rest for isn't it? So as soon as this turn is set and that's it. I think it's a bit more hard if you're training on your home because then you've got to time yourself. But like I said, basically, if you're doing a heavy set, you don't need a bit longer rest compared to the life, sir. So it doesn't really make much difference. Obviously, you've got to have your cardio, breast, and the goal, we're also doing cardio as well as my workouts, even in the off season. I can't do like 20 minutes before breakfast, we'll just get my metabolism going. Okay. Talk to us about your training program, what you're doing with John, in particular. It's everything. It's one week to the next, it's never the same. One workout to the next, it's never the same. I know he has a method to his madness and programs will run about 12 weeks. First two weeks kind of ramps up volume, and then you hit art in the last two weeks. You ramp back down, and then usually he'll say, take a couple weeks off, and I bet you have to just give you one week off. And then we're back out of it again. And I know he has, you know, getting me to explain it, would totally do it, it would be a total injustice. What are some of the more grueling things he said you do then? It's just a lot of volume. I mean, I came from doing like that, you know, you never work out longer than an hour. You know, one to two sets, per exercise a lot of times. And now it's like there's hardly ever. An exercise where you do less than four sets. So I would say the volume probably is the most difficult thing, but I guess what I appreciate the most about it is that I'm able to train hard or as harder than I did when I was in my 20s, but he doesn't such a way that it's safer meaning. You know, you totally destroy your legs with extensions and leg press or whatever, and then you squat last. So you're going to join some top tissues still. Yeah, and, you know, then push them 315 might feel like 500, you know, when your legs are totally destroyed. Chains, bands, things that take the weight off, you know, in the dangers on your, in that coming out of whole and squats or, you know, and all that stuff has helped. I mean, I don't wrap anything anymore. We're way, way about my training legs, but all my injuries and joint problems that I've had over the past are probably more. So it's fun to get the train balls out and not hold back and not have injuries too, so. Okay. I think a lot of that high intensity training with men's certain enduring or pushing it made a lot of sense ending the next evolution. But one of the thoughts with the high intensity training is that you have a limited recovery ability, but what we kind of know now is that that limit can be increased, which they didn't think of that before and the bill that prevailed. What would you guys say will take this to you? What are the biggest mistakes people make in their training program that you see? I don't know if a lot of it's done to fall and how often they train the thin body part, some of them think the more they train it the more the faster it gets, the more it gets. Mark, I see most body bill is just falling into a rut of doing the same workout, you know, like legs is always on Monday. They're matching programs and it's a lot of your doing magic. Yeah, you know, and they're just, I mean, I know because I did it. You stick to the same thing, you just grind yourself into the ground, not in a good way. And you have to change, you know, I mean, I think I just get complacent and lazy and you know, falling to a pattern and that's something like it and don't want to change. You think that? I just say. Absolutely.