Mark Watts, Jordan Houser, lead at PS.com. Today we're going to go our couple variations of the pull-up to make it more difficult. So, instead of just adding weight and adding rest, adding sets and just total volume, here's a couple way you can control the tempo and just some rest-posses to make it more difficult. So the first one we're going to talk about is a tempo pull-up. A couple of things you can do. He's just going to go ahead and use a wide grip, but it doesn't really matter. First thing you want to do is make sure that you're happening there. We're going to hang for three seconds. One, two, three. Come up as fast you can. Hold for three. One, two, three. Down for five. One, two, three, four, five. And then hold for three. So make sure again, in between each rep, the athlete is holding that. That will make sure that they're not using momentum. That will make sure they're fully extended. And make sure to use the upper back to initiate any movement. To make this more difficult, you can lengthen the time that you're counting for the negative. You can also lengthen the time for the pause as well. Second variation would be a segment of pull-up. Now this is where just going to pause it at certain ranges of the motion that we're doing. So again, I think it's going to go to just a neutral grip. So again, we're going to go halfway up for three, one, two, three. All the way up. One, two, three. Halfway down for three. One, two, three. And then all the way down. Same thing. So again, just segment it. Make sure pause and halfway up and all the way up. And that will just make sure that again we're increasing the time and attention. So the other, the third variation is just two different exercises for a basic one and a half. So again, we'll just demonstrate very similar to segment it. And now we're going to go ahead and do a half left or we're down and do a full rep. So again, one and a half breath. Very crucial component of just addressing some weak points. Again, just train-starts on a pulling loop a little bit different. So the other one will be same thing. One and a half now we're going to do a full rep. Come halfway down, come back on. So again, two variations of that one and a half breath. So try those out. Especially if you have a large group of athletes and you don't have a ways to add resistance. It just adding reds. Good night, Addoz. If you're assist, we'll see you on the one.