Mark Watts, Chuck Kimlin, elitefds.com. We're here at the S4 compound. We're going to go over today to mechanical drop sets for the bench press. Now these are going to be good, obviously, for high-purchase-butype work, not going to be any max-to-fo work, but a few-on-team environment. And a lot of times you struggle with athletes and getting some extra high-purchase-free work with different presses. This is one of those things they can do. A couple of things, these are both of these are beneficial for. Number one, there's not a lot of movement. Once you got an athlete on the bench, they can do the drop set and then they can do probably one, maybe two sets and they're done for the day. Secondly, because of the way that we're going to set these up, not a lot of changing in ways either. And there's going to have not be a lot of discrepancy between athletes as well, too, because you have some things built in that you can adjust. So what we're going to do is basically, one, two, three, four, and you can even say a five board press. Now, this is not new, we didn't invent these, but there's a couple of things that we do to help and give you a little bit of variety to adjust these to your athlete. So, all right, so Chuss is going to go ahead and lay down. And we're going to go through, now as far as bench press technique, we did a video on board pressing for athletes. And how it's just a little bit different then you're working for a pilot after working on your shirt, we'll put the link to that right here, Josh, put it like right here, so we'll have a link to that. So, all right, so we're going to go ahead and we'll start with the one board. Now, based on how you want to coach Chuss, when you're ready, Chuss is using one, 35, obviously with his strength, we'd adjust that, but for the most part, we're just going to do a board press. If you want your athletes to go ahead and pause each time, they can and come up. But what you're going to do is you're going to go ahead and go ahead, just do a couple more reps. And he's going to go ahead and do us anywhere between whatever you prescribe. So, go ahead and rack it up, give the athletes some rest. Now, here's the most important thing. If you have the athlete do as many as a possible can on the first set, what happens is you have a set of 14, then about 3s and 2s and 1s and 1s and 1s. So, sometimes what you can do is you can cap that first set. So, hey, we're going to do 5 or we're going to do a, we're going to do 10. And then we'll rack the weight. And when you're prescribed in reps, instead of saying as many reps as possible, for each board, you can just tell them to make sure that they're going to cap the 10. And then you can have that last set as a burnout set. So, go ahead, just do a couple more. And again, same thing. If you want the athlete to tap, that's fine. If you want the athletes to have a longer pause, that's okay too. But what we're doing is we're working up. Now, we're on the three boarded, it's foam of foot. Now, we're working on the three board. Right. And again, as the athlete gets more fatigued, we're working up to a less range of motion. Okay. Now, basically, with your athletes, if you have a difference in arm length, you might have some athletes only go with, only go with, we don't have four boarders go to two two's. So, you can have the athlete with the longer arms, maybe they go up to a five, maybe they don't. But again, as the athlete gets more fatigued, they're going to have less range of emotion. So, they're going to go ahead and work their way up. You can do with that as far as progressing, you can add weight for the set. If you have a rep cap, where they're going to stop at a certain total amount of reps, and you can basically work your way up with that with the amount of weight that's being used in the amount of reps as well. So, again, that's really easy. If you have a lot of athletes, obviously you're going to have a set of at least three to four athletes, and maybe you have a spotter, and someone watching the board. But again, someone with one working your way up to four or five, depending on the athlete, really good way to get some high-purchary work with a minimal amount of time, and not a lot of logistical concerns, because again, the athletes in one place with one set of reps not changing any weights for that set. So, give that a try.