This is Dave Tate with a special edition of Table Talk. This is a special edition because this is filmed outside of the order of all the other table talks that have already done that are waiting in archive to be published. The reason I'm doing this one is instead of doing a social media tip of the week, I decided just to knock out this question from Adam instead. So Adam's got a two-part question here. In the first part is on a technical level, what is the favorite training template that I've ever used or the scheme or method? With that, it should be pretty cut and dry that. For me for strength, it's a concurrent or a conjugated type of training system. I personally feel that when done properly, that's the best training system that you can use for strength. It's the best way to focus on all the aspects of strength development from the maximal strength to hypertrophy to explosive strength. It trains and includes all aspects of that as well as focusing and bringing up and helping to determine what your weak points are. It can be modified to suit anybody's needs based upon their strength or weaknesses or however, or wherever the focus needs to be if it's a competitive schedule or if it's just a general strength training schedule. It can be modified for more hypertrophy, if that's what you're looking for or more strength. From a peer hypertrophy standpoint, my answer would be different. I think just more of a classic bodybuilding protocol with higher volume is going to be a better way to go, but you're going to sacrifice strength development in the process. So from a supporting standpoint, more of the concurrent conjugated standpoint from a powerlifting, obviously, that's standpoint from a bodybuilding and more of a typical training protocol. But it's all based upon the individual needs, time restraints and training age. The second part of the question involves training kids. There's an adombs asking about 2016 year old cousins, which pretty much spend most of their time playing video games, sitting on the couch, pretty much what a lot of people would consider your average kid in America. They're expressing interest in weightlifting, but at the same time, they can't do 20 push-ups. They can't hold a static squat. I'm sure there's a whole host of other bodyweight type movements that they can't do as well. They happen to be family, which puts another wrench in the equation. They're not sons, they're just their relatives, but it still puts a wrench in the equation. And wondering what my advice is for training them without them getting bored. And what I'm not seeing here at them is how you're going to do this without compromise in your own training as well, because if there is a trade out that needs to be considered, in fact, or into this, for all of us who are asked to help with programming or help to train somebody else be at youth or a friend or relative or not with what. There's always an opportunity to cost associated with each one of these things in that need to be factored in. If you're going to work with these kids, can they do or be in the gym at the same time that you are without negatively affecting your own training? Because if not, that means you're going to have to train them at a different time or you're a workout time that you're in the gym now is going to be extended. So there is a certain opportunity cost, like I said, that needs to be factored in to this. They are expressing interest, which is a good thing. So that should be a major, major consideration whenever anybody is working or considering working with any kids. They need to want to do it. If they don't want to do it, then I personally, from my standpoint, I wouldn't have them do that. It's a delicate balance when you're working with with kids because you want to see them embrace, you know, what we love so much, but it may not be their passion. So you don't want to burn them out or have them end up hating something that they really should make a part of their life forever. You know, exercise, not just weightlifting, weight training, powerlifting, or whatever they're going to get into or may not get into. Exercise has to be a part of their life so the last thing that we want to do is to destroy that and have them not ever want to go into the gym. What should they do? I mean, if they're that decanditioned, I would have them come into, I'd have them come into the gym and watch you train and see how that goes. You know, have them do maybe a couple things just to see what their interest is and nothing, nothing major, nothing like deadlift, surgery. I would stay with bodyweight movements. I would, however, you know, they can't do 20 push-ups. So I would, I would reinforce that with them that they have to build strength, you know, with their own bodyweight before they can start using external resistance because, you know, it kind of goes along with, I think goes along with a game, you know, if they can't do a push-up, then they have no business to a bench presses. And so I'd have them do bodyweight movements, but at the same time in a sled dragging, I mean, all the basic stuff, all the basic conditioning stuff that you would have anybody else do that came into the gym, D conditioned is what you're going to basically want to have them do. But what I would watch more so than anything else is how they interact. If they're having fun, if they're not having fun, and then I would throw more stuff in, if they are having fun with it, and I would pull stuff out, if they're not having fun with it or I'd have them come in fewer times, you know, start out with once a week, see how that goes, then work it up from there. It's a, it's a simple question to answer. I mean, we all know it's going to be bodyweight movements, but you made a very, very clear point here is how you're going to do this without them getting bored. You know, when they're in a gym and they're seeing you get an after it and you're doing the squats and the pulls and you're doing all the heavy training, you know, they're going to want to be a part of that. They're going to, so somehow or now that you've got to find a way to make them a part of that, to feel a part of that, to get that connection so they're going to want to come back, even if it's loading bars or pointing things out to them while the other lifters are lifting, showing them, you know, look at how John keeps his back arch, see how Steve's pushing his knees out, you know, point out what the technical things that the lifters are doing right and that they're not doing right, so they feel a part and they feel connected of what's going on. That would be the best advice I would give to them or to you as far as that goes.