Okay, this next drill we're going to do is a really simple progression to get athletes to understand body positions when they're changing direction. So we're going to use the bands and again this is something that you incorporate after athletes are proficient without them. But the first thing we're going to do is rounds this going to go ahead. He's going to shuffle toward me and we're going to really concentrate on that stopping that breaking position. So making sure that his weights distributed back toward the source of the force which is that band. So come on, plant push off again, wet on it and say like, same thing, we just come back. Keep that weight on the inside leg both times. Right? So the next set of drills, again, just to get them used to that band tension, the next progression is going to have a lot more validity and have a lot more transfers for the field. And that is we're going to go and walk it all way out here. We're going to start in this position now. Right? He's going to start in that position. We're going to shuffle back full speed and stop and plant. Right? And again, with the good thing about this drill is that there's really it's the best way to simulate that force that you would have when you're planning and change a direction when you're going full speed. Again, it's hard to simulate that if you're not going full speed. The band's help with doing that. So again, come on back. Go ahead, plant, put, and then come on back this way. So again, same thing now, the next thing is the after he plants and pauses. Make a truth in a good position. He's going to turn in sprint. So go ahead, plant, turn in sprint. Last progression with that would be now we'll go ahead and eliminate the pause and eliminate that amortization phase and really just as soon as he plants. Make a truth. He's still in good position. He's going to plant, push off that cross over stuff to get back here. Last drill. Go ahead, plant, push off again. So that's one of the ways you can really simulate that ground contact force anytime your change of direction and still be able to slow it down enough to coach someone close technique to strengthens his your athletes might be having.