There are many different training philosophies. Got congeget, concurrent, west side bar about a 5-3-1, periodization, linear, whatever. There are lots of programs. I will tell you, as long as there is a little science that the program is based on, and it's going to work. Look at other people who have done what you want to do, try to follow what they followed, stick with it and be consistent. That's the other thing. You are investment. If someone is doing a training 5 days a week, are you able to invest 5 days a week? My wife is always a great learning experience. We had a come-to-God session, walking our dog, made her cry like a child. She was talking to me about training. I'm like, I'm done talking to you about training. I said, people pay to hear me talk about training to train with me, and I said, I give you free advice all the time and you don't want to listen to it. So I'm done, because I have a trainer hat with my wife. We've been together for over 20 years. Sounds terrible, but I wear the trainer hat. This is it. And I'm like, you can't commit. She'll go 5, 6, 7 days a week for 3 weeks. And then fall apart. And then I said, listen, commit to 3 days a week. Commit to 3 days a week for 6 months. See your progress after 6 months. And then, build on if you want to. After 6 months, I mean, she was up to 5 days a week. And it really had become a lifestyle. She figured out how to make everything fit. Everybody gets super gung-ho, especially when they get a new program. Oh, I'm going to do this 7 days a week. I'm going to look at your investment. Are you willing to make that investment? Are you able to make it consistent? Consistency will get you where you want to go. And that's with every facet I'm going to discuss today. Consistency. And where does it fit? Because if you have this finite amount of time, whether you add in more nutrition, more programming, more days of training, more recovery, it's not going to work anymore. Sometimes you have to take some things out. And the little things that happen outside are just important. Also, you're programming. Sometimes it's fun to trust it to somebody else. Just give it to somebody else. Your body is worth it. I don't know how many people will spend on their phones. People will spend absurd amounts of money. And why I talk to people about nutritionists. And I talk to people about trainers. They'll be like, well, I don't know. I'm like, you're a Tom. I know how much you spent for that phone. And how much you spend every month. But your body is not worth it. You've got to be kidding me. This is the best investment you'll ever have as yourself. There are a number of trainers out there. A lot of great trainers. Some of your trainers, you know. You can't. It's not always a good fit. Look for people that have been where you want to be, that have done what you wanted to do, that you take. Ask other people. The internet's a great thing. A lot of people hate the, I love the internet, because you can find information so readily. You have a trainer that you're interested in. Put their name in Google. Find other people, ask, how was so-and-so? I've worked with good trainers, and I've worked with awful trainers. So find who fits with you. But that one of the best investments that you'll make is sometimes just putting your program into someone else's hands. A lot of you are trainers. You have people put their program into your hands. And for me, I've done my programming a lot, and I'm my own worst critic. So just sometimes someone tell me what to do, and makes it a lot easier. I have no one to blame. I just do what I'm told. And if you get someone else's new program, just do what you're told. Because your trainers, those you were trainers, and must drive you nuts when you have people who won't listen to you, you were paying me. Why aren't you listening to me? So if you're a trainer, and you have someone else do your programming, just do what you're told. Don't procede over programming, either. If you do it yourself, write it down, do it. Look at it every couple of weeks. Again, be consistent. Make sure to take some time to reevaluate. If after two months or I only put five pounds on my bench press in two months, took me three years, put 15 pounds on my bench press, and I was really happy with that. Again, look at your goals. Make a measurable, be honest with yourself. As long as you are making progress, it's a good program. And sometimes, just let it go. Just train hard. Be instinctive also. Sometimes you want to take the extra set, that extra wrap, or you want your person, your trainer, and take the extra. If the mood is right, go with it. And that's one thing that people are talking about a lot. They're prepared this for the day. If you're having a really good day, sometimes it's good to push it. Because you know sometimes, you're not feeling while you need to back down a little too. So always consider those factors in the training. But really, if you're looking at saying, I don't know whether I'm going to do five, three, one, or if I'm going to do starting strength, it's not that much of a difference. The program isn't going to make that much of it. It's the work that you put into it, or the work that you put the client through. Don't perseverate too much on it.