Everybody, Steve Coltscott, we're doing a segment of video inquisitions this time where we're shooting questions at Shelby Stars. Shelby, we hear a lot about people that are, they'll say, that they're a carb sensitive, they're insulin sensitive, or insulin resistance. It seems like a very individualized metabolic setting. So, if we're looking at this from a scientific point of view, how should someone go about determining where they fall in that range? Is there anything that you could recommend that people, things people could look for or measure in some way to see where they fall? In relation to carb sensitivity, how does one determine if one is carb sensitive? You know, it's a very great scale. It's not black and white. You know, you don't just have people that are carb sensitive and people that are not. It's a great scale. How do you determine? Some people after they have a big carb meal, get real sleepy and feel uncomfortable and just don't feel good with a heavy carb meal. Those people probably aren't very tolerant. Whereas other people have a big carb meal and they feel great. You know, those people obviously aren't carb sensitive. So that's an easy way to tell. I mean, metabolism plays a good role. You know, people that generally put out a lot of fat, put fat on easily, have a slow metabolism. They're probably not very carb sensitive, or they're probably not very tarp tolerant. If I say, someone that has a very fast metabolism doesn't put weight on easily. You know, it's naturally lean. Doesn't put fat on very easily. They can handle more carbs. But you can do things to improve that over time. The more muscle you have, training helps, cardio helps. There are supplements that help with carbs sensitivity. So you can improve over time. You know, I would say it's turned someone that's extremely carb sensitive into someone that has a crazy fast metabolism. Like, screech by saved by the bell. You know, you're always kind of limited dictated by your genetics, but you can definitely improve on what you are given. And to follow up on that, you've worked with just a ton of different athletes. What percentages would you say, handle carbs very well? And what percentage does not handle carbs well? And what percentage would be in the middle? And obviously, that probably changes over time the ability to use carbs. Obviously, when someone increases a lot of, they add a lot of muscle size. There's metabolism increases, but does their ability to use carbs increase, or is someone carb resistant always going to be carb resistant? What's your experience telling it? As to what percentage of my clients, you know, like I said, it's not black and white. It's kind of a great scale. It's a lot of gray area. You know, a lot of people end up hiring a diet coach because they have issues with their diet. Like their carbs sensitive, you know, they, they, it's not easy for them to make progress. So, you know, I kind of get a lot of those people. I also get people that have great metabolism and great carb tolerance though that are just, you know, great athletes. And when I take it to the next level. So I get a good mix. I'm not sure it's started to say what percentage is kind of a gray area.