Everybody, Steve Colz got here for leadfts.com and we are with IPv pros, that con and IPv pro Mark Dougdale. And they came out, we did a Nutrix photo shoot today. They just finished that up. We're going to talk to them a little bit about nutrition training and kind of introduce them to you. So let's start out with you Zach. How long have you been training? I've been competitive bodybuilding for 10 years now and before that my background was from a boxing, I mean you know, just basically just any athletic background, you know, I mean, it's all from being a sprinter to going into boxing where I injured and basically just some rehab physio. So I had to do some weight training and that's what led me into bodybuilding. So, so people were a little bit about your bodybuilding career. How you wound up? Yeah, basically once I started bodybuilding it was quite a young age 20 years old and I did the local shows, what the gym owner ran and basically he said to me that I got good potential, I should enter the show and I didn't really think that I was caught up for this bodybuilding who I sent me, you know, give me the push into that area and said to do it and let's see how you do it, you know what I mean. And basically at that time I was quite, you know, all the student and I couldn't afford to go to the gym all the time and he said to me if you do well, I'll give you free membership so you can train you all the time. I love if you represent the gym and I thought why not, you know, I saved me a lot of money with gym membership and I entered the first show and I wound that and basically from there was looking back and I got on motivation from reading Flex magazine and seeing the also school bodybuilders like Flex Dorian, you know, and you know, Arnold of course and you'll for Reno and all these guys and they have the charisma and basically that's what I wanted to be, you know, I want to have that charisma, I want to have that lifestyle way, everything in life you know you love doing and wake up every morning to something you love doing and having a job and a hobby, your job is your hobby is the perfect career to be in and you know, I never really fall in to you know, being an IFB pro and never for once this guy, but even know what IFB pro was then totally true for you until, you know, there's more competitions I did in the higher level I got, basically I realized that was, you know, the British finals and if you won the British finals you get a pro card and that allowed you to complete with the other IFB, you reach around the world because in the UK we didn't have no professional shows or for me we're in the British Nationals, yeah, from there, you just open up the door for me and you trek solely and so many, many things and basically, you know, offered me sponsorship to be part of the team and there was, there was therefore me through a freaking fan and especially through the injuries I had, they were like one year after my pro card, basically a while I was in an harder accident where I told both of my court receptions of my kneecap and I was out of the game for a while, you know, couldn't train, couldn't do nothing and basically just stood by me, so I was going to respect the, you know, new tricks for having my back up to this day and basically now I'm up, I'm up, I'm recovered, I'm recovering well and everything so I'm just looking at a show to compete, see what happens with the games I've put on. The bigger guys out there, what is your height in my way? I'm fine for that one, 300 pounds. Okay, 300 pounds off season, 300 pounds out of the show. No no no, there's off season, 300 pounds. And what do you whittle down to what do you expect you will? Like I said, I'm just really mad to me what I would welcome down to, I don't care about the weight scale, my own mind about how I look to the judges, because when you're on stage it's not about or the skyways too many, this way is too early, you know, most of this all of the guys beat the David guys, you know, so there's no wingscale on the stage, it's how you look in the mirror, so I look good in the mirror and I'm doing something right. Of course I'll wear myself as well just to see what direction I'm going in, but apart from that the wingscales that me much to me. Okay. Because it's a visual sport, not a sport where you have to, you know, go on a how much you left and how much you're wearing. And mark here from the Pacific Northwest, you came up in a lot of the shows in that area and then climbed your way up through the USA Championships to get your pro-card. It's also a little bit about how you started lifting what inspired you and how you got where you are now. Yeah, there was probably two guys that were instrumental in getting me into weightlifting by junior high science teacher, John Berkholder. I think you won the North American in 1974, 76 somewhere around there. He immediately saw me and took me under his wing and you know, he was wrestling coach at high school, so he would go up there and weight train with them and would bring me along. So he was a big inspiration. People in my age would recognize him. He was not a couple of magazine covers and a lot of articles back in that era. Yeah, a shorter guy, you know, I mean M5-6, he's probably 5-2, bought my first weight bench off of him. So good friends with him to this day, a really great guy. The other one was my cousin married a guy who owned a gym up in Alaska and competed in bodybuilding, came down and competed in the Emerald Cup, which is the biggest NPC contest in the Seattle area. And went to watch him. That was the first contest that ever went to. And it was definitely intrigued and the guest poseer, which I didn't know what that meant, but the pro was coming into guest pose and low and behold, it was during the eighths. I think six months before he won the Olympia and he came out now, it was just blown away. My big thing was soccer, but all the glory in the U.S. is football. So I played football and ruined my ankle and then I couldn't play soccer anymore. So similar to Zack ended up in the weight room doing some rehab stuff and found that I loved left to iron more than anything. And I started left him weights. Eight team competed in my first teenage contest and won the Northwest Natural and was hooked to that point. Never really had a desire. You know, he talked to Jake Cutler and he was like, from the time I was 16, I wanted to be Mr. Olympia. That never factored in. I mean, I didn't think I could even turn pro to be honest. And I just loved lifting weights more than competing even. But yeah, 18 to fast forward to 30, 12 years of competing in the NPC national levels. Got married, had three children, balancing all that. Finally, won the USA in 2004. And then in now 38, so I'm competing as a pro for eight years. Never would have thought it would have happened, but you know, less to be able to step on the stage with the best guys in the world. I have a more difficult time obviously competing against guys, you know, the size of Zack. But they have the new, two, 12 division. So I'm looking at doing that. I did the two, two and kind of outgrew that class, but now they changed it to two, 12. So that's kind of the direction I guess I'm going now. Okay, that was going to be my next question. Do you have anything picked out? What, where do you see yourself? What is your ultimate career goal? I haven't even won a pro show. It sucks. You know, like, you know, I like winning. And I don't train for second place. And after competing for eight years, it's like, man, I can't even want to show. So I mean, that's a goal. But, you know, ultimately, I want to get back on the Olympia stage. I got fourth place in the 202, Olympian in 2009. And feel like I can be competitive with any of the guys in that class. And that's fun, you know, knowing that there's a chance. To go into the opening, try to compete against Phil Heath and guys like that. I'm a realist, and I know that's never a possibility. But in the 212, I feel like it's a possibility. So New York pro, that's when my sights are set, followed by the Toronto week later. And there's 212 class over open. They both have both. Okay. So I'm aiming for 212 if I was for some reason to 20 and dead on, fine. I'll go do that. And I'm not that committed. But, you know, knowing my history and my body, I think, I probably look my best at 212. So that would be the route that I would most likely go. Okay. So after you're kind of known for me, a very humble guy going into the pros, you're also a beast. How do you think you're going to stack up against somebody other guys? Like I said, you're going to have this moment. I don't really think about the competitors, you know, I think about competing with myself and better than myself. Day by day, we buy a new year by day and bring it in the best part of the day I can bring. And you know, it's an opinion at the sport. So, you know, out of 100 people in the crowd, 20% of your first, 20% of your first, 20% of your first, but then it just comes down to the judges and who they think comes first. So you only can do your best and if your best is in good or not, that's the way the cookie crumbles. You know what I mean? I think, you know, it's one of them sports and you're going to have a fixed game. And if you don't have a fixed game for it, then it's not the sport for you because emotionally it's draining. Physically it's draining. You put your life on all for you not so many weeks. And there's other people involved in what you're doing is very family and everybody because you're going through a certain diet, everything and you know, everybody else wants you to do good and you know, you're not as sociable because you can't go out and eat normal food like normal people because all your food is right. You know, what type of nutrients you put in and you can't be having, you know, set of fastens, so I'm not a soldier and stuff like this. So you have to be on hands with everything. But you know, like I said, saying about the competitors, hopefully the occupant could stuck well, you know, I mean, all matters done to give in day. Who's going to come and bring the egg in, that's all it matters. Okay. What would you say? I'm guessing you're praying to save the injuries, it's been, what is your biggest hurdle that you've had in your career thus far? Yeah, it's injury and plus five operations in top of that, because the doctor's messed you up the first time now. So if you didn't mess up the first time, I would have been in a stage over a year ago. So basically, like when they do operations, and you know, there was something right with my legs because I wasn't able to contract them properly. So when back to them, I was going to privately and the told me that basically you tend to be stretched and long and get it. So that's what you're not getting in the full contractions or they went back to the doctor. Yeah, cut, piece of a tender knife and attached it to me. So I'm able to straighten it more properly. So because the crew didn't do both of the operations on both legs at the same time, because I needed one good leg to stand on. So it was like, so even more soft to my both of my knee operation, it was like, there was you know, right knee, got done this six months later after that right knee. The left knee got done with that. And you know, so it has been like operation and top of operation. And since now it's only been the first time, like, I know there's nothing like that coming up. So the surgeon, the surgeon you had for the first operation, he probably had never worked on athlete with that kind of muscle also. I don't even think anything to do with that being an athlete or anything. I think it would just go to do with the fight. But you know, mistakes can be made and I was unlucky because he's one of the top surgeons. So you know, I don't think anything to do with being an athlete or anything like that. I just think you didn't realize once the tender snaps it's like a rubber band. When you stretch a rubber band, it stretches out a bit longer than normal. And you know, they have to cut up pizza and you do that. So yeah, just the way it is sometime. But it was off to a lot of people. Mark, one of the things that I like about follow in your career is that you're someone that has as a very rich life here. You have your successful business. Family is important to you. What has been the biggest hurdle has been, and fitting in all those pieces together or other things? Yeah, I would say fitting all those pieces together. I mean, like Zack said when you compete, you put a lot of stuff on hold. Some guys when they died or they're total jerks. I'm just quiet. Like my wife says I'm a ghost. She grows like lots of touch and hugs and kisses, same with daughters and when you're a ghost, that doesn't work. So it's been more a challenge of balancing. My family has to come with more bodybuilding. And usually when I compete, I'm very focused. As soon as that contest is over, I'm immediately, it's hard to flip the switch off. So I'm immediately like, okay, what's next? What are we doing next? What's the game for now? And sometimes she's just like, time out. Why don't you just act like a couple of times or whatever? Yeah, I mean, this last year I really wanted to go back to the Olympia. If I would have done one more contest by that new point scoring system, I probably would have qualified. But she was like, you know, I need you. And it worked out good because of your going met. John Maddoz right here at this gym. I've been reading his articles for years and following some of his methods with training and this one good to have a year under my belt training full before under his guidance. Okay. Excellent. This is the first installment we're going to be doing three of them. We're going to talk a little bit about what you do with John. We're going to talk about what you do with your trainer in the next segment. Thanks.