Everybody, Steve Colscott for eLeedFTS.com. We're doing a video roundtable. We have some of our team members mixed in with some guests. And we're going to talk a little bit about, we have people from a variety of sports, mostly powerlifting. We have some from the body building world, some that do figure, some that do strong The question here is what do they love about their sport? What would they like to change? And what type of change would make it more popular? Okay, okay. Okay, what I love about the sport, I just like that it's such an extreme sport that you push yourself beyond any limits that you think that, I mean there's no limit to set for yourself. You continuously amaze yourself at the progress that you make when you put yourself. In this environment, the train heavy. And I just like it, it's such an extreme sport. What I don't like is just what everybody is going with everybody saying with the banter back and forth between raw and equipped lifters, et cetera. I think that we can do without that, but for the most part, I think a lot of the lifters respect each other, strength, strength, whether you wear gear, whether you're raw, it's a totally different animal, it's comparing apples, oranges, and everybody wants to compare the same thing. As far as promoting the sport, I think it's really important to lead by example. I know for myself, there's a lot of coworkers that are getting interested in stuff because you're competing and they're interested in how you're doing and going to competitions. I had my 17 year old son's done a couple of meats. I mean, I really encourage him. He wants to do some more, he's getting into it, that's great. One of the things that I think is really excellent, where we're from, anyway, there's a couple of guys that are power lifters around the Toronto area that have powerlifting teams for their schools, and they have school meats. So I've had my son down there too, and you see all these high school kids that are starting to lift and get into training and getting interested in it. So, you know, I think you just have to encourage people to get into it, and you know, whether it's young people, Lord or people, I mean, it's awesome to go to the worlds and see everybody from 16 year old kid up to, you know, 70 year old men and women lifting. It's for everybody. It's not just limited to a certain dynamic. So, you know, you just keep being positive and lead by example. Okay. I'm definitely a fan as well of the extreme nature of the sport. I really like challenging myself. I'm kind of an all or nothing person, so something that's one rep is right on my alley, right? I love getting stronger and pushing myself. And of course, whatever one else said, the community is really, really big. I've always been welcomed at meats. You always go down, and there's always someone that, you know, lends you a pair of wraps if you forgot them, or they have an extra pair of socks, or something, you know, there's never any like negativity that I've ever had at a meat. It's usually like they're saying just like on social media and stuff, but anyone can say anything behind a computer, right? What I would change, I think, having a little bit more consistency with some of the judging, you know, from meat to meat, you'll get all these like, well, I piftest, because this and SBF does that. And like there's so many different federations that you get so many different opinions on what should be legal left, or what was not legal, and yet will these people are arguing about it, and it just kind of starts things. So I think if there was a little bit more consistency in that area, it would definitely help probably reduce some of the bantering back and forth. So, and I guess what I think would make it more like a bigger sport was kind of what Ken was saying, like leading by example, you know, showing people that you don't have to be this amount of strength to be able to compete in a meat, like you can go in and squat the bar as long as you can do the bar, you can do a meat, right? And just kind of encouraging, especially women, which it has been getting bigger in that aspect, but just showing people that they can do it to, it's fun, you know, you don't have to be at a certain level, right? Ben, talk about the bodybuilding. Oh, pros and cons. I think the thing that drew me to bodybuilding originally is, you know, everybody talks about challenging themselves, and that's certainly a big part of it, but especially for me, I think it's a big outlet for artistic expression. You know, you take something that you, that you have control over and you change it to become something else. And to me, that was a very alluring athletic endeavor, even though I'm not, you know, in a physical competition against somebody else, it's very much a physical competition within myself. What would I change about bodybuilding? Oh, man, what a question. I think the thing that ruins the sport for a lot of people is the self-centered, you know, narcissism that's just rampant in the sport. I think we need more people that genuinely give a shit about everybody else's ability to compete and enjoy the experience for themselves. The camaraderie that a lot of the parallelists just talk about at the meets, you don't see that at bodybuilding shows. Unless you bring your own crew of people there that are fans of you, everybody pretty much hates each other. Especially the figure girls backstage are, I mean, it's hilarious seeing some of the catty. It's the other star in a death. And really it's like going into a show and saying, I want to be better for myself and I want to beat my previous self versus I want to get a placing, you know, I would bet that all the power lifters on the team don't want to show up to a meet and win because somebody else got injured or bombed out. And a bodybuilding show, I want to be my best. Do I want to win a show because my friends who are competing missed their peak? No, I want to compete against the best and I want to win because I deserve it, not because somebody else had a, you know, a poor situation that they had to go through. I think in bodybuilding, I think we need more people like like the John Meadows type people who generally give a shit about everybody else's experience that they're going through. So, so that's, I guess both what I dislike the most and also how we can change things is kind of embracing everybody else's experience as part of the whole, you know, thing. I mean, why, why are there so many, you know, men's physique guys taking over the bodybuilding stage is because the bodybuilders all hate each other and talk shit about each other. And, and one each other to lose, well, it's no wonder they're going into something that has, you know, less intense dieting, less intense training, you know, more selfies, more narcissism, you know. I mean, it makes no sense that the sport is growing in that direction when it really should be growing in the direction that it was for the first 50 years. So, I think more people should, should focus on internal, you know, improvement and less on everybody else failing. Thank you.