Everybody, Steve Colescott here for elitefts.com. Doing another segment of video inquisitions with Michael Stikiner. Mike, you're a master herbalist. How did you get into that? And what are some of the benefits of herbs for power lifters? Well, I guess the best way to describe how I got into herbal medicine was, I'm all not busy kid, I wasn't very healthy, I was always sick, I was always at the doctor's office, always on some type of antibiotic, because I was always dealing with something going on in my life, health-wise. And when I got into my late teens, 16, 17, I just got so sick and tired of it. And I felt like they're how to be in a better way for me to live my life, and have some longevity and some good health. So that's when I started to research mostly nutritional chemicals, vitamins, minerals, amino acids, things of that nature. And that's basically what led me into involved me into herbal medicine. As far as benefits for lifters, I would have to say that if I were to talk about specific benefits for lifters, I would say I would be limiting the discussion in a drastic way. And I'll explain what I mean by that. When you talk about those herbal medicine, you really can't look at it as being great for just athletes or just theists or just that. You're not to look at it as the fact that the benefits, the benefits are going to be a course of the board, the same for everybody. And because you're going after underlying causes of problem and at the core of the problem, your body is just going to become healthier from it, and your body is going to work more effectively and more efficiently. And thereby you're going to see the results you want and whatever you do, whether it's lifting, whether it's running, it doesn't really matter because the program would be the same basically in the fact that what you're doing is you're undoing the blockages in the body. You can work and you it's not better. And if your body can do it's own jobs better, then your body is going to function better and your you as a person already will achieve your goals in a better way. So I understand that that might be a little bit more of a general answer right there specific, but if I were to get into specifics about how to help just lifters, it would really be more about symptomology and I don't really believe that that's how herbs are supposed to be used. And when we're talking about herbs, Mike, what does the word standardized extract mean and why is this important? Standardized herbs. Well, I guess the best way you explained the ups and downs of standardized herbs would be to basically first to find with standardized herbs. A standardized herbs is the simple explanation is it's a herb where one or more of the specific chemical constituents found in that herb had been isolated and those levels had been elevated to a specific process in order to make it more of a drone like a vet for the herb. The reason why this is done is because some are less not be in particular, but but some are less believe and very strongly believe that is that specific chemical constituents or those few chemical constituents that may be herb. Do you what it does a work in the buying the way it works? I only self happen to disagree and here's the reason why. The reason is because when you look at our inercan ad a where 10 phytochemicals are chemical constituents to hundreds of them in one specific herb. The reason why it works is because all of those chemical constituents or phytochemicals are actually working in a synergistic way and balancing each other out. Okay, so therefore it's not one specific thing or one specific chemical that makes that herb work. That's where there's a great flaw in standardized herbs. The flaw in standardized herbs quite frankly is that when you hear about side effects of herbs, it never ever has been able to be applied to a whole herb or whole herb compounds. The only time you'll see a side effect is when you're dealing with a standardized herb because what you've done is you essentially may need to a drug because you isolate specific chemical constituents within that herb. And that's really what there is to it. As far as why it would be considered important to standardize an herb, the truth is to me it's not you. I think that when you hear a standardized herb, not only are you not really taking the proper approach with herbs, but you're really limiting your, your really limiting your ability to work your can do for the body and do for you and your health and you all being. So for me, I personally am not a standardized herbs. Some people really like them simply because it's probably easier to study a standardized herb based on the fact that most research and most study is that most studies are actually done on a specific chemical or a specific isolated chemical. Like you deal with like when you're dealing with pharmaceuticals and drugs. Therefore, it's easier to study an herb if you're only dealing with one phytochemical. The problem is is that most people don't seem to understand in the pharmaceutical and the big thing is that that one chemical or phytochemical is not what is making that herb work. It is just one small part of what's making that herb do it's job. And lastly, Mike, which herbs are good for reducing inflammation and what kind of benefits can lifters expect from them. It's for inflammation. Well, here's the thing. I would probably have to go at this point now and have to answer this question by saying following. First, when you deal with inflammation, we understand that inflammation. In fact, in the part of the root cause of so many conditions, whether it's cancer or whether it's joint problems or bone problems or maybe or even brain disorders like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's. These are all things that there's a direct link to you. Um, inflammation. But if the big picture inflammation is still just a symptom, should all the big of the whole big picture. And the problem of why I don't often suggest to recommend people use anti-inflammatories and large amounts for all that matter is because the fact that it's really not getting to the root or the underlying cause. And it's basically bandating the problem, even if you use the natural anti-inflammatory. It's bandating the problem. You see, I'm sure many of you already know this, but when you're dealing with pain and inflammation, these are signals that the bond gives you to let you know that you have an issue going on. And it's your body's way of signaling you to let you know about that issue. So the problem is, is that when you constantly take anti-inflammatories or pain killers where the end result becomes is that you compound the problem because you don't feel pain seeing the really knowing things wrong. Therefore, the body begins to degenerate over, you know, it begins to degenerate at a very fast rate. And that's why you've seen some of major problems people have today. So oftentimes when people talk to me about inflammation, what they suggest they do about it, the first thing I tell someone is that if their body is working at 100% functionality, then they wish you'd have any of these information issues. Therefore, when you look at your diet, you need to let me any foods that are known to produce more inflammation. And the other thing you will also have to look at is undoing waterages. Now this is where a lot of people tend to get very, very, very confused about what, what they have to do with another way of constipulation training. If someone is constipated or someone has liver issues or kidney issues or or all virus issues, as time you have one system or multiple systems that don't work right, what you're doing is, is, or what's happening in the body is what a real should see. What's happening in the body is, you're absolutely, your body is blocking itself from being able to, there's to be a barriers from your body to be able to do it, stop correctly. Therefore, the audience systems are all working correctly or having all this extra pressure upon them to make up for the fact that the audience are not functioning correctly. To do their job. So therefore, the insult becomes you have certain more given back doing their jobs, they're putting more due pressure on the audience systems at all, and the body is all balanced. So if, if you were to, for example, if your vowels were congested and you clean your vowels, now you're taking away that barrier. And now that that barrier is not there or now that that blockage is not there, now the body begins to work at optimal function again. Therefore, it does not focus on that condition over that of a doctor vowel. Instead, what I can do is, if you're working on dealing with your pain and your information on its own.