Steve Coltskatt here with the leadfds.com, or we're here for the third of our third of three interviews with our guests from Universal and Animal. And this one is about nutrition, which is where they can bring some knowledge to the table for us. We have with us Josh Holiday, Eric Fankhouser, Marshall Johnson, and Eric Schwartz. Our first question for you guys is going to be just a little bit about the basics of your eating program. Josh, first off, can you tell me how many meals a day do you eat and how did you determine that? So because I said earlier, I'm working with Fuckroom of Arc this year. So this year is my first year. We're going to have him right now. I'm doing six meals, one shake, five solid meals. And so I'm doing, every about two and a half to three hours I'm doing meal. The first meal is egg whites and cream and rice. Then I'm doing two red meat meals and two white meat meals and shake after my workout. And I'm doing all white rice and weight potatoes. And do you find that that you're in metabolism response to the multiple feedings? Yeah, I've previously used brown rice and grains and oats and some of my first year using mostly it's a gluten-free diet and I really seen myself respond to that really well this year. Okay, Eric, okay, you have a bit of the science of background to things. How has that played into the formulation of your eating plan? It has, each, I mean, it's always going to be different in season or off season for me. So it probably depends on what you want to hear. I mean, off season. Let's talk off season off season eating. It comes down to basically how long I'm up. Some days I'm going to be up long, or some days I'm going to sleep a little more. So I mean, I pretty much eat every two to three hours off season. I'm going to be eating more carbs than I would in season. I always pretty much stick to a meal with protein if you want to keep it basic carbs in a green. So I get my fiber in there. Off season wise, obviously my carb intake is going to be a lot higher than it would be in season. Typically when it comes to the off season, I'm like 60 to 75 grams of carbs per meal. And I'll do that from all of my meals. A typical day, I'm going to get like probably five to six solid meals in. And two to three shakes in. I'll use this shakes or structure around my training sessions. Usually I'll do one pre, one post, and sometimes one during my training session. And the off season, if I don't have any food ready, I will take like a way gain or shake. So I mean, obviously that's included in my diet. Pretty much it comes down to eating every two to three hours. So if you're up longer, you're going to be eating longer. But it's always some type of protein. Usually I try to stick to either egg whites, turkey, chicken or beef. And usually with the red meat, I'll eat that out no more than once a day. You mentioned in our previous segment that Neil Hill does, does your training? Does he does your diet for you as well? Yeah, Neil Hill does my diet pretty much. It's mostly in season dieting, off season. And pretty much it's just simple. You want to eat more in the off season. Make sure you're getting in enough calories to grow. When it comes down to the in season, obviously when it comes to restricting stuff and actually tweaking it each week. I think it's always great to always have someone having eye on you. Because what happens with me when I'm dieting, I found in the past if I try to diet without a trainer, I always think less food is better and more cardio is better. I think that just comes down to thinking that the more you do, the better results you're going to get. And as a bodybuilder, it doesn't mean that. Think a lot of people fall short and they try to eat way under what they should be eating and they actually slow their metabolism down. And by doing that, they actually will hold on them more fat than they would if they would be eating, actually more. I think that's a big mistake that a lot of young bodybuilders make. And I've made that mistake too before many times. And I've learned eat more and you actually burn more fat. Okay. Marshall, I'm very curious about your answer because when you and Kathy stayed with me, previously you were shocked by me having food professionals and my refrigerator. Well, what's your eating like? Actually, my eating is still a bodybuilding has a lot of impact on my eating still. I still want to have muscle. I still want to be big. I don't want to be a big fat slob. You know, with powerlifting, a lot of people will assume that you've got to be big and fat to be strong to somebody that I aspire to be like a stand-offerding. You know, if the guy walks around in contact, shape and you can, you know, squat eight in our palms, roll it on an eating day. But it's structured a lot like bodybuilding. Every two hours I'm eating. And I think it's more or less now that maintaining 275, you know, if I don't eat after two hours, I feel sick, I feel nauseous, I feel weak. So every two hours I'm eating something. It's pretty much just a car when I'm protein. Getting ready for a meat. The first two months of my diet, I stay pretty good. I stay clean. Eat at home. I make my own meals, you know, with either steak fish or chicken and then brown rice and stuff like that. But it seems every time I get to about that one month before a meat, I don't know if it's just the stress or what or the color of color intake just is on a higher demand. And that's when it usually goes to shit. Like Twinkies and Pop Times for breakfast, isn't it? And yeah, yeah, yeah, I think before I left, I had a couple of Twinkies mixed in with my protein shake and it's just I can get away with it close to a meat because, you know, we're burning through so many calories, you know, I get away with it. But the ultimate goal is to take advantage of people with knowledge like John Meadows. And I've been very fortunate to get to know John Meadows. I would very much like to consult him and have get some help with diet to where I can still get strong but stay at lean because the ultimate goal is to look, you know, like stand up and in the end. Okay. Eric, you're in a nice position where through your business, you're getting information from a lot of people, a lot of customers. And the athlete says, this helps you put together your program. Okay, I listen and more importantly, watch what these guys do. I've traveled a lot of them so I get to see what they do. Pick their brains all the time. One of the guys that I've learned a lot from nutritionally, what was, are athletes having some to ponder. Just learn from him to listen to your body. You better quality food. And I feel a big difference. And even like performance in the gym, when I eat better quality food, regardless of the same color, can take, I feel better. I recover better, my energy is better, my sleep is better. So I learned to really listen to my body. Okay, and how many meals a day do you do? I typically do three or four whole meals a day, a couple of shakes a day. Okay. You'll have a couple bucks on the shakes. Yeah, I'm lucky at the office. We have a endless of what I've ever flavored. I want to product on a try. Okay. With what you guys have learned on nutrition, what have you learned about your specific metabolism's error? For me, just eating, like a kind of little redundant, but eating healthier food sources, people typically call it cleaner foods. My body seems to respond better to that. Okay, with the back of nutrient balance, you find yourself sensitive to carbs. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. But I found that I really don't need as much carbs as I maybe used to need. Not run a marathon. So I don't need a ton of carbs. I'm more moderate carbs. I've learned to up my healthy fats that I also learned from Evan and also like Marshall safe from John Meadows. I feel a big difference. So it's a little bit more moderate to low carbs, more healthy fats and good quality protein. Okay. Marshall, are you a Twinkie sensitive? Yes, I'm sensitive about my Twinkie, I have a yes. Do you lost weight? How do you look at the back of the industry? Macron nutrients. Do you like a certain amount of carbs? I have found with my training that carbs play a huge role at me personally in my body. If I don't have a lot of slow digesting carbs before I work out, I'm just completely worthless. Especially our workouts, you know, they're two to three hours long. Sometimes they're going to have hours long. Carbs play a huge huge role in my training and getting enough in. If I wasn't lifting so heavily so frequently, I would skip my carbs every other meal. Like I would just go for a protein or maybe some no no greens. I'm not going to lie. But I would go every other hour. I would have just a protein for a meal and then I would protein carbs. Then I would switch on and off. But this close to a meat, I just try to cram as much calories as I can. Unfortunately, when metabolism and how the workload I'm able to maintain, I don't get any thinner or fat, or I just maintain. Okay. Your huge talk about adjusting the carbs in different parts of the year. How is your body specifically responsive to different nutrients? I've learned throughout my years of bodybuilding that every year my body is required different types of and amounts of carbs. When I was a lot younger in first-order bodybuilding, I would say my body was pretty carb sensitive and I used to do a lower carb diet. I've learned that as my muscle mass increases, I obviously require a lot more carbs than I would in the past. I would not say that I'm carb sensitive now. I found that the more carbs I eat, especially in season, I will hold more of my muscle. I actually stay stronger throughout my contest prep. I think it's pretty crazy how people you can tell if you're eating really crappy. Then you start eating clean. You can actually feel your metabolism change. It comes down to it. People always ask me, what is the difference in your in season and your off season? It comes down to pretty much as off season. I can tell that my metabolism is a lot slower by not doing the types of foods. I don't mean not quite as clean. Not doing the cardio. As soon as you start adding those different things, you can actually feel your metabolism increase and you actually need more food. Probably any bodybuilder can tell you the time when you start your diet, say 20 weeks out, and at the end when you actually get a couple weeks before, I'm to the point where I have to constantly be eating or I can't sleep. I can't sleep. My body is going so fast. My body is like a furnace and I'm burning everything up. I've learned that you've got to feed that and if you just keep giving it more carbs, it's actually going to keep increasing. I'm a big believer in carbs. I wasn't when I first started bodybuilding, just through trial and error, I experienced that. My body needs carbs to compete. Do you think that's type of training you do, where you're doing higher reps? I'd guess when you probably do a fairly short-wrested period. Yeah, you think that has a lot to do with your ability to use carbs? It does. I think the more muscle mass you have, the more carbs you're going to require. Obviously, I mean each year I try to get a little bigger so I think that's why I require more. But yeah, I think if you're really intense as in your rest time is very slow and your high repetitions, you're definitely going to burn up a lot more carbs. You'll be able to take more in. So for me, if I'm going to work out with no carbs, if I'm on a zero-car diet, pretty much your workouts crap, and you're not going to get much out of it. Okay. We're working with your trainer. What have you guys found out about your particular metabolites? So before when I was during my first show, I did the normal to lap you in, cut carbs. I wasted really nothing and I saw that. My body really needs fats and carbs my diet. So this year, I've been my carbs probably around 500 grams a day. There's still up around 300 grams a day and I'm 14 weeks out. I'm still at MCT oil every meal and I'm still at my red meat in. So I really realized that if I don't have a lot of fat in a lot of carbs in my diet, I wasted really nothing. I've never done cardio before my life for a show. That's when you go out by it. That must be nice. But this will be my first year doing cardio, if I could be a real, I would be really very cardio. So I'm excited to see with the high amount of carbs and fats and adding cardio work. I'm going to change that. Can you make my physique this year? Excellent. Okay. Next question. Let's talk a little bit about our nutrition around the workout. What type of things supplements or food wise do you do before during an after workout? Josh? That. And before my workout, I do about a cup and a half of white rice and eight ounces of chicken and then usually about 40 minutes later on my drive to the gym. I do two scoops of carbohydrates plus and I do two scoops of a time of seven which is amino acids and then I do my workout and then after my workout I do three more scoops of carbohydrates plus and I do three scoops of iso. Okay. Eric? Usually an hour before my workout, I'll be the solid meal still. Usually it's either sweet potato, rice, brown rice, just depending on what my meal is before I eat. I really don't make any specific meal. The only thing I don't like the hour before would be like red meat. I try to keep it with a meat that's kind of faster digesting. Usually about 45 minutes after that solid meal, I'll drink a weight protein shake, also with some amino acids. I like the atomic seven and I'll take the animal nitro and I usually do a pre-workout drink. Big on stimulants when it comes to working out. And I usually take some animal raise and shop therapy before I train and I usually start it off. During my workout, I usually sit one more amino acids on big on the amino, sometimes I'll throw in some universal intray in there. Just depending if it's what my body needs at that time. Usually at least amino acids. Postworkout always makes storm, which is universal product and I'll do a torn. From dieting, it'll be like torrents, zero. But always throw that in there. And then a weight protein shake and then I'll eat another solid meal in our after my workouts over. Okay, Marshall. The hour seems to be about the magic time frame for me if I eat any less than an hour for a training. I feel sick and bloated if I eat before an hour and a half or two hours I'll definitely feel sick because I'm anything in me. So usually I try to make it an hour every day and it's usually the same thing. It's two cups of oatmeal and usually like a peanut butter and peanut butter sandwich or something like that. Anything slow, slow burning is what is one of my body needs. So I'll have that in a button hour before I go. And then about 50 minutes before I go, I will mix up animal rage. And like Eric said, I'm a huge stimulant fan. I don't want to say I need it, but I need it. But with power lifting and being in the gear for so long, I need to find a way to add things to that. I need to add electrolytes to that. I need to add amino acids so that it keeps my keeps my body going. Keep my muscles going. So I'll go and buy the power rate, you know, the instant power rate, the powder, you know, about three scoops of that end with my rage and then I'll dump about three scoops of my BCNA stack with that as well. So I'll take that for a little concoction and it keeps me going. Keep going keep my muscles hydrated. I don't know if I'm not cramping as much anymore. If I was to just take the stimulant before I worked out, I would find out that I would cramp really bet. And then meadows actually has me inch work out taking six scoops of torrents. And if anybody has taken torrents, that's about 12 pounds of powder. And I thought it was crazy when you first told me to take six scoops of torrent, but I've been taking that inch to work out. Usually about an hour and a half into my work out, which is about half way mark. And that usually just keeps me going. Usually I've fade off and my strength and my probation will go down. But that'll usually keep me going. It'll just sit my stomach and kind of dissolve. Postwork out. I'll take the way probe as fast as I can. Usually as soon as I drop the drop bar and less I'm taking that. And then I'll try and find a high calorie meal right after that. Usually stop and get burgers or something like that. Because that's usually something my body can just eat up or away. This is a herbion. Okay Eric how about you? A little different in these guys. I need a little longer to eat before so I'll do a whole full meal about two hours before or five nights like per me. And then if I'm doing stims that day, it's either rage or shock therapy, I'll alternate them. I do the atomic seven during training. Sometimes I just sit on it just because it tastes good. And then I'll do torrent afterwards and follow that with a meal about an hour later. Okay. As the company guy, I'll ask you if you could tell us a little bit about some of those broad edges. I should say I'm going to recognize people that have never used them. Okay. On a universal side, it's a guy's mentioned and I mentioned that time of seven. It's a branch gen amino acid formula with some other amino acid, such as citrally, metallic, torrentine and glutamine. So we call it enhanced BCA's. What's designed to help you with recovery and endurance while you're training like sort of guy's training two or three hours, something that's definitely going to help them with their endurance while they train. Torrent supports workout formula, kind of designed to give you things that will help you start the recovery process. But a very easily digested on your stomach, which is really important. It's got hydro-weight in it. It's got acrams, loose-eating, it's got seven grams of cell volume-yases, three grams of creatine and a great easily digested carbline. On the animal side, I'm probably best known for animal pack, that is the bodybuilders multi-bidiment, more bodybuilders have had that in their gym bag than any other multi in our industry. It's interesting, it's the 30th anniversary of this year of animal pack. If you just think about the industry as a whole, how many products and whole companies have come into the business and added the business in that 30 years of a one product, kind of standard, test of time really says a lot about it. We're most known for that, but we've got a lot of other formulas, animal flex is the bodybuilders and product is joint formula. That's probably a second best selling product, but we've got a fat bar and it also has a different stuff. Last nutrition question, what is either the biggest challenge you have with your nutrition program, either off-season or pre-consist and what is your solution that you can share with people? Eric? I like to eat, I like to taste the foods of the biggest challenge is to try and eat something that tastes good and that's also going to fit in the program. Sure, I indulge like everybody else and I enjoy eating bad, but the biggest challenge is just that. So I just try and be consistent. You know, you can have a healthy relationship with food, you can eat what you want to feel like eating a time that is long as the majority of the time you're eating what you need to eat as an athlete, I think you're good. It's kind of like the 80-20 year old, 80% of the time you're doing a good 20% eat what you want. Unless you're draining for a specific bodybuilding contest then it's a whole different body. Okay. Marshall? Probably the biggest hurdle is the stress of it. I put a lot of stress and obnoxious amount of stress on where my next meal is going to come from. Well am I going to have food? Am I going to have money for food? You know, I put so much, I think I've been more stressed on having food already than I do about the actual training. I'll usually get into habits where I won't have food around the house. I'll go to the grocery store every day and buy what I want for the day. And that just puts it a tremendous amount of stress on me that I don't eat because food is a huge part. If I can just get into the good habits of having food in the house and having a prepared then night before, that's when I've been the most successful and that's when my stress level has been a little so just keeping on top of it. Okay. Eric? I don't know what's this preparation with food. I mean, that's probably the biggest hurdle most people have is actually getting the meals cooked. I think if they're cooked and ready to go, you're going to stay on your diet and eat them. Because of bodybuilder, it makes it easier if you add for me. I cook all my meals at night for the next day. So when I wake up the next day, I don't have to worry about it. It's already made for me and ready. I think that's definitely the biggest hurdle and it's the best solution. It's just cook it. It's there. You're going to eat it. I take all my food that work. If I have that at work to eat, I'm going to eat it. I'm not going to deviate from it. If I don't have that, then obviously you're just going to be eating something that junk. So definitely, he said to have it in your house, maybe my life usually goes to the grocery store, like a Sam's Club or just some kind of place that has cells in bulk and we'll buy everything for a little week. So it's there. I have a big freezer chest in my basement. It always says chicken breasts or something in it. It always just pulls those up and I always have something on hand. But I think if you have it, you're going to eat it. That's probably the biggest key is actually having it on hand and prepared. Okay. Josh. My biggest problem is getting it all down. It's six, seven meals and shakes. There's a lot of food to get down and work in full time and getting your work done with your meals on your desk is probably one of the biggest challenges I have. So it's really just getting all down throughout the day to make sure you meet your reach your macros by the end of the day. It's probably the biggest trouble that I've had. Okay. Excellent. Thank you guys. Thank you.