We learned a train seminar in 2012. We've had Joey Smith who is the leader of the nasty group. Joey, we had some PRs going on in there. Tell us what kind of stuff these guys are doing. We had so many PRs today Steve and our group. I was so excited I was ready to dance press today myself. We'll ride here, came to our last learn of train. I can follow up with 2011. We couldn't dance with the crash. This guy had a 25-pound PR today, started bench full range of 5-7. What was the bench at the last learn of train? 475. 4-7-7-7. We're talking about a hundred pound jump in just a few months. In a shirt. That's unreal. What was your best meat lift up in this kind of ring? About 45-25. 25-pound PRs. Very proud of these guys. The excellent, excellent job. We had about 10 lifters in PR and our group. About the 12. It was just fantastic. I've got a harness right here. Our wrong lifter of the day had a 50-pound PR in the bench. What was your best raw best for today? 45-25. 455. What's your degree of the increase too? That was one of these guys. All the guys we lift with coaches. They get you going. Listening to the guys they all know what they're talking about in the future. It was just I still had some left in the tank. I got that. Definitely listen to what these guys will teach us. That's what they're talking about. The nasty group is they come in here and do full power training. We are trying to move on to the deadlift. We are trying to move on to the spot. We are trying to move on to the bench. Whether it's raw or gear. If you bring your gear in here, we show you how to trick it out. I've showed you all the other guys that were benching their shirts. They are several different tricks and things that we will have to make the life of sure that they can take home and learn and stuff. You think some of those things have to do with that. What are you going on to buy and get home? Small and other bell. That is correct. Did that help you today? Yeah. Thank you. What did you enjoy bringing to the table for you guys? Just a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a small thing that makes you a massive jump. Yeah. Definitely watch your eye. When you go up and wait, that is when your form breaks down. I have them pretty key as you go up so you know where to take it. So form does the brain now. Okay, for the next one of these things should be looking to give in the answer. What kind of people? To me, it is not any kind of particular people at all. It can be an advanced. It can be raw, single blood, multi blood, a rookie. You know, we had a rookie guy, Mike, I mean in our group today, it is never been sent to bench search and ended up hitting with 585. 554 rain bench, they searched today. Never been in a certain slide. Unbelievable. I'm so proud of these guys. Look, if you want to learn out of bench press, if you want to learn how to power lift, you want to learn how to squat and deadlift and add to your total. You need to come to a lead FDS, learn to train, train with the best. Learn from the best. And you can be just like these guys going back home with a huge PR, a huge total. And so all your friends, what the hell is really going on? Good job guys.