What I was always told was, keep gaining weight until you can't get strong grain work, because the fastest way to get strongers is... How can I lift or find the right weight class for themselves? And is it better to get their slowly or to get there as quickly as possible? As a competitive power lift, I'm going to assume that you're serious about being a competitive power lifter. And that it's not this little hobby you're playing around with. If it's a little hobby you're playing around with, because you kind of think it's cool right now, then none of this means shit. Just lift it whatever you weigh, have fun with it, and enjoy it. Because you're not... Why you may do a meat, you're not really a competitive power lifter. You're just kind of playing around with it. I'm trying to think back to college, you know, I'm going to weigh it back now. You had intermereal sports, which could be, say, intermereal soccer. Which wasn't really officially the school soccer team. It was just guys who really loved to play soccer. And they liked to play soccer, but they weren't practicing every day, and it wasn't, you know, they weren't on scholarship and all that other stuff. Then you had the official school soccer team. Now that's competitive soccer. The intermereal guys are different than the competitive soccer guys. So what I'm trying to draw the distinction here is, are you an intermereal power lifter or are you a power lifter? You're all power lifters. Okay, they're all soccer players. But once vastly different than the other one, and I'm hoping people understand what I'm saying here, you know, with this. Because if you're intermereal, don't worry about this gain and weight bullshit. Don't worry about all this other crap. Just have fun and joy to support. That's what you're doing it for. You know, now if you're on the other side where it's the competitive power lifter, then you need to do whatever you need to fucking do to be the best power lifter you can be. Otherwise, what are you doing it for? Otherwise, it'd be you if the fucking intermereal. You know, there's options. You can be there in mero if you'd be like Clint and just quit. You know, but you have options. So you need to first off decide where what it is. You know, if you want to be the best power lifter you can possibly be the view. You know, not you want to be better than this guy or this guy or this guy or this guy. You're going to be realistic. You need to be better than you every single time and you go out on the platform for as long as you possibly can. If that puts you at the top of the game, awesome. You know, that's the goal. But to do that, that commitment needs to be made that you're going to do whatever it fucking takes to get there. You know, within the rules, you know, obviously there's always rules with each sport. So Federation plays into it, all those other things play into it. So within the rules, you know, not telling you a cheater and that other bullshit. Because in power lifting and there's many options, there's many Federation. So there's no reason to cheat. And anyway, because you can find the Federation that's going to cater to whatever you want to do and however you want to compete. So from that standpoint, I already answered the question as far as the intermerele. You just have fun, you know, and enjoy it and love it and try to make it last as long as you possibly can. And still take the lift seriously, guys, learn the technique because you don't want to get hurt. You know, so learn how to do all those things correctly and right. The on the other end, now you're dealing with how do you know if you're in the competitive side, how do you know what the optimal weight is going to be? Pretty fucking simple. Whatever weight class you're in, look around the best lifters in that weight class. If you're like seven inches taller than they are, you probably need to gain weight. You know, you're not going to be the outlier. I think guarantee that. Even the outliers didn't know they were the outliers until they became the outliers. So as I've always said before, you know, power lifting and bodybuilding and all this, yes, they are very heavily genetically weighted sports. But how do you know if you have good genetics or not, if you never fucking try? And never really try hard. How do you know? You know, because a lot of the guys that I've seen that have great genetics, I've seen there before pictures. You know, yeah, they had great genetics, but they had to do some work before those genetics really started to kick in. So a lot of people quit too soon. So go based upon the height and what everybody else looks like this in your weight class and base it on that. Should you try to get up there as fast as you can? I don't think so. You know, I think that you need to actually, you need to keep a calorie surplus to be able to gain weight. You know, you need to be making a conscious effort to keep trying to move up. The dumbest thing you can do is to die it down. You know, to try to make weight. If you're under an elite total, you know, to me it just makes no sense to me whatsoever. On why anybody would want to cut weight, you know, to for any reason, you know, unless they're going to break a world record or they're competing for a title that actually matters. It just, I don't know, boom, home I had, don't comprehend it. But keep moving up, you know, that's the, that what I was always told was, you know, keep gaining weight until you can't get stronger anymore. Because the fastest way to get stronger is the gain weight. So keep gaining weight until you can't get stronger anymore and you get stuck. Then when that happens, drop a weight class. Well, with all the, as I was training with, we all ended up over 300 pounds. So it didn't matter if they were 5-4, they were, you know, 6-4. They're all ended up over 300 pounds. So gain slow. I mean, I'm, I'm trying to put the brakes on it. Just let it come natural. But you know, you don't want to go from, you know, a 1,400 pound total at 1,98 to a 1,500 pound total at 300. You know, so no, you don't want to come a fat, water, shit. You know, so take the time gain in the weight, but, you know, at the same time, don't, don't take too much time, gain in the weight either. But first, before any of that, even becomes a question, you need to decide if you're going to be a competitive lifter or an intermere lifter. Because that's going to answer that. Alright.