Check camera line, director of purchasing lead-FTS.com. Here to talk to you today about knee sleeves. Our customer service reps get questions all day every day about knee sleeves. What they're made of, what size fits, what material they are, what would be best for the customer. So I'm here today to help shed a little bit of light on the knee sleeve that would be best for you. Lead-FTS carries nine variations of knee sleeves, the shock doctor 864 knee support, the rock tape knee caps, the super heavy elite FTS knee sleeve, the heavy elite FTS knee sleeve, the metal IPF knee sleeve, the Tommy Coneau knee band, the Ray Bond, Ray band, not sunglasses, knee sleeves, 7751W for women, the 7751, this one we have in Camo, and then the classic 7051 blue Ray band knee sleeve. First we have the shock doctor 864 knee sleeve. It's a lighter knee sleeve, a little bit thinner, it's very breathable, sweat-wicking material. You'll notice that there's a vent portion behind the knee to help you get rid of that sweat, not get your knee or skin too hot for your toughest athletic workouts. You have reinforced points on the side to help you pull it up, and if you notice there's this tacky material on the inside to make sure it doesn't slide. We think it's these sleeve for athletes, it's great for box jumps, probably pushes sprints. Anything where you want a little support and warmth for the knee that won't get in your way or become uncomfortable. It's 1995 per sleeve. Next up is the rock tape knee cap, which is a great multipurpose knee sleeve. It's made out of 7 millimeters of knee-o-prein all the way around, and has a classic knee sleeve construction. It comes in cool colors, but more importantly, I think, is that it's quadruple reinforced stitching. It's also very popular with a CrossFit crowd. These things last a while are in our tremendous value compared to most other 7 millimeter knee-o-prein knee sleeves on the market. Next up is the lead FTS heavy knee sleeve. Now this one's near and dear to my heart because it's the first knee sleeve I ever owned. It's very affordable at 28.95 per pair. Rather than a knee-o-prein approach, a lead FTS decided to go with a single-pipe poly material. It gives you a decent amount of warmth, but even more support, especially if you select a smaller size. Now, more importantly compared to all of the other sleeves today, you'll notice that there is absolutely no stitching except at the ends. Meaning that these are highly durable sleeves perfect for power lifting and contrasts the lead FTS heavy knee sleeve, which is a great all-purpose knee sleeve for athletes and power lifters. We have the lead FTS super heavy knee sleeve. Made out of two plies of the same poly material in the same one piece design. This thing is designed for support. And if you get a size that's tight enough, some awesome rebound out of the hole almost like a knee wrap. They are 38.95 for the pair. Next, we have the metal IPF knee sleeve. If you own anything from metal, you know that our finished friend specializing quality. So if you need a little Viking power, take a look at this 7-millimeter knee-o-prein knee sleeve. As the name suggests, it's approved by the IPF and the US APL for raw competition. It features a custom stitch design in the back, reinforced all the way across the leg, as well as through the front, to provide extra support and rebound out of the hole during your squad attempts. Next, we have the Tommy Cono TK band. A time tested and proven design, it's one piece with reinforced stitching across the back with a thick knee-a-prein material, with a rubberized interior. The TK band has been around since the 1960s and has a proven track record for Olympic weight lifters, power lifters, athletes and everything in between. At 39.95 a pair, it's also one of the less expensive options of knee-sleeves on the market today. In a more recent addition to our line, we have the Ray Bond 7751 and 7751W. Both knee-sleeves are made out of a 5-millimeter knee-o-prein material in an athletic cut to provide you support, warmth and mobility for any lift you may be trying to accomplish. Whether it's a box jump, a power clean, a deadlift, a squat, pushing the prowler or something else, these knees-leads will keep you warm and give you support so you're pain-free and ready to go. Now, for the stronger crowd or for the ladies at Lycamo, we have the 7751. For the women, the stronger crowd, we have the 7751W, which offers smaller sizes and unique tapered fits to meet the needs of the ladies out there. Finally, we have the Ray Bond 7051. If you watch professional strength sports, you know that this sleeve is chosen by the world's top athletes because it performs. It's made out of 7-millimeter knee-o-prein with a special cut to provide you with awesome pop and rebound out of the hole for squats, great warmth, stability, support, and mobility for Olympic lifts. It's an extremely versatile sleeve that brings a lot to the table and it's one of our favorites here to lead FTS. Now that you've gotten the quick overview about our selection and these sleeves, and I've seen them in use, go to leadfts.com for more details. Thank you.