Hey guys, you're back good at leadFTS.com, equipment sales. Down here in Mary North Carolina at MacDowell High School with leadFTS.com's own Joey Smith from Neville Barbell. Joey, thanks for having me. Thanks, Matt. I appreciate it. We just got done installing five double half racks platform, zero 90 pages, dumbbell racks. This room came out of the nominal. You had to be pretty important this year. You had your hand in this. Can you tell us how you came about raising the money for this, how you got involved, and how it came to this point we're right today. Nine months ago last year, my daughter and I sit down and came up with an idea to raise money for the high school to better the white-brown the white-proof facility. I graduated 22 years ago in the white-brown that was here. It was the same one here that I used when I graduated high school. I spent here since 1981, outdated, broken, bent bars, bent dumbbells, just terrible equipment. I had the means and the ability. I know a bunch of people, luckily that wanted to give and to help in the community. My team at Neville Barbell has been extremely helpful. We had the streets, we had done fun raising events, we had done a Titan bench brass, a competition for the high school, we were to raise money, we had bank sales, we collected money at home football games, money jahars, that we just went around through the crowd and told him what it was for, we passed out flowers around the community, went to a lot of different businesses, we ended up collecting total for our group, $15,000, that we raised in nine months. The school board here at McDonald County, max that money, and together we put together we had $30,000, that's great, and nods months. That's what I did. I mean, T&D bows out here at Full Force today. It was really cool to see that matcha take pride this week. They were never here from the time of delivery to the Tommy finish, the installment, and it was really cool to see how they all felt like they were part of this. They are a part of this. Half my team was here today, half of them could be here, but most of them took days off and worked days off. They're family days away on an off day to come here and help get this install help you out. Make their life cool easier. But they did, they take great pride in this, 90% of my gym went to this high school, or are still going to this high school. I have several McDonald's, I think, athletes training my facility. So they've been excited about this, they've been waiting on this, and I'm not going to lie. I'm 40 years old, but I felt like Christmas was coming today. It's a very exciting day for me to see your hard work, materializing the what we see here. I've been emotional all day, I've been excited all day, I'm very proud. And I want to thank all the people that helped me from $1 to $1,000. My team at General Nibobar Bell has been influential in this entire process. And I couldn't do that without an especially my tight moms. I got to give my tight moms some love, Christian Wright. She got a fantastic job today, organized and helping with the food and drinks and stuff. Feed in all of us, hungry, meatheads out here, you know, today. David Moore, he's my right hand man, I learned a lot of this, you didn't get to meet David Dake, because he's on vacation, I'm worse, I was there with you Dave. But there's a lot of people that would take me a long time to name everybody, but they know who they are. Yeah, I mean, it's really cool to see you. I mean, the way that that whole team kind of rallies were on this pretty cool. So I can tell you really have a good thing going in your mobile phone. It's spread out to community. You built the weight when you're dreams at your high school. Yeah. I had the opportunity to do the same thing in my high school. It's the best thing in the world. It is. So again, congratulations. Thanks for having us. Thank you John. This is really fantastic. Guys, don't forget, Joey at www.letfts.com, follow us log, follow me Nibobar Bell. How else can we get a hold of your Facebook? Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. My daughter's helping me with that stuff. YouTube as well. We post all of our team videos. We're actually doing a thing now. I decided that the day at the gym that we're adding. But you lead FTS is helping me from day one. Thanks, Joey. Thanks, Joey. Thanks. Thanks.