Man, that's, I mean, there's where it's going to go one of two ways in my opinion. It is the high-performance directors and the Australian models that have been popping up. They're either going to take over or it's going to regress. To everybody in their own little thing and what I'm hoping happens is something I'm trying to do, you go out and push and create relationships and things like that, bringing in all the different departments and integrating and having a comprehensive integrated approach where you're letting the experts do their thing. Man, I might teach in a PT department, but I'm not going to know how to activate that kid's internal little bleak. I'm going to leave that up to them, but I'm going to have them in there. I'm, dude, I've made it through stats. I didn't do stats. I made it through. I survived. All right, so I'm going to extend the stat, I want to get a statistician to be able to run those things and interpret things properly, because I know I've made mistakes before. I hope that it goes and integrates with everything with all the different departments. Nobody is smart enough to know all this crap. We got our smart phones and maybe a series going to come up with, hey, I want to be the ultimate strength coach, so I can tell you how to do every single thing. There are a lot of times when I know what questions to ask. Do a perfect example is there was a guy that I was talking to at a conference and he was saying he was trying to figure out a way to measure power output from vertical jump. You're trying to measure power from a vertical jump, huh? Yeah, you're trying how long you've been working on this man. I've been working on this for years. I think I'm on the edge. So I just doesn't have anything on me. I'm freaking away ahead. Go, okay. What about this? Dixarget back in 1924 doing the vertical jump test and then, you know, that formula granted, it wasn't very accurate, but then there was Harman in 1974 who came out with one of the premier equations to get peak in a republic power in Watts from vertical jump. So he's by a lot of people. Sairs in 91. It's like congratulations. You're so far ahead, you're 90 years to, you know, let's see, let's even get them credit. You're only 40 years behind. And the problem is you just didn't know what to look for because he was afraid to ask somebody and, you know, look stupid. You know, I'm kind of like, Alan, pretty sure I'm a dumbest guy in the room. So I'm not afraid to ask a stupid question. So I want to go find those things out. I hate it when he says that because I'm like, he's a dumbest guy in the room. Like, I'm in big trouble. I'm in big trouble. I mean, I think the level, the level talk with levels one, two and three, like, you know, certain other foreign countries have is really interesting something that we might, you know, go that route. You know, I mean, in the world of personal training, they're talking licensure and certain states have been trying to talk licensure for a while. I don't know that, you know, I don't know that's good or not. But if kids keep dying, it could go very well. Go that way. If Congress gets hold of it. I'd really like to see some sort of levels and different levels and something that's a more organization that could collaborate on to create these levels, which would be something and down the future, you know, we've kind of got a partial fix with the registered trained coach program in the registry that you have to prove that you have hands-on experience. So you have to be in the field to become in the registry, a major league baseball adopted it. So everyone in all their levels has to be a registered trained coach. It's a, you know, it's on that route, hopefully, to that level, which would be nice if we could all get on the same page about that. And how about an August where the NCAA finally passed something that you've actually going to be certified? Yeah, huge, huge new ruling that the NCAA adopted with that health and safety stuff that nationally accredited certification is going to be required for D1's trained coaches. So that was a huge step because that's going to really require, you know, some real sense, them really looking at it and looking at, you know, hey, okay, we've recognized that accreditation means something and that these two organizations are accredited and on the way to making this profession get lifted up a little bit. And, you know, some places, it's really good. I have a lot of great respect at their universities and their settings and some, they still think we're knuckle draggers that just do whatever in the weight room. So we've got to keep working together to elevate that profession. Yeah, I think too, once you get in a certain spots to help people out, I know I get tons of emails a day on young coaches. And actually, I try to get to all of them if I can't afford them to my assistants, but when you're in a position like us, be willing to talk to people or feel the phone call from a guy that's trying to get into profession. Yeah, you know, I try not to put myself above anybody in regards to, oh, you're just starting out, you got a long road ahead of you. No one's, time I won't spend time with those people's when I got to spend time with my kids and family, right? I mean, but I'm willing to do that, but ultimately I assume I can just learn from people anybody who walks in my gym. I'm willing to sell them talk to, they ask questions and then whether it helps me deliver a message later a little bit better, but I think the profession is getting harder to stay in, I'm sure the burnout rate, I don't know if you guys have numbers, but I mean when people's, yeah, it's pretty high because it is so hard. It is a very hard profession. You come in with passion and yet then it becomes frustrating. I think you got to shake that off, you know, I have a library of 90,000 books and articles and I go to the extra mile to get better and I got coaches who really don't care if I do that or not. You know, they just want to make sure their teams worked out hard and that's fine, but you know, there's no rhyme or reason. You know, I could be mindless when I train their team, but hopefully there's a goal. And I even ask what's your goal? They don't really have a goal. It's just work them hard, make them tough. You know, I tell people, well, like you got to recover. No, yeah, right? Like, well, you were a wrestler, you make up top of all your wrestling. Well, soft kids quit wrestling is what happened. It's not like the wrestling makes anybody tough. Because it don't like wrestling and don't like that stuff and aren't as mentally tough. Then decide to go somewhere else and do something different. You know, so that's the frustrating part of our profession. Yeah. The future, hey, it's getting more tough, you know, harder for those young guys to break in. And it's about networking and probably have to put in hours. I know when I did my GA, I worked 12 hours and I go, oh, you can take class at night and I get home at 10, 30. I think I lost 80 pounds during my GA, which was probably a good thing. But, I mean, I didn't have much time to eat. It was working. You know, I mean, that's just what I, I don't know many people that would have went through that. Oh, yeah. You know, and then just stay with it. I mean, my parents would call, how are you doing? And I tell them, what's going on? They're like, well, you sure you want to do this? And I'm like, yeah, there's no question I want to do this. Yeah. I don't know, you know, a lot of people might not sacrifice to get to where we're at. Oh, yeah. You know, today kids are so, they want that proverbial care about what I'm trying to write there. You know, oh, if I do this internship, I'm going to get a job with you right? Well, I mean, I get 180 resumes sometimes for these jobs. People with masters just not work out on their PhD that have 80 years of coaching. You know, I don't know if I can hire you yet. I mean, I just, you know, I'm looking for the best person. I'm always the, the most qualified, but the right person for the jobs. You know, I mean, I don't necessarily mean the best. I need the, the guy that's the right person for the job, for the teams that he's going to be coaching with me. Yeah. Yeah. We've all got our stories, I know, about the getting in the field. And it's, you know, they care it. I'll tell you how many times I've heard that from our interns. Like, well, why should I have to do this? You know, I've got a bachelor's, like, man. You know, I worked for two years for free. I slept in the wait room because I couldn't make a rent. And then I was, Rick, Rick always loves to tell the story to us. His people, one of them start complaining is I would work. Get there five, 30 in the morning. Sometimes go to class during the day. Be done about 7, 7, 30 at night. Go home, sleep two hours. Go work at the bar because I wasn't, I still wasn't being paid. Go bounce from about 10 till 2 in the morning. Come back, sleep in the wait room and tell his, he took a bumper plate. And when I had a blow up mattress, it was a great thing ever. Yeah, he come near my ear mattress and just slam that plate down. And I had hop up and here we were going all over again. He was Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, all the, you know, every week. And it was, I mean, it was a struggle. But if I'm more for that struggle, man, I know I wouldn't have started improving. It works so hard. You know, you don't have to earn. You know, you're saying, yeah, yeah, it's so anybody who's just making, oh, I want, I want to go get this job. And that's not the person I want. You know, the people I want are the people freaking, you know, the farmers. And the, you know, the people who've been out there working construction and know how to bust their butt. You know, we can educate. But we got to find that like you're saying the right people. You get the wrong person in there, doesn't matter how smart they are. Yeah. As long as it's a pain. The more we keep elevating this profession to the more opportunities it's going to create for other job opportunities. And, you know, obviously some of us will want to stay in division one and college. And some of us will, you know, with the special forces, there's been a lot of opportunity with regular military. There's been a lot of opportunity. It's going to high schools have, have somewhat, but they're still marking our talking about the earlier high schools. It's just unbelievable how much potential there is, you know, if like athletic trainers, where you need to have an athletic trainer every school. If we're able to put forth an initiative where you have to have a strength coach every school. There's going to be so much opportunities to do some other things for experienced coaches. Yeah. Jump marker exploding. Yeah.