People who get locked into a vision. All right, that's it man, that's their drive. That's their passion. Critics don't matter. This don't matter. They're going to do whatever it f***ing takes to be the bastard what they do. Oh, then that's right. Jim, you said you had a bunch of questions too. Yeah, I do. I'm going to just read off a couple here. We put my gun. Yeah, throw a few out. We'll take turn. Okay. Road party answered all of them on Instagram. He didn't quite get the whole concept of, we're putting questions out there to answer. Okay, podcast. We're just figuring, just figuring is going to answer them all. So you go ahead, James. Oh, boy, I've got shit ton here. This is something that I think we all can answer. While I am only using my home gym for five through one during this social distancing, I was thinking about just using the Swiss bar for Bencheng. First of all, you guys like the Swiss bar? Absolutely. Oh, love it. Okay. And do I need to get a new max for the bar? Or should I just use my barbell max? I think we all can agree that you got to have a new max for the Swiss bar. Yes. Entirely different animal. Yes. You know what the hardest thing about? New, new, new max. Yeah, the hardest thing about that bar is learning how to take it off because it wobbles so much. Yeah, exactly. And you got to set your hands right a little bit to the, you know, like a little bit towards your pinky. So it kind of tips back toward you a little bit. But if it's too much, you know, it's just, what do you think of that barbell? It's easy. Yeah, the one thing I want to do. You guys have the Swiss bar. I have the football bar. That thing is that thing is bad answers. There's the difference between those two bars is not to be believed. The Dave sent me another bar though. Oh, did he? Yeah, I don't know which one this. It, I don't know what they call this one. It's not this. I don't think it's the one that you have because you have like a bar in the middle, right? It's yes, which makes it perfect for overhead press, for, for, try stuff extensions, everything. Cause you get, there's more space between there for your head. Okay, all right, that's easy enough. I'm just, I'm gonna just, oh, all right, this one, okay. He's asking, can he do farmers walk three times a week on days off when I don't do, you know, my his weight training is this a good idea or not and how many sets and stuff like that? So I'm gonna answer this question quickly. I'm just gonna throw this out there because you guys would probably ask me the same thing. What's the purpose of the farmers carry? He says he wants to add mass to his traps. Well, I think I think there is a better way to build a bigger yoke than doing farmers carry that. I'll let you guys go with that, but that's just my opinion. This is, if you're gonna do it three times a week, there is a big difference between doing it with 135, three times a week or something similar and doing it with 500 pounds three times a week. Right, and then the distance involved. Yeah, there's so many variables. So it's like saying, I squat seven days a week and then you realize that six of those workouts with like a 35 pound kettlebell, right? And then you can do it three times a week. It just has to be done in such a way that it doesn't affect your other lifts, at least not long term, it may affect your... Oh, you know, the first week or so, but again, like Vincent said, if your main goal is trapped mass, it's still a great thing to do, but it may be at the expense of other things. Yep, exactly. Yeah, there were a lot of guys with super big traps before they were doing farmer's carries. You remember, Vincent, I bring this up, who was that great venture out of Minnesota? He was the only one. Yes, Andy, people would take a ball, any feedler, yeah. Oh, I saw him at the Arnold one time, he was wearing a wife beater. I've never seen traps like that in my life. Dude, absolute monster, amazing lift or two. He went into bodybuilding. And I know he did a little acting too. We were acquaintances and then he fell off the map and I never really heard from him again, but I heard people had seen him around and he was still an absolute beast. But he had the biggest traps, I think I've never seen in my life and I bet you he wasn't doing farmer's carry. And lots of guys were doing big traps. And I've learned a lot this week, especially a correspondent with you guys and just some stuff with Dave, because I've had a breakthrough that a lot of this crap out here is completely unnecessary. There's too much information out there. There are guys which I can't attract, who never did a farmer's walk, a tire flip, lifted a keg, they lifted weights, and if they wanted to get conditioned, they ran or walked or whatever. But I just, I fall, you know, you know, I am a sucker, you know, I'll fall into the traps. And once I left powerlifting, everything kind of went downhill. And now I've just gone back to the roots of, yeah, if you want traps, you don't have to, you could, you could deadlift a lot. Yeah. Seems to do a lot for a lot of people's traps. Yeah. The thing I like about the farmers' carry, it's loaded carries are really good for you. But like Jim said, you've got to be smart about it if you're gonna do it multiple times a week. You can't be a hero. Like, sometimes I'll do it, because I can walk out the door of our weight room to the football field. We put like 95 or 135 pounds on where ristraps and make a quarter mile walk. We know one lap or on the track. And done. And then, you know, I feel it for a couple days. But it's nothing, like, I wouldn't do anything crazy because like, one of you guys said, it's gonna hurt your other stuff. It's gonna negatively affect you. So you gotta be smart with everything you do. You can't just, you know, you can't really go nuts with anything because it's gonna hurt something else. And it's probably, you know, at our age, it's gonna hurt us. We're gonna, we hurt ourselves. Here's, here's, I think, a good way to say it is, if his main goal for training is to add master your traps and it's fine. If your main goal of training is to get, you know, your bench-ups quite up, they lift up, then maybe you need to find another way. Yeah. Agreed. I think a lot of the stuff, a lot of the exercise just get lost because people just see so much and they're just so bombarded with information on social media. That it's like, I should try this, I should try this. And they just start sprinkling more and more junk in. And again, I've been, you know, that's happened to me and what read and something Dave wrote and put out there is like, you can probably cut a third to the half of your stuff out and your workout will be great. And you know, that's what I have done without even a before I even read that. I just started whittling it down because my body could only take so much. But even when I was at my strongest, I was like, I never thought about going out to do farmers' carries. I'm like, I'm a power lifter. I had a program and I stuck with that. The thing we did well as power lifters too is we really only did what was necessary. We did, right, very little but we did that very little well in with a purpose. Our back work was for a purpose to build our bench, our deadlift, our squat. Everything we did was purposeful and there was very little wasted time other than the 18 minutes between taking 135 and 225. You know, it's interesting, bro, it's when people ask what we do at London for the football team and I tell them what we do. They're always surprised that we don't do this thing or that thing or this thing. And then I think the mark that you've kind of figured some stuff out, I'm not saying this is the only thing is when you've been able to chop away at all the stuff that is insignificant so that you can focus on what is significant and sometimes that gets lost, especially when you're about a and not a beginner usually, but usually when you get down of that beginner phase and you start reading more and more because you're making progress and whatnot. And you end up just throwing everything in the fucking mix and then nothing becomes important then. So you do to do it. Yeah, and sometimes like, like for example, just for example, let's say you are a power lifter. And you know, you got four months to your next meet. And if you want to fuck around a little bit, that's a good idea keeps you fresh maybe and you have some fun. I remember one time after a meet myself and Kevin DeWise, we did chains, rate releases and reverse band. Do we put everything we put on the bar? Just like I asked the stupidest thing we could think of. And it was fun. And that's not something I would do obviously, you know, when you're meet prep and all that other stuff. But one of the things that I liked about when I started doing programming, I always said I could only do three exercises a workout. That was my goal. And it's not because that's a magic number or anything like that. It just forced me to say, is this really that necessary? And I think people would do, you know, do themselves a favor, not saying you do it all the time. But you know, what can I do in these, you know, I got three movements here. I know I'm going to do a main one where the two other assistance movements I could do. And you really start like, well, shit, you know, dips just as an example cover a lot of areas. Block it, we're going to do that. Yep. It's just something to think about, I think, with overall programming. And especially the weird thing about powerlifting is you only have one goal really to get a big total for example, right? And so it should be easier to win away the bullshit. But the problem is you're kind of bored because that's all you're really going to do. Now the irony is when you go to athletics, there's, you know, million things you got to train for. And so that's when it really comes into play. And I mean, it's, you know, people always, I see a lot of weird stuff obviously that athletes do and stuff. And it's like my oldest son always asking, like, listen, do it at the end of the day. This is GPP and all that stuff. Like, do the squat will cover a lot of areas, you know, for you or the trap bar deadlift or the deadlift or whatever. And so now you're doing one exercise at a seven. This is nothing that's groundbreaking. I mean, we've discussed this a million times. Right. But I think it bears repeating because when you use your basic setup there are three lifts, ones of main lift and you have two assistance lift. It forces you to choose wisely. Like, I like doing flies. Well, that's my only, you know, upper body movement or my only push movement I can do for a day. I'm not getting a lot of bang for my buck doing that. What's better? You need on press and overhead press, dumbbells, dips, whatever it forces you to choose exercises that are going to get you, yeah, I'll get my chest work or whatever, but I'm going to get shoulders and I'm going to get tri-cells and all that stuff. So you get the lot of things involved. I'll try to get you one of me. This is, you see that? It says nails. Yeah. All right. Here's the guys from nails have released. I think four albums, okay. And I think the longest album is like 18 minutes. Total. Okay. And they asked, should I count? I'm not. Whoever the singer in guitarist is, why do you guys do that? And he said, you ever list like a 10 minute song or whatever, any kind of song. And said, there's that one really cool part. You're like, yeah. He said, I only want to play that cool part. Yeah. So it's funny because just from a songwriting standpoint, that's how Joey and I write songs. We just jam jam jam and it's like, fuck this man. This part's not awesome. We call it the band The Roof part. When you're in your car, you hear something awesome. Yeah. Yeah. That's all right. And it's the same thing with training. It's especially important with athletes because you got, there's so much other shit going on that you have to be like listening. Because there's going to be concessions to make. Right? I mean, I can't wait. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. And the same basic idea is apply except with power lifting, you have to kind of hold yourself back a little bit. Because you're going to start doing everything. And you guys know a love cascaro. He's one of my love Allen. You guys familiar with it? Talk like that. Yeah. Yeah. He once told me he's like, when I first started training, I wanted to get a big chest so I would bench press. And then I read about incline press. So I started doing inclines. Nice. Said, oh, dumbbells are awesome. So you started doing all kinds of different dumbbells. And he's like, then I read him off flies. He's by the end of like six months, I had 13 exercises I was doing. So again, you know, it's funny because when I joined a local gym here to do the machines, I was doing machine circuits, roads came with me a couple times. There's so many fucking options that it's going to a commercial gym is very difficult if you don't know what you're doing. Because it's like being in like a whole house with a bunch of like, hot, you know, 35 different hot women. Like, when am I going to choose? Right? Cool. Exactly. One of the good reasons why like if you just have a power racket home, it forces you to be creative and it forces you to do focus on what's important. So we really beat this fucking question down. Yeah. But I just want to say the thing to road. Right. Wasn't there a professional who had told you once that what the problems is people need to make things more. The make to make to make them look more important than they really are. You have to, you have to like kind of confuse people. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah, right? Yeah, I apply. You got to put your existence. Yeah, I applied for a job in and on my speed. Development program wasn't complicated enough. And what's cool is the guy called he didn't have to call me. But he did. It was a Friday night and he called me and it was a private phone call. And he's like, that's what they were talking about. And I'm like, well, cool. I don't want to work for someone like that. You know, I don't want to work for a for a sport coach that thinks they know my job better than I do because I would never tell them how to coach their sport. And it's so it was a blessing. I'm not making as much money as I would have, but I wouldn't want to work for someone like that that it's got to be complicated. Come on. Run. Lift. You know, push some sleds, run up some hills. You know, have a little pride in your training and you run faster. It's crazy. Hey, Vincent, I don't know if you know this, but you have something sticking out of your ear, buddy. Oh, it's a headphone. I know. I can't believe I just answered that, too. I've definitely, I've definitely been cooped up way too long. I thought it was a really sticky seamen drop. Something about Mary. It's to fix my hair. Is that your hair? Yeah, can I try? I like this question. All right, going looking back now, what looking back now, what were some ideas or dogmas, that weren't as important as they seem to be regarding training, life, et cetera. Like what was something that like, when you were younger and training, like just falls deep and training that was, was it dog with you that probably isn't that important now? Or what are some that weren't important then that are still important now? Rhodes, you can go. I have to think about this one a little bit. Yeah, I do too. You got to think of good. Yeah, the biggest one was just two things, bigger is better. Just getting as big as possible, which didn't work at the time. You know, I just, yeah, I got bigger and I got stronger. And that conditioning was a waste of time. If I had it to do it again, I wish I would have done some conditioning along the way and a little bit of stretching, but I thought those things were taboo in a waste of time and I think a little could have been a long way. And I see that now, and especially you kind of pay the price. But I think they could have, they could have definitely helped a little bit, mitigate some of the damage without hitting the performance. Yeah, I agree. I think if you want to get stronger as a power lifter, bigger is better. But being conditioned, I wish, like you said, I wish I was in better condition. I wish I had stretched a little bit more. I wish I had paid a little more attention to my hip and my back mobility. But like you said, it was you, you can't condition and be a good power lifter. Well, and this is an extreme example. Football players do it all the time. Yes. Obviously extreme, but we don't need to go and run wind sprints or 40s or whatever. It's, we could have taken our happy asses out and gone from mile walk five times a week to supplement our training. And yeah, that's conditioning and it would have made us a little bit better. But we just, we didn't do it. Yeah, when I was my heaviest when I was a, uh, 320, whatever, 20, I could do you, you were a big, win-win. I never made it to 330, but I could walk around a half mile block. But in a couple of weeks, like you said, I only take three weeks to get in better condition. Yep. And three weeks I was doing with a weight vest. Uh, you know, I could have just been doing that all along even a half mile or a mile walk. And it wouldn't have been difficult. And I could have stood in that heavy. And it would probably would have provided a lot of recovery, a little bit of conditioning, probably just kept me from feeling just, like complete ass. And only time never felt good being that big with when I was actually lifting. Other than that, that's pretty, I was more worthless than I am now. Yeah. I think the thing with that is, is we always heard that running in conditioning. I don't know what other worthless is, is, it's gonna, it's gonna hit. What was it for you guys? These, this is Vince, this is what Vince's worth was. That was it. That was, that, that, that, that and I kept drinks cake alive. All right, I'm sorry, bye. I don't know what I was saying. I love it. Next, what probably wasn't important or true. The, you know, Jimmy, you got a question? Well, what I was going to say, the thing that I continually went in and out of. And I still do to some degree is, is it, is it, is it trusting my, where my heart is, or what I believe is right? And I think there were certain times where I didn't trust myself. As an example, you know, of course we all grew up without the internet. And so for all those years that I was training, I learned a lot of shit. And then when now all this information came, it was a lot of it when you read it was not what I had experienced. But because I didn't, that cool was I. I don't, you know, I was only this guy or this guy. And I'd read, you know, these guys were supposed to have experts. And I would be like, well, that's totally not what I believe. And like, that my experience, and I'm like, well, they must no better than me. You know, they got an initials after their name. Right. And this goes for just about everything in life. And so one of the things that I've always tried to do is, you can kind of follow your instinct or your gut, where it's going, and every time that I've done that, every fucking time I was, it served me well. And that that goes from relationships to to lifting to whatever. So so now it's like whenever I get like that rumble, like the, you know, the one thing I love to say is, if there is a doubt, there is no doubt. So if anything comes up, I'm just like, you know what? I don't feel comfortable doing this. I'm out of here or whatever. You know, yeah. I wish I would have trusted myself a little bit more. And you know, that's just part of growing up too. And part growing up is knowing like, you know, someone's better at something. In fact, then I'll listen. I'm okay with that. But a lot of times like you, you know, your part of stuff, it's the biggest eye openers when you start meeting people in person. Right. And you'll meet someone like Holy shit dude, like, Hey, how the fuck do you know anything? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's, it's ironically that's kind of what the internet has, four people do. They don't get to meet anyone. And, and you don't get to nuance that maybe what they're saying or what they're coaching. And that's one of the things that, you know, I always joke to the kids that they may ask me a question about training or something. I'm like, listen man, there's two realities. There's the internet and then there's the real world. So let's just stay in the real world because what you're reading now is a bunch of ballooning, you know? And like, I'll give you an example, Roads and I'm sure you've got this. When they ask you like, why don't you guys do this with your kids or whatever? And I'm like, dude, there's one of me. One for every fuck. You know, the time you would take to administer and even coach half the shit. And I always, someone asked me a question about some obscure power training thing. What do, like, when I get kids, they can't do push-ups. Like, what is the, what about the Abrahamic flexion principle? Yeah, let's skip right to step 22. So when they can't do a bodyweight squat, the same way, you know, five reps in a row. Yeah, so it's, it's, I guess, but anyway, but that would be the, I mean, I think Vincent made the good points and we've discussed that many times about, you know, we would have changed, but at the same time, man, Vincent, what was your main goal as to bench 600, right? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So I could have walked. I could have, why do you think walking a little bit of a debt to mental? Well, I think it's going to be the worst. That's not the point. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's still worse. What you'd, yeah, was for who you were at that point in time was perfect. And Vincent, honestly, if I told you, like when I first met you was in Boston, if I wanted to took you aside, like listen, I know I just met you, but you're going to have to be talking via hurdle, you know, for some mobility, and here's a weight best buddy, back yourself out. I thought the fuck is this guy? Right. Yeah, you got, you got, you got valid points. And there's an old saying when the, the student is ready, the master appears. So sometimes you're just not ready to take on whatever information that you, you know, that in hindsight would be good. It's just, you wouldn't have listened. And that's okay because you've benched what you wanted to bench. And so, you know, you know, there's a lot of stuff Matt and I talk about this a lot because we, Matt has his chair at our house. He has a chair. Yeah. And I have a couch and we just sit there and we like sometimes we'll be talking like, you know, back in the, I wish we would have done this. I'm like, yeah, you know, we weren't ready for that. And I wouldn't have, I wouldn't have, I'd never listened to anyone as it is. I wouldn't have listened back then. I was a lot more hard at it. So I, I just don't, you know, I did what I wanted to do. I kind of very, that makes me sleep very well at night that I did the things I wanted to do. And so when people asked me those questions, I like that, I wouldn't change that. You know, you benched up, that's fucking awesome. I mean, you did it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry, but yeah. But it part of the learning process, too. You've got to do a bunch of things wrong to then figure out, I probably should have done this. Or, you know, you know, these, I'm going to go off on a tangent here. All those people say, I have no regrets. So I get a ton of regrets about, you know, just, I think I've been around for a lot of what? I said, I've been around for a lot of them. Yeah, I'm sure it was a certain size guy. Remember that story? It's a looting me. Someone's dissenting. It's a looting me at this time. I was going to post the picture of you dressed up for Halloween as a very lovely lady. Uh, I'm pretty new. I'm pretty new. I'm pretty new. I figured, I figured you had a professional, you know, you got a job. I got, I couldn't really, I put that out there. I am true. Hey, I don't know how you got to hold with that. I still have it. I showed it to Justin. Oh, that's all. Don't worry, Jeff, I will, Jim, I will text it to you. You can do it. I'll hold it up to the screen. No one will see. Yeah. I'm just going to start the video. There's right now. I don't have the disappear for a second. No, I'm just joking. Well, now I use that photo a lot. Yeah, about two o'clock at night when you got a bowner, can't sleep. Oh, all of you guys, I do. I mean that too. No sarcasm. Can't part with these magazines. I'm using a lot. See who's laughing now when the internet goes down because the fucking coronavirus has stack of jugs. I know. And me, remember that magazine? We trying to pass out. Yeah, I'm just going to pour in like it's classy. I mean, you might have no idea what we're talking about now. You got to be at least 40, I'm going to imagine. Good times. Who's got another one? Uh, no, no, no, no, no, no. Um, all right, this is for you, Vincent. Yes, sir. Vincent, what mental challenges come with reducing body weight and shifting goals away from maximal strength? I will have something to add. Seems like a lot of people struggle with the ego portion. I eat the recurring question. Everyone gets how to reduce body fat and get stronger. Real quick, I, one of the things I think is key is you did what you wanted to do. Ben 600, that makes things a lot easier. Go ahead. Yes, you, that's exactly how I was going to answer it. So, uh, you know, I would have never, I would have probably never been 600 pounds. If I didn't get up to 330 pounds. Uh, and then as I work my way down, I was able to get it at 308. That was able to get at 275. I made my best equipped bench 900 at 275. So, you know, I'm kind of a way that I wasn't, uh, that I was sacrificing my strength because I hit my strength goals first. I think a lot of people are trying, a lot of people are trying to do both at the same time. And, you know, it's, it's a complete, utter waste of time. You want to get stronger, get bigger. You're not dead, green. Uh, you're not Larry wheels. You're not, you're not, you're not the acceptance of the rule. You're not going to be shredded, you know, bench in 600 pounds, colon, you know, you look, you look at the, you look at the, you look at the, the guys you're competing in the strong man. You look at Thor, you look, these guys are, are leader at times, the bigger at others. And all depends on what your goal is. So, you know, if your goal is to be a strongest pull, you certainly wouldn't be trying to lead out. Yeah. So, I guess the answer to the question is, your mental hurdle, what didn't need to be cleared as much because you had done your goals prior. Like you just, that's what you wanted to do. Yeah. And I, yeah. And I knew I wasn't going to be a stronger. You know, I, I still deal with it a bit now, just, you know, the, not being as big as big as strong as I was, but it's, you know, that's just part of the, I could have been in the coffin at 45 and been big and strong till that day, probably. So, you know, it's all what's important to you, but yeah, I didn't have to deal with that. I have to deal, what I have to mentally deal with is being smaller now, which is hard. That's that's difficult because I actually felt better about myself when I was over 300 pounds than I do now being a much better shape. But yeah, it's weird. Yeah, it's big. It's big. It's fun. Be in big as cool. I thought I was 300 pounds of twisted steel and sex appeal. Not like, I get abs and veins. I'm like, man, I look terrible. What the hell is wrong with you? Yeah, you love posting those pictures with your shirt pulled up like a teenage girl. I'll do it. I love those. I'm not much here. Everyone take a picture. Oh, my God. I'm so fat. Oh, my God. I'm so fat. Rhodes was very impressed with my leggings yesterday. Oh, God. I have a pair of them, but I wear shorts over them or I wear pants over them outside when it's cold out. Right, I train in my basement by myself. I know. Why do you do that? I do that myself. I still dress appropriately. Yeah, that's why I have that picture of you as Britney Spearish. You're a little bit scared of me. I had a lot of high beams that night. When you take off, are you sure the James does it smell like pussy? I'm not touching that. Not even going to hear that one. Not touching it. Nope. But that's funny. I wanted to share, I wanted to share, I did a lot post the other day. And it was, I wanted to share how much you guys really have helped me out and as much as we break each other's balls. Jim gave me the the best advice ever. I never saw conditioning as like a skill. And because I was never any good at it, I never thought what I was doing was going to be detrimental to my training or to my recovery or to my body. And now that I look back at it, just throwing the 88 pound or the 80 pound weight that's doing three mile death marches every day and 90 degree heat and doing carries on my trail and sprinting and air-dying sprints and burpees. And because I wasn't, I'm not across it, athlete. I never really thought how that affects me. And someone had actually asked about conditioning, if you want to be really conditioned, that's your one hard thing versus weightlifting, versus training. Yeah. I never thought of just psychotic prowler pushes as being, you know what? That's my goal for today. My goal isn't to hand wrap on squat deadlift or bench. You know, that's needs to take a real back seat. That's almost like D-Load work as far as numbers are concerned compared to conditioning. So I think anybody who might be in the case, there's a lot of people who hit me up with questions because they're trying to lose weight, they're trying to get in better condition. And that's one thing I've totally screwed up. Losing the weight was all calories. You can't condition off calories really well. We've talked about that. Yes. I mean, it's really hard to do that. But if you want to get better conditioned, it will take a toll. If even if you're not good at it, it's going to, it's going to deplete your bank account. Well, the thing is, if you're not very good at it, it's going to deplete you even more. And yeah, I never thought of that. Vincent is referring to, we have a massive group text between all three of us. And sometimes we'll go two months without anything. And I'll just be whatever. But I think Vincent had some injury problems and stuff. And I think what you're referring to as I said, dude, at our age, and really almost any age for the most part. You got one hard thing in yet. And then everything else has to kind of be. You know, for example, if your goal was to bend 600 pounds, you wouldn't push the prolery three days a week. You would take a stroll with your headphones in, you know, for two or three miles. And that would be it. But I think that's, and I always jokingly say, the guy's that can do this, the conditioning at a high level and then squat at a high level and jump at a high level. They're called linebackers in the NFL. Right. Yeah. You know, one of the things I think, and I don't want to like be Nancy negative, but you're not like you said, Vincent, you're not dang green or laryr wheels. And you know, you're not, who's, who's that linebacker, Luke Keakley, you know? Yeah. And that's okay. Just be you. And the crazy thing Vincent is, like, when I got into a really good shape, my workouts for conditioning were done in such a way that it was super easy. And I just let the momentum build up. And so when I actually did kind of do a trial, I was like, Holy shit, this is so easy. So I never really burned myself on it. So there's a way to do it. But you, here's the best way, like, most of the shit you use shouldn't be Instagram friendly or social media, it should be boring. Right. And consistent. You know, you don't need to be a YouTube star every to work out. Yep. So I'm looking at your life. Here's more. I'm talking. You're not looking at the fucking camera. You're like, I'm looking at you guys. I'm looking at you guys because I miss you so much. Back at you, Adjobreller. Well, I already talked when we do the next, uh, the NOMV, I've already got my general idea of what I'm going to do. But I think we should still, as we should always push the proler. Just, it doesn't have to be a challenge. Just I'll, we'll do a mile. Yeah. By the way, you know, that the half mile track, the right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Julia did a 25 in each side so that would be 50 plus 940 pounds. You took one fucking break today. Oh, one break. So she pushed it, you know, you guys were, when you go up the hill first. Yep. Am I the stop sign? Julia. Yep. One break. And then someone started talking to her. She kept on talking to us. Yeah. We got back. Very good for us. We're going to do it. We go after one off Sleeves and sunglasses and people, we got one talk to these idiots. So, but then the point behind our knees, we did it. Yes. Between, uh, between that. Right. Right. Yeah. I always think I always yell my athletes for putting their hands on their knees. I was pulling. We're not in prison now. Stand up. And uh, I'm the first one to grab my shorts and lean over and be like, this is, this is the greatest minute break of my life. Funny is when I, uh, when we have an athlete who's hurt, I during practice, we'll push the prowler, you know, for around the field probably six times. So it's just me and this guy. And I, because of, again, I don't let people put their hands in an easier show weakness. And that's a learn trait by what it's a skill because you got to be, how to stand tall, you're tired. Man, I have, I catch myself almost all the time. Just want him about to put my hands down like, I know they're fucking watching. Because the kids will call you out right away. Oh, absolutely. I'm going to get caught by a corner red hat today. If any of my kids watch this, because I yell at him for wearing colors that aren't our colors, I'm in my living room. I'm not a work. I'm going to wear my school hat, but I'm going to get anyone at watch is I'm going to get my balls busted over that. They see everything. Just like we see everything. They see everything. Vincent. I got a good question. Yes, sir. Did yours, is your school completely done or did they say like, may first or something? As of right now, it's through the end of, I think like the middle to end of April, but there's, there's an, it's a Connecticut because we're close to New York per capita. I think we're a fourth worst in the country. So I don't see it going back this year. We're all doing distance learning. Did you guys see the gun shop on her in California? Yes, good video. He's like, listen, the reason why you gotta wait three days is because of you, the fuckers, you're the ones that brought us crap. Yeah, play me. So I called, I called my buddy. I was like the eye, I had plenty of toilet paper, I have plenty of food. The only thing I didn't have was plenty of ammo. And I have a friend, my buddy Bob, my buddy Rob could get anything. This is, you know, when you have that friend, I have, yeah, he, yeah, yeah, Rob, like he, just the best friend, any human could ever have. And as I said, I know there's no ammo out there. He's like the next day he had a bucket of 350 rounds for me. He's like, don't worry about it. I know a guy. Is that right? Yeah. So now we'll, we're all stocked up here in the Desanzo House and everything that we need. We don't have to go anywhere. We got a trail in the backyard, we got a hot tub in the backyard. We got, we just got everything we need. We got the every, we, we were way, head on that trend. Yeah, I got 2000 rounds ammo here, so I'm okay. I got to get that one back from, yeah. I still have room to charge. What did, yeah. Did you have to take it away with Jim? Was he, was he being depressed again? No, no, no, no, he was, he wanted to use it to see if he wanted to actually buy one. And I totally forgot it was up there last time I was up there. What's funny is, uh, that's the, that's the story you told him Jim? That's the story you told him. Well, what's, I just, I want to borrow for a little, a little out. It's not going to keep depression that you're in that. It's like, uh, you're the trap bar at Merfs, the became. Yeah, it's just, bring my trouble. We're about to get back to my life. We thought about it. I'll talk to you later about rifles and stuff, uh, roasts. Yeah. So I got, I had my eye in a couple. Nice. They are the, the company I looked at in a vestie. I think, uh, I went to their webpage just to browse everything is out of stock. Every all that. I bet everything. Yeah, it's insane. Yeah, I, yeah, I want, I want some shock codes. I wonder what I'll ever be able to get those again. I, uh, we don't, you, there's nothing better than the gun industry than Democrats. Yeah. I'm going to get a shot of the gun. Yeah, people coming, buddy. Like, they love Beethoven work. The fucking total failure as a human, but he's done some for the gun industry. Do my, uh, I owe all this son, uh, he, uh, he knows a guy, a group of kids, that when they don't, they want to play a prank on someone. They'll take the, uh, the political science from someone's yard and just put all Beethoven's or work science in front of the cops. I don't know who, who did this, uh, it wasn't him, but uh, that's, that's how they, uh, that's how they pranked their buddies. It's pretty, uh, it's pretty funny. I'm, I'm a proud father, man. Um, yes. Do anybody. I got a question that I have. I have a question that I want to answer, uh, that you guys met helped me out with this one. Someone asks how important our loot unilateral lower body exercises for power lifters. And I'm going to say they're completely unimportant whatsoever. And the reason I'm going to say this is because when I was talking about Matt about programming for myself, even recently, I was doing a single leg deadlift dumbbell deadlift. And he's like, you know, there could be some instability there, and especially with everything going on with my body. I'm like, oh, but they're good for me, for stretching, you know, it's good movement. Well, I could take care of my stretching, my movement, my mobility, by stretching and doing mobility work, and just keep my lifting, my lifting. So it was amazing how much more stability I had just going to stiff leg dumbbell deadlifts, you know, for both legs versus doing a single leg. I even as because of that, because my hips are so screwed up, I dropped the elevated split squats because one side was just so much easier than the other. And since dropping those unilateral lower body exercises, I actually feel infinitely better. You know, I let my stretching mobility take care of my stretching mobility and my weight lifting and my strength training is my weight lifting and my strength in your case, Vincent, like just let's just use the single leg dumbbell deadlift. My first thing would be just using this partner's your warm up. It doesn't even have to be weighted. And right, you know, and it's kind of one of the same lines. And I get asked that question a lot. I'm sure it rose. Rose does a lot more single leg than we do. But I also sell stairs and wish the priority to express that single leg too. And we started doing not. I still lunge or ballgarian split squat, whatever you call it. When you're back legs on a bench, we do not so hold our warm up and we do push up holes, we hold the top of them. About two or three inches off of it. And miraculously it just kind of takes care of a lot of things all at once. And it just, and it takes us, we do about it. We worked up to like a 40 second hole per leg. And magically it kind of takes care of a lot of things, whether they're having a waste too much time, especially in a big setting. It gets the opinion, especially with when you've got to bring out the benches and then this kids wants to do this, whatever. For power lifting, unless you have, like you said, a mobility thing, but you're right. If you're going to do it, it would be dressed in the warm-up as part of your mobility or on your off day. Because you just, you don't have to do them, you know, you're a million pounds. When I was at Arizona, we did, I'm sure, we're on some members, we did like lunges and single leg squats. It's also a learned skill, just like any other lift. And once I learned, where to put my feet and got comfortable, I did 352 for a triple on each leg. And I got to, I'm like, put my squat didn't go anywhere, and nothing really happened. I just got good at the one leg. You know, because a lot of it, you know, it's kind of just like we used to do one on barbell snatches. We're going to couple guys just to, you know, fuck around. And I've worked up to the 1951 with a, with a barbell. And it's like, wow, that's really good. I'm like, I can't, but I didn't do anything. I just got good at a circus lift, which was good. Which I wanted this one we wanted to do. We knew it didn't transfer anything. So, anyway, that's, I agree with the events, unless you have, it's just part of your warm-up because I don't think it's kind of, you know, especially with the young kids' roads, I always tell people, they can't do it on two legs. Yeah. Well, it's funny, I do, I do more single leg training than you do. We do a barbell, rear foot elevated split squat, and we do a barbell lateral squat. And then we run the hill, we push the sleds, we run, we do a agility work. It's, you know, I, I think there's a place for it. I just don't think it's his big deal from a strength development standpoint. And like you said, Jim, we address it in our warm-up with different stuff. We, we do it all the time. So it's getting addressed when it's time to lift, it's time to lift. And we don't have a lot of time. We don't have a lot of equipment. I don't. So I've got to make the time and the equipment I have count. And I'm not going to waste it trying to perfect a weight room skill when they're trying to perfect their sport. You know, because that's what energy spent. And the sport is way more important than the weight room is. The weight room is a tool for an athlete. And I would say even a little bit the same for powerlifting. The weight room is a tool for them. The tools more important. But we got to get the squat and the bench and the deadlift better. There are better things to spend your time on than load it up a bar and do a single leg work. Yeah. I agree. Plus, I, I do a lot of, I do a lot of mobility that I never even really think about. I'm especially around here, there's tons of hills. I go, Jess and I, we go hiking a lot. We'll hike some difficult trails. And I'm really, I had always surprised me how so I am in different places. And I'm sure there'll be a joke for that. But hiking uneven terrain is a lot of mobility work that I have really considered. And I'm like, it's helped me a lot. I mean, you're probably, you have to drive a half hour just to get through a hill. So where you would hike in and probably nothing like, you know, we have around here. But I know Matt, you go up into, you probably go up into the woods. Sweet, sweet. Sweet. I do. But you know, the thing for us, too, when you start talking about guys like us, if you get down on the ground to do pushups, or you get down on the ground to do stretch, getting up is mobility. I mean, it's horrible if that sounds like I make sure to get up with one leg forward in the next time, get up with the other leg forward. But like, it's sometimes when you wake up in the morning and you guys know what I'm talking about, just getting down and getting up is mobility. Because it, it hurts some palms. We have my shoulder. I went to the well as much as I could. I started doing Turkish get-ups with a barbell. Does that have a kettlebell? I remember that. And I do like 10 per side. And I was like, Jesus, I'm ready to go. Because you're, you know, you're doing a lot of stuff. And that's just again, we talked about efficiency. I covered a lot of bases. I'm good to go, you know, I'm sweating. My shoulders feel warmed up. My hips feel warmed up, you know, whatever. My glutes are activated. If you got back to make those balloons thing. So, how are you still doing them? What's that? Are you still doing them? Uh, not right now. I do. Like, I have, I, what I, I did them the other day, actually, but I don't have like a set warm-up. I have about 15 different things I do. And now that, uh, like, what I'm focusing on for the next N.O.V. meet. So, I get to train every day. And then I do yoga in the morning. And just not killing myself and doing all this. I don't need much of warm-up anymore because of the yoga. And, uh, plus I try to walk a lot every day. Oh, here comes my son. Oh, boy. Anyway, what's your warm-up? What's up? Go ahead. Now, I was going to say, you talked about your warm-up a little. I know a lot of people ask about this all the time and it's something that I've changed and modified and had a million different ones. And I'm sure we've probably done, we've forgotten, and we've actually, you know, most people kind of even know about warm-ups. Rollins, what's your, you seem like you've whittled your down years down. I know I have. Rollins, what do you have? I do. I do a a band stretch. Uh, if there's a hamstring, I don't know what you call it. I do a hamstring. Uh, laying on my back. I put my leg out to the side to kind of get the groin and a hamstring. I throw my leg over to get the glute and the hamstring. I, you know, cross my foot over my bent leg to stretch my glute. Both legs really far back and kind of pump yourself. I can't do that anymore. But I totally would. Um, I need to stop for all hard years. Yes, yeah, exactly. Uh, P&F stretching, very important. Um, it takes me probably three or four minutes. I'm going to power right through this. Uh, I duck under her. Remember? And I touch my back. Powered right through it. Yeah, totally. Well, it's just, not actually biggest deal. It's, it's, it's, it's got a good sweat going. I'm just thinking about it. Why do you look guilty, Rhodes? Because I like it so much. Yes, so that's why you had to take it. Is that why you had to take his AR 15 away? Yeah. It was all brown. That choice here. Uh, hey, too. Hey, Joe, you, you, you look like an easy, easy warm up. This is one of my many ready. Uh, I'll take a very light Kobell 35 pounds of Nuten and God with squats, five reps of the dumbbell. When you call that thing, honey, bed of bottoms up press. Okay, with each arm, then I'll do five snatches per arm. Then go back to the squat, back to the kettlebell, back to the snatches. Just keep on going. Do you do about five or 10 of each one? And you're good to go. Hands, raise it warm up your hips. I warmed up your shoulders. I warmed up your backs warmed up. And you don't even have to move. I mean, you know, in a big space anyway. I think I've had a good consistent one for last month. Uh, and that's with everything feeling so great. So I'm just, uh, I do 15 back raises by the way, Jim, still the best piece of equipment. I was never so jealous as the day I saw you get that in your gym. I was there for the, and the good one, what was that like the professional line? Yeah, I saw I, yeah, I got the exact, I got the exact same one. So I do 15 back raises. And I have to do that as the first thing I do with my warm up. I do bear crawl forwards and backwards. It's in my basement. So it's probably like, you know, 30, 40 feet. Yeah. Uh, then side to side, uh, 15 push-ups and 15 squats. And I'm sweating. I feel good. Everything seems like it's moved. And I'm not doing anything move. That intricate and my training where I need to be warm warmed up or a little bit than that. And it's covered all the bases really well. And it, it's really simple. And I don't get bored of it. And it doesn't take too long. I think one of the biggest problems that I just, I just would start adding more and more crap to my warm up. Oh, I need to be doing these. I need to, oh my, do my band full of parts correctly. Oh, I got to do it. And it just, again, it's just, it's more information, the more information. I, I went a while while I was really screwed up. I didn't look at it as a media because it was, it was just influencing too much of my, my training. Everything about my training, everything about my conditioning, my mobility. And it did so much harm and I don't know as much as YouTube. I mean, you've both been coaches. I've just, my knowledge comes from what I've read and what I've experienced a lot of anecdotal and just trial and error. I even get sucked into that garbage. So I can't imagine what it's like for people who don't have, you know, the years under the bar or the knowledge or, you know, it's brutal out there. There's just way too much. Let's keep it simple stupid. Yeah, I think the big thing with, it's kind of like we talked about with training earlier, it's be economical with it. The best warm up is one that you'll do. So if it's, if you got 15 different things to do, I'm not going to do that. I will do what I'm doing right now. And I've been doing it for like three or four months. Is it great? No. But I do it. It's consistent. It kind of tackles the areas that I need a little bit of work on. It doesn't have to be elaborate. Just if you'll do it and you feel better doing it, you feel like you're ready to lift, then it's good. Well, I see the best workout you do is the one you're going to do. The best workout for you is the best workout you can do is the one you could follow. It's like a diet. The best diet you could do is the one you could actually follow. There's one good diet. There's no one good training program. I mean, except for 531. With the diet, what does it say compliance is the science? Magicly when you stick to something and work. And work. And work. And work. And work. And there you go. I'm going to read, you mean, doing it. I have a year or you want to do it. I got one question I have to ask because I guarantee I'm going to know Roads Answer. Who is the one person you love to piss off the most during training? You love to pee. It used to be big fat Josh. It was so easy. I knew that. I knew that was the end. And I have an assisted now named Pat. And he's very sensitive. And it's so, it's so much fun to get under his skin. And it's so not right as his boss. I'm trying to help him a little bit with he's going to do a power lift with me. But it is so much fun. If I'm going to bad mood or something, I'm like, yeah, I can piss Pat off. I'm just going to do it. And it's so, I actually feel a little guilty about it. Not anymore. I know you don't, but not enough to stop. So much fun. Did you have the one at Westside? Did you have, and it was either you or did someone else, you know, that was just anybody else would just love to piss off. And it was just fun. Lily? Yes, you pissed off Lily with your training a lot, didn't you? Oh, yeah. But you know, the the hard thing, first of all, Lou dishes it out. So you can't nothing. It just goes right back on you. And he was always so, I don't know what people's opinion of Lily is, but in the weight room, I mean, you're you're trying hard, but you're also having a health time. And so it's, you know, there's a little trash talking and stuff. But you know, like even when I train with Kevin and Jason and stuff, I mean, we just, it's constantly making fun of each other. And it wasn't like I didn't want to piss anyone off. You just do what you do. And you know, I don't know. I didn't really get too wrapped up in that. Like, when I was at Westside, things were a lot different. I wasn't from Westside. You know, you had like the core group Dave, Lou, you know, Chuck and some of the older guys that had been there forever. Yeah, I was just kind of like a, you know, just came in. I was an inner loper. So it really wasn't part of that as much as, Dave was because, you know, Dave and Lou would go head to head and stuff. And so, yeah, I had to not really didn't really give a shit, you know, about that stuff. But you guys had a crew and you guys had a lot of pretty good guys and you got a lot of guys that need to pay their price, you know, but just to make it. Yeah. You know, we, uh, there's a really good gym in Connecticut now, after a Southside when I was a bunch of years ago. A lot of people made it over the, uh, Mike's K-Bahn. To needy, you remember to needy roads. They put together as place hell-bent barbell in Connecticut, which is really, I think they're up to four monoliths now. I mean, it's a really big cool place to train. But I, I go there once a while because a few of the people I know train there and, you know, everybody's really cool, but like I'll say kind of like the stuff we would say to each other when we train and like everybody just stops and looks at me. Oh, there's shows. I don't know, days. I'm like, even power lifters are sensitive now. I'm like, I really, yep, I was a little behind the curve with not leaving the house, but it's, I'm not meant for a public consumption anymore. It's, it's, it's, it's bad out there. It's, it's, it's soft. It's it's even, it's soft and power lifting gyms. It's, like, someone misses a weight and it's like, so it's a weight and the old two more. Yeah. And everybody kind of gives me dirty work. I'm like, yeah, you had it. You're strong enough. The way we just do heavy, they get sensitive. Yeah, we have a rule in the house. Yes, and I have a rule. I actually instituted the rule and she kind of followed along. Like, if it's funny to one person, it can be said. It doesn't matter what it is either. As long as it's funny to one person, it can and should be said. I think it makes for probably tougher people and either it's going to strengthen your relationship or really tell it apart. Yeah. But, so one day just got me really bad. I can't remember what it was. It was funny to me. I was like, she got me with my, she got me with my own rule. Yeah. But, yeah. No, that's all I got. James, what's next? All right. Let me bring this up real quick here. Uh, do you hear something relevant for the day? My home gym. I have a barbell, bands, kettlebells, rack, and bench. Anything I could do with those for hamstring work? Yeah, that's why I've just said, what? People tell me that the squad heads do nothing for ham. So I'll just make this very clear. You can do good mornings. You can do straight leg dead lifts. Not necessarily as a strength movement, but as a stretchy movement. So you have a lot of hamstring activation. Obviously, you could do kettlebell swings and snatches and stuff. You can also do band-lade curls with the bands and what they call Nordic-Lade Curls or whatever the hell they're called. Yeah, the partner blue hand type deal. Yeah. So, but that's a very interesting question because this is not to disparage this guy. It's what did you, what were you doing for hamstrings before? Because that's whatever one else does. At least I think they do, right? You have everything. Right. You have everything you need to train your hamstrings. I mean, tell me, don't train. Unless you're mis, unless you're mis and you're glute hamrays, if that's all you ever did. But there's, yeah, you get barbell plenty of barbell exercises. It's, you know, it's strange that in this day and age, if you, you can do everything you need to do with the rack and a barbell. Hell, you can do pretty much everything with squat stands in a barbell. So I don't know again, it's kind of like what you reference fence and maybe things are getting so overwhelming that people believe that you need this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, when in reality, you just kind of have to look look to the past a little bit. Yeah. So, all right. All right. All right. Here's a good one. Who's got, I have no idea. This would be, we, we should do this and have EMTs on standby at our next NLV. Who's got the fastest 40 among you? I would say Jim had it. Jim, Jim definitely had it. But right now, I think we take about a two hour warm-up for each of us. What I mean, we have to have the 40 can it be a fast walk? Well, I'm saying, can I drive my trucker? Because it now it's starting to get weird. Because I, I'll go lawyer on this shit and start when you didn't specify, you know. And, and can I have, I think, I have someone in my stead, you know, like a sponsor. Yeah, I could do, but yeah, I like it. They're going to represent me in the 40 oh dash. Julia, I'll run for you. Well, I'll be done. No, which is, you should do one race. So, John, well, I'll get the same time and well, be happy because we're all winners. We're all winners. I love it. You got something over there, Vincent? Oh, yes. Josh, come on, bring it on, bro. Yeah, go ahead. The last person, the last person that throw a punch would win because that would be the only one who still had their shoulder intact. Well, the other thing is whoever fell down is out of the race. Is there not enough? You know, what was that, no? He had conditioning. I could, my arms wouldn't reach fart. My arms wouldn't reach fart off the hit any of them. Like it would be like an alligator trying to throw a punch. That's why the T-Rex was so upset all the time. He couldn't masturbate. Zarser to you. Yeah. What was that, give me another one, what's the next? You go spend that money well. I think Roads is stuck over here. You stuck Roads? I think Roads. Oh my god. Look at that stupid. It's perfect Roads. It's the best he's ever looked. I got it. That's the most intelligent thing that's ever come out of his mouth. Look at that stupid face. Here's something real quick Vincent will do this. What's something you know now that you wish you knew in your 20s? I wish I knew how it was. No training. No training. Let's do something. Nothing to do with weightlifting. Yeah, let's just do the... All right. I'll just go lifewise. Man, in my 20s, I had gotten lucky enough to be with Jessica. And I had already learned great lessons from my we talk about these. Yeah, yeah. From my father, my father taught me the importance of finance, how to pay my bills, not to be in debt, not to live beyond my needs, to have a... My job, my dad was a business owner, my dad taught me the importance of having a benefits. So all of those life lessons, I kind of learned really young. I worked for me young age and never lived beyond my needs. And that's why I've been with the same woman for 28, 29 years. I've never had financial problems. I'm the happiest, most adjusted person that I know, which is kind of weird to say, but it's because I really learned a lot of those good lessons as it from from a young age. And I come on to a plus, I have Jess and just like you have Julie, I have to keep you on the street. Find a good woman to keep you in your place. Not that sounds weird. Well, the... Find a good woman to keep you on the right path. Well, you guys are going on it together. And I have fairly similar as far as what she said. It's not like I ever held on to some odd philosophy when I was 20. And it proved to be wrong. Like, you know, my parents are a good job. It doesn't mean I didn't take some crooked paths here and they're for the most arched. Yeah. You know, things were solid. I think the one thing that I see it, especially you see it now, what's going on now, I wish I would have been more grateful because I see this a lot. I said, there's not a single time I've driven up to my house and not been so happy and proud. It's not the biggest house. It's not the nicest house. But my Holy shit, I have a home and it's not lost on me. You know what I'm saying? Oh, there he is. It's not lost on me. And, you know, my wife always jokes like, you know, in America, you get to shit and clean water. I mean, that's amazing. Yeah. And the more that you see all what's going on right now, all of a sudden, all the things that were important three months ago, you know, we were joking about this before our biggest problem is fucking pronouns. And now it's like, holy god, you know, things are, you know, now we understand what's really important. And this is, and I see it like, when I go, if I go get some food, I think the person, I always think the people. And like, man, I appreciate you working because without you, you know, I wouldn't be able to get a cheeseburger. And so I'm grateful for a lot of things. And I, I'm not saying I was ungrateful like that. But you take a lot of shit for granted. And I know, I think people, like, you know, Vincent, you know, like all three of us, I'm so grateful. I don't live in a big city. What a shit show that those places. Yeah. And not just with the coronavirus, with everything else. Like, we have a community here. I don't feel like I'm one in, like, you know, just a random soul walking around. Like, you have a purpose. And I mean, I'm sure we can go through a much bunch of stuff about why we're, like, I'm grateful I live in America where like I have the right to defend myself. Like, no other country has that. You know, but we definitely hit the geography lottery. And I think people, you know, people realize that. And I say that like, when I go into work, it even on the toughest days. And, you know, people have a lot to complain about. But I'm like, they're like, how are you doing? I'm like, I'm great. I got running water in a toilet in a roof, which is probably more than half the population of the world. You know, it's just a lot of perspective. I've always had perspective. I grew up poor. I think growing up poor, like, and I, you know, poor, like, you know, a mayor or like, where are other people's people? Yeah. And they're important for it. But like, you know, wearing my brothers hand me down, you know, not sure exactly where the next meal is coming from. You know, that kind of stuff. And I think now, you know, poor to people is, you know, not having Jordans and, you know, not having a latest iPhone. And luckily, from my youth, I learned none of that stuff is important. Yeah. And I think that's the most important thing to me that, you know, I got my, I have my gym, I have my wife, my parents, I got my dog, I got a few friends that I'm grateful for, you two clowns included. And what else do I really need? I got a job. Yeah. I interest, it's a, it's a road to the question that I read office, I don't have my glasses. What's something you know now that you wish you here on the 20 and your 20s. And both Vincent and I said, you know, luckily we had and just like you wrote, you had parents that put you, you didn't believe in some weird dogma in your 20s. They like, holy shit, like, you know, you know, the the pig is God, one lived the pig. You know, so I think we could have us for the most part. Now in regards to, how would we do in regards to training? Alright, Rose, you, you, you get his answers. What we had, sir. Yeah. Well, I heard, yeah, I agree. So, what up? So, how about in your 20s or whatever, what do you wish you knew then? And we kind of ever to answer that question about the conditioning and the mobility stuff, right? As far as training. I think I was lucky. Yeah, I think. Like, when I went to Arizona, I didn't know anything about training. So, I just did what Dan told me to do. My powerlifting world, I wasn't without Vincent or you for very long. So, whenever I had questions, you would tell me, read this article, I would read it, I would follow it. Vincent would tell me what to do. So, I didn't, I definitely made some mistakes, but I just kind of was like, okay, this guy's better than I am. I'm going to just do it. And then you learned a long way. I think I was lucky because I didn't do a lot of dumb stuff, because I just listened to people that knew what they were talking about. So, I think I was lucky. You know, one of the big things I always read is just because the guy's big and strong doesn't mean he knows a lot or something to that effect. Now, I will, that is completely true. However, just because he's big and strong doesn't mean he's a great coach and you're like, you're exactly like, that's different. Even a coach is an art or whatever, a skill and an art, stuff. But it wouldn't tell you to take a look at what some of these guys are doing because for the most part, if you look at someone who's big and strong and you look at the guy over here and over there, we're all kind of doing the same thing. For the, you know, if you really take a step back, so again, it's, you know, when it goes back to what Vincent said about him, even now, you get overwhelmed by the amount of information. It's just, like you said, I'm glad we all grew up when we grew up as far as training goes and it gives the 90s with the best guy at the time of the world. Like, you know, I was think about that. Oh yeah. Like Pearl Jam, Sound Garden. That was the thing. The, that was pop music. You're Von Aron. And Tara. Yeah. Pantera was number one on the Billboard. Like there was a time when like, like, you know, like the people spoke. Yeah. Now it's like here's the recycled garbage. I enjoy it. All right. Like so it was a very different time to grow up. And I remember a kid one day during practice comes up to me. He's like, what was like growing up when you did it? Must have been awesome. Like there was no phones. Like, you just do stuff. But yeah, it was awesome. You know, of course we didn't know any better. But, right. I don't know. I just, I, growing up now without sounding ungrateful, I think is a little harder because they make it to be. You can still live a very simple, awesome life as a teenager, without being overwhelmed. The key is you just have to ignore the real world or the fake world I should say. Yeah. Yep. All right. Then see you guys question everybody. I did. But I, uh, oh, okay. Well, let me throw this one. Let me throw this one out there because, what's your opinion on circuit training? Well, I know both of you have a piggins on that. And you kind of had me go through a phase for a while to not work out really well. But when did you kind of fall in love with or where did you, I'm sure circuit training is something you had to came up the ranks with? No, no. And there's a lot of different things. The pens I'm kind of what you're trying for. I just developed a strength training to, the goal of this circuit is strength, not hypertrophy or whatever. And I originally got the idea from George Halbert, uh, the leader, not. And that was Fox, you know, 2002 or something. I remember him talking about what he was doing. And I just kind of occurred to me. So I kind of played around us and stuff. So the thing that you have to remember is, uh, whatever your goal is, that's what the circuit has to be. For example, when you started doing what you were doing Vincent, the goal was to obviously gain muscle mass, right? And drop body fat. Yeah. But again, was mostly diet, but this helped accelerate it without affecting your strength too much. Because you were doing like face correct, you know, whatever. Um, with the in Rhodes does this to with our kids, the reason why we started to do on circuit training on a clock. And it's, uh, was my goal with assistance is to put muscle mass on. And it's incredibly efficient when you're running big groups. And I think that's one of the keys. It's kind of like we stumbled upon it. And we get all our assistance worked on in 15 minutes. And the kids do anywhere from 150 to 200 total reps of all the exercises combined. That's a lot of work. And a shorter amount of time the kids are able to handle the single amount of weight. They get a little conditioning in there. And we accomplish the goal which is high-purchasing for the assistance work. So the problem is if you do circuit training and has to be done with whatever the real purpose is and not expecting to get a result if you don't train like that result. Does that make sense? Hmm. Okay. All right. Yeah. So it's good. But it has to be done. Rhodes. And what's that, Rhodes? You've done, I see your live. I see your live experiment with your circuit. You have a hypertrophy, you know, circuit. And I think you have a condition of circuit. Yeah, I, all really is is. So the hypertrophy circuit for me is based off of a bunch of the stuff that boyed up with and Mike Arthur did in Nebraska. It's not like what they did. It's based off of that. And the idea is I'm going to do all my post-grit bench sets first. Then I'm going to move on to my back. Then I'm going to move on to hamstrings or whatever whatever is in it. And the metabolic circuit is what I call it. I'm going to do whatever bench, back, and hamstrings. But I'm going to do each exercise. Then repeat that. So it takes the exact same amount of time. I don't know if they're any different, but in my head, that's what I name them. So when I talk to my assistants, I don't have to explain what I'm saying. It's, here's what we're doing. Hyperptrophy circuit. Okay. We're going to do all our years. What's then we're going to move on and set it forward. There's people that don't understand. This is what it would look like for example. So one of the robs is circuit will be, let's say for example, you're going to bench press dumbbell squats and chin up. Okay. So one of his circuits will be you'll bench and then every minute on the minute or you'll do one set of bench. And then the bell goes off or whatever. Then you do a set of dumbbell squats. Then the bell goes off and you the chin up and then you just keep on going. Because other circuit would be, you do the bench for 10 reps. You rack the bar at the next every minute on the minute that you bench again. So you get all three of them done all three sets done. Then you move on to the next exercise. Exactly. That's the one we're efficient for. I believe for hypertrophy, the problem lies, of course, you get exhausted. Like you're most, and that's kind of what the goal is. And that's where people, I think, kind of screw up because if your goal is hypertrophy, is okay that you start missing some reps here and there, especially on the stuff that's more compound stuff like that. So the number, it's, it's, I'm very, I did it for again hypertrophy, but that would be perfect because we get it, it's much more efficient. And that's what I'm all about. You've got 50, 60 kids in there. You've got it. If you just leave them to, hey, we're going to do this, this and this and then you just stand there. Nothing's going to get done. And the kids will take 50 to get all their shit done when reality is we can get this shit done and everyone's accountable. Yeah, the thing that I found with the circuits, especially in a bigger group, is nobody can hide. You can get kids, skipping reps, skipping sets, and when they're on the clock and in between, you know, it takes whatever 20 to 30 seconds to do a set and then everyone's standing around. So you look, everyone's standing. Then you look, everyone's doing something. It's much easier to keep kids accountable, like Jim said, it's efficient. And when you're training to athletes, there's so many things that you have to take into account. Um, it now frees up time to spend a little more time doing mobility at the end or maybe some, you know, focused ab work that actually matters, not crunches and leg free viz. And maybe then go home and take a break. Right, exactly. If you've been it done, I've got an hour with you. If you've got it done in 40 minutes, I'm not going to repeat you. We've done what would want them. We've done what needs to be done. You know, you're good. You could stay in stretch or you can do some curls or whatever it is. But yeah, it's we're not going to do more. We did what we were supposed to do. You did a hell of a job. Congratulations. You get rewarded. Yeah. I have old man prostate. I'll be back in two. He's safe out there, buddy. You know, he took look at his face. Oh, he was like that. Hey, all right, you might do, I mean, do a question here, Rose? Yeah, let's do it. All right, let's do it here. What I'm on second here. You know, one question I got, it's not right here. Front of me, But it was as coaches, what do you think the most important thing is when we get our athletes back? It's basically that like what's the first thing we have to focus on when we get them back? Yeah, and I told them one don't freak out. You're not going to lose all your strength. But number two, the number one thing that you guys need to focus on is not losing your general fitness level. Yeah, because that's going to go on the shitter and if, for example, if they're able to do like the radar warm-up, a bunch of bodyweight squats, run hills, do chinups at the playground, do pushups, and do that every single day. Maybe their bench frescoes down, or the splacos down, but they'll have enough fitness, and I use that term very generally, their fitness level. Yep, we'll be, there we go. We'll be such that they'll be able to jump right back in. Yes, yeah, I agree 100%. You got to get their their ability to do work. Where it needs to be, and a lot of it's on them to do it. And then, because what I find is in the winter time, I don't have hands on like you do. So I lose the kids in the winter for two months. And you hope that they do work. And you know, you can hope in one hand and shit the other and see which one fills up. Some kids don't do anything. Obviously German. Yeah, yeah. And so they, so they'll come back and they can usually handle the first week, they can handle the second week. And then by the third week, you start here and about muscle strains and poles and retaliate because they didn't do anything to keep their fitness levels up over break. So whenever we get them back, you know, you got to be careful about, I think you got to be careful about that. And they're going to want to dive in head first. You know what, here's a real quick. I don't know if I told you this. So once the school officially shut down, and this, before they started really being anal about everything, the parents got together, one of them cleared out of bar that they had and they moved a bunch of the racks and all the weights and bars and trap bars into the bar. That's awesome. And well, you guys win. Yeah. And it was just like, that was like, I was in Florida at the time. And I was like, well, that's what? Like, you know, so I was communicating with the kids and I had one point person. Yeah. Well, you didn't upgit and shut down right away. Right. So, but it's just like a testament to how things are, you know, it football's not the world. I get it, but it's taken very seriously because if you're going to play football, you might as well be ready. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, and I get it. Wings, all you guys win because your kids care and they're going to figure out a way to get done what needs to get done. It's awesome. Yeah. But back then, you know, that was gone right away. Yeah. So, um, but I was just so proud. Like I couldn't believe it. Like, uh, you know, the kids are all wrenching down the racks and stuff. And, and then obviously the order hit from our governor and stuff. So that got, but anyway, the point being is, um, it's just the game with fitness level. And the, the good thing is there's like a horror group of kids who have done a great job. Hmm. A problem is when football, your core group is fine, but you need everyone else on board. And it's, ironically, the kids who need it the most that probably won't do it. Yep. You know, it's like, uh, so I, uh, but, you know, every, the thing is, anything you can do is going to be a huge, uh, leg up because you don't expect everyone else to be able to do it. So, I don't know. Yeah. I, you know, I hope kids are out doing bodyweight squads and running. Even if it's the wrong kind of running for their sport, do something to keep your fitness levels up because it will pay huge dividends when we get back to normal and training, you know, to prepare for your season or, you know, like right now, I think football, soccer, volleyball, all those false sports, it's going to be tough, but sports like baseball and softball and like they had all, like whenever this is over, they've got a whole off season to get themselves back, but it's, I'm worried about them, but I'm more worried about the footballs, the soccer, the volleyballs that, those kids are going to almost step right back into their season. Yeah. You know, one of the things we should probably point off point out is when they do come back, you can't, uh, let's say it's, uh, when this football strike, uh, last week all of just your show. Yeah. Well, yeah. So, you right around August 1st, but yeah, August 1st. Okay. Well, I'm talking about the season, the actual season. Yeah, right. So let's say you're able to come back July 1st just as a, reference point. You can't make up for lost time. Uh, we, you can't force, you can't like, uh, you can't cram for the, for the season. So that's, I think you have to, usher the kids because they're going to get hurt. They're going to get sore. They're not going to be able to do the same weights. Um, so you're going to have to develop something, um, almost like an in season workout at the beginning to get their bodies adjusted. So I think what you have to do is, we're not getting them ready to test. Yeah. We're getting ready to go to preseason camp. Yeah. And that means their, their ability to run and be powerful over time. We have to improve that first, foremost. Yeah. We got to get them stronger, but we only have four weeks say in this, in this example, they have to be able to handle practice. And now with this, we're, we're missing out on springball. So those practices are going to be a little bit longer because they've got to install stuff. And I know that for us, for instance, we changed some terminology and stuff. So we didn't get to do that in springball. So we're going to talk with, in every post can be a run now. I hope what's that? Every pass going to be a run. Oh, God, I wish I would. You guys, you can find one outside zone, power, counter, we put two tight ends in there. But no, that's not what it is. It's got to the point, Vincent. I don't know, obviously you're not as big of a football fan as me and Matt, but you go to our games and there's the shortest games in the world. They're all going to be because we just run the shit out of the ball, just melt the clock. By the time your feet start to hurt, you're like, I, we're, we can go to Popeyes or we're going to go to that Italian place to get taken part. I mean, it's very amusing in a way. It was so amusing that we played a team one time and we'd be the crap out of them and then their Twitter feed at the school said, I'm pretty sure they threw a single pass on game and sure enough, yeah, that's a strength coach and someone like who like Matt, we love running the ball. It makes me so proud that our kids are that and the thing is they, everyone knows we're running the ball. They just stack 11 guys in there. Like, all right, we'll fucking run it right there. Yeah, the cool thing about running the ball is when you run the ball on offense, your defense is going to be good against the run. So now you've potentially cut the other teams' offense in half and when you run the ball, you can impode your will on somebody. You can take somebody's heart and soul and desire to live. You can do that with the ball. That's where my AR-15 is right. From the football standpoint, well, that's why I had to take it from Matt because they passed you much. Yeah, you're right. I don't be sure of that. I'm not going to find weapon. What's that now? I don't regret what such a fine weapon. Two years ago, we averaged about 500 yards rushing in game. Yeah, we, I think what ended up happening was that year we could have averaged at least 600 but we blew out every team. So by the second half, we had the most of our freshman in. And so we'd still run, but it wasn't like, you know, we had to, you know, 3,000 yard rush or a 1500 yard rush or in the same season. It was in some, oh. But anyway, shade of Alaska in the 90s. Oh, so, and it's funny because we are very good team. We're not the best team in Ohio, but we can, you know, we will hopefully get there. But we have still people critical of us fans because they want us to pass the ball more. It's like, we're fucking winning 50, 60 nothing. Like is that? Yeah, it's not good. No, it's not good. Would you win? I was with our all. Two, two years ago, Jeff Monkin and Army went 11 and two and they lost to Oklahoma who went to the, yeah, you know, CFP playoff and they went to, who ended up going like 10 and three that year. And now it was like the second game of the year. And the, yeah, and the fans were like, it's like we're 11 and two. It and Army's never done that before and you're going to complain. Like, are you stupid? Yeah. It, uh, talk about it. They're a quarter ball. If you guys through the ball 70 times again, they can play in about that too. So, uh, all right, Vincent, how about our Josh, you got any more, though? Questions? Me, Jim, that paid every week or every month. That's right. Me, let's save my money. Thankfully. Yeah. Oh. That's also a lot of new community coverage. This was probably in 2001. Yeah, something like that. I was still in Kentucky and a 2002 or something. And so I, Dave called me up one day to talk about something and, uh, he's like, hey, you're a buddy, volleyball player stuff. I, and I was like, what? I don't know, I'm trying to record my brain. He's like, and he started talking. I'm like, my no mattress went down. Let me tell him about Rosa. Oh, yeah, yeah, that guy. Oh, man. So, I'm a little, I'm getting it to time. Yeah, I was getting it six, four, 250 pounds. Yeah. Oh, that's all me. I have a definite fire bug in me. I love setting shit on fire. We went, uh, we went to, uh, ship, I can't remember. We went out, uh, and spent some time out in that I can't remember where was this beautiful place in Ohio, Scarlett's National Parks. And they had a fire pit, right? What's that? Yeah, hockey hills. And we rented a place up there for like, you know, four or five days. And I built the biggest fucking bonfire. I was just shopping down what trying to, uh, it was awesome. We took pictures like a pyramid. I felt as I get text and say them when they like the bonfire. Yeah. Yeah. So, they like, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, cracker rail 1,000% over. Yeah, I got it. Oh, yeah. Yeah, pop up. Then the game just changes good, but pop eyes is right here. Yeah. We went to came, though, at one time. Yeah. Oh. Well, then I can't hear Vincent, man. Nice. Um, um, canes is good, but like, if to me, if I'm in the mood for fried chicken, I want pop eyes. If I want, trips or whatever they're called, I definitely love canes. Yes. And, uh, so, but, what do we take to canes at one time? Uh, when we want to tell anybody, my buddy Tony. Uh, uh, don't think he had he been there before? No, I don't think he had been. This is raised. So, and the bread. Yeah, stupid bread. Canes here, Vincent. There we go. Better I could see you. Oh, nice. Can you have a cool? Hey, you're that kind of a little bit more. I thought I heard that, go. Yeah, it's, well, there is, uh, he's repeating every word. That was going on Josh. Yeah. I don't know. I just long back on. You hear that? Yeah, I get to hear Vincent twice. Oh, it's like a bad, it's like a bad movie. That's like a good fellow. It's time to two times. Yeah. Yeah. Your favorite, your favorite. Glad to do is go to the bathroom, but that'll happen. You're back to normal now. Back to normal. All right. I got to share one thing. Yeah. Can you see that? Yeah. What is it? Greatest love note of all time. Yes. I hang on, Roads. Go get you binoculars. Hey. Hey, you know what? I almost put my glasses on for this. Have you seen those glasses? I'm going to share it. They probably, they could probably set a fire anywhere he turns his head. He was bottle. Yeah. bottles. Oh, that's right. That would be you. The first time I put my guy in the game looked at Jim at his house. I put him on the late night. It was like 11 30, my contacts were killing me. I look over at him and he goes, dude, you stop. You can't look at me. What was that movie with bottles? No. No. No. No. It was the print for this movie. Oh, you're talking about shot collar. Yes. Yes. Yes. And we were watching at that night at your place. Yeah. We put this in the toilet over at night. What is it? Three inch eyeglasses. It was just bottles. You know what, nickname just sticks. Like you know, it's like damn it. There's no way I'm getting rid of this nickname. Just turn on bottles. Yeah. It's nicknamed ever. Yeah. It will. My glasses because I don't have lenses in my eyes are trick or top. Stick at the bottom and even thicker in the middle. I look like a free cartoon character. It's ridiculous. It's too good. No, I got to share this. No. I got to share it. I'm presenting at a seminar. And I don't even know if you're presenting at this one, Jim. All you remember is from Stan, I'm sitting there in the middle of speaking. Jim walks by and just cans me and no like what what and just two bits and be awesome. Jim, five three one dollar sign. I don't know if I still have no sense from my wife, but I still have my love note from Jim. I don't know what that says about our relationship. I'm the combination to a safe that had a million dollars. I was in part. I was so I was sitting here up like work desk and I was like, I don't what made me think of it, but it was in my folder. I'm like, I've done I still have that because when we moved, I found and I'm like, I can't believe I still have my love note from Jim. And, uh, yeah, maybe I'll frame it and put it in my gym. That's what I was just I mean, I thought I would. Josh, Josh, here's Josh, what do you got? She uses. Oh boy, my buddy Harley, that I used to train with, did him. So I was like, yeah, sure why not. Let's give it a shot. And then I got if this erated on Sally Morondi's forum. We got her evening at the time, it was and then I got a call from Sally. She's like, thank you so much. We're getting so much traffic. And so I just kept doing it. I just kept like putting flames on the fire when people would tell me how much I sucked and all that stuff. And uh, it was a good time. So really, people were upset that you did it. Well, the upset that I said it was easy. And what I couldn't was the events that were at the strongman contest that I did suited my, yeah, the audience. And it was easy for me. Strongman's not easy. That they're taking more contest. Here's fucking right. Well, but this was back in the day when I cared about what people said on the internet when I took it personally. And I got bought herk by it. And uh, oh, it was a fun time though. We met, uh, that's what we meant Brian Shaw. We meant Brian Shaw. And he was even back then. He was like absolute monster. I can't imagine I couldn't imagine what he's like stand next to now because he probably twice the size he was in. But he was still at that time. We've seen some big humans in our life. So it only makes me wonder what Thor must look like because this was this guy three weeks. So I did this. Oh, six. No, this was close for the 10 because I think I did it before my last geared meat. And someone had called me out and they're like, you won't come to fill in do this. I'm like, yeah, I'll go. I don't care if I lose. I don't know a straw man. So I trained for my power. You still lose, hey. That's awesome. It's not what I did. How the clothes were really cool. It turns out the pros didn't care what I said. Yeah, it was all the amateur. Nobody's who are but hurt by it. And fire the last. And then three weeks later, I did my last geared meat. Something like that. So it was probably 2009, 2010. Something like that. Yeah, he was giant warmer. It's amazing how strong people really don't. The strong people don't really have shit to say. Like, they're not the ones calling people out or start your crap. Strong people are like, yeah, I don't care. I'm too busy being strong to worry about what not strong people think about. Well, it's the the people that have no core or belief that get upset because if you really believe in what you're doing, you're okay with someone disagreeing with you. And that's why the people that yell the loudest are the always the, I'm not saying training wise, just the chatter on the weakest because if you really, like I think my wife's the most beautiful woman in the world, I love her to death. She's awesome. And if someone says, no, she's no, my God, I think that's fine. Like, why don't I give a fuck. So, you know, it doesn't matter to me what you think. And so it's just, you know, it's the same kind of thing. And it's always going to be like that. You have people who are, you know, and they're young, and they don't understand a lot of stuff. And so who gives, you know, I eat, it's, you know, someone just sent me a video, some guy, reprimanded shreds. And I was like, you know, you got to watch this and I'm like, well, I got at first boys, not my peer, you know. So why do I care? What do you think? And then I was like, and I always like the one thing, one of the table talks I did. I'm like, oh, make sure you ask all our opponents here and, and Ohio, what they think. Yeah, good one. Yeah, I'm pretty good at it. I don't know. I get things I'm thinking guys are probably the most part, everything just kind of rolls off. And, you know, you know, the one thing that I've always learned is it was funny because like you see a lot of people rip on Lou, and it's like, what do you got? Like, the dudes done everything. And number one reason why they do that stuff is to get views, you know, or likes or what? Yeah, because if they don't use your name or someone else, then no one's going to click on it. So, anyway, and I take it as a, as a, like, it's almost like awesome my team. Yeah, all right. I made it. Well, it's fun. Good. How was it? I was all fired up about someone ripping me when I first got out of Lee and all that stuff. And Vincent's like, dude, you made it. I'm like, we're talking about he's like, well, if you're nobody, they're not going to make fun of you. You're, you're obviously somebody now. And I'm like, huh, yeah, I'm somebody now. That's awesome. But it really helped my perspective. Um, but it's very funny is with when Tom Brady went to Tampa, people are ripping on Tom ready, not even because he went to Tampa just in general. I'm like, who's a fucking gris, damn football player for play. Like, what else did you start to do? Yeah, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was go ahead. And with the amount Matt has gotten ripped on you think he was the most impressive human being that we're watching the face of the earth. I am. You think Tom, right? Yeah. That's what my Bobby told me. No, my mom says I sucked too. Yeah. All right, now as we all went, Matt. All right. Well, I could check. I actually have one question I went through. Because it was asked and I'm at this right now. How important is D load with five three on and just D load it in general? And I'm just going to say, Jim, Matt, you answer that. But I'm at week six. I've gone through my rotation twice now. And I don't feel like I need to D load. But at what point, I guess it, you should D load before you really feel like you need to D load. And how far, you know, how many weeks could I possibly push it? And I think that's that's what I'm asking you to, guys, right now. I think I'm going to answer for Jim. This is what I think. It's kind of like your thirsty. You've waited too long. You're already dehydrated. I think. Yeah, if you're trying to bring your hungry, you're already lost. But I think the beauty of Jim's program and the way he goes about things is that the reason you can make progress for so long is because of the program D load, either every fourth week or, you know, you run two cycles and you do it every six week is you never get to beat up. You never push too hard for that plateau of either strength plateau or injury plateau gets pushed out. So quick and far and it keeps getting pushed out because you're never too greedy with what you're doing that you can make progress for years without ever running into a problem if you stick to the plan of again, it's every four weeks or every six weeks, every fourth week or every, I guess would be every seventh week. Yeah, you do it because you don't need it. So you never get banged up. Yeah, it's always the, no, geez, what was that? I got that too. It's my fault. Okay. Sorry. It's, it's in, like Vince or Matt said, you know, you got to do it before you need or those Vincent, you got to do it before you need it. And there's again, we've had, I think I've wrote maybe there's maybe five or seven different variations of the D load that you can do that, you know, depending on. And one lift might be different than the other lift. For example, when I do load, I would do load the bench by going lighter on the deadlift. I would just do no deadlifts. I would just do all assistance work and on the squat, the same thing as the deadlift. So I, you kind, and I went the press. I did like just like the bench. So I was able to, you can mix and match different things and what's, what works for you. You know, each, because obviously the squat deadlift, much more stressful to your body. But, you know, I, I don't know, I put this. I think a lot of, a lot of energies been spent towards the D load and it's like, if you don't want to do it, don't do it. Like, if you, you went me to say, you know, this has just been my experience. I mean, we've quoted an ice, you know, when we learned about that. So I think people have this weird fictitious notion that if you're young, you can do everything 100,000 percent and that's not the case. They want to believe it. And what it's just, it's not the way it goes. So for me, I just, for my own selfishness, it's six weeks the longest I should run before I take a deal out. Yeah. And you know what, the smarter you get about your own training, you'll be able to recognize the things that maybe like our indicators for a D load. And sometimes you'll do five weeks. Like, you know what, I'm going to take this week. I got to get, you know, get my shit back together and then just come back stronger. Like, we did, I did something where I do three, five, I D load, like a certain kind of D load, then we do the five, three, one week coming back completely fresh. And it's, you know, different stuff. And so then on the five week, we would do something a little bit different, knowing that way as a D load. There's a million things you can do. Once I'm dressed in the first one, the set, you know, every book I've written is everything has to be based on the principles. It's not the magic wrap scheme or anything like that. If you follow the principles, man, everything makes sense then. So that's, I mean, that's what everything is based on. So if you don't like my principles, that's fine. You can always, that's okay with me, but my God, even if you're not, whatever roads is doing is based on principles. So you could change out an exercise, you know, it's not the end of the world. I don't know. So I think people get too wrapped up in that minutia and not understanding the big picture. We're like, you know, I can make this change. Well, does it follow the principles? Yep. You're good to go. Oh, I try to, you know, I never consider. I never consider. I never consider, you know, it's a perfectly valid point, but I get, I get so caught up in my training and just what I met, knows me. I'm festivities about what I'll write down to make sure everything's just planned out. But yeah, at this point in my life, if I'm at weeks, I'm going every six weeks, but at week five or week four, I'm like, I need a deal load. Like, I never as simple as that sounds, it's something I've never even considered. And that sounds, it sounds stupid. Like, no, I got to either do it at week four or week seven. Like, oh boy, I feel lousy, you know, I can deal load a week two or week six. So again, you know, for someone who's trained as long as I have and has a mass of dollars, I have something so simple, never even really occurred to me because I do get very, I'm a slave to structure sometimes, but the stuff I've been getting the last week from you guys has been, has been really instrumental. So that's a great advice that I haven't considered. Really, it said something the last time I was up there, whatever. She said it's interesting. Again, how? Don't come back. And before that, she said, what's your fee? Yeah. What's your fee? God, a man. That damn adventure. Oh, man, you should have heard his story. I think I'm done. I'm done. I shall roll a time, dude. Come here, baby. You do you do you do you do you do you do you roll it to always smell very good. I don't want to be the smell we fed guy. I learned that from you. Don't be the smelly guy. No effect. Why? Because I'll bring a bottle of fibris and spray with it if you are. She said, meets. I don't even know where we were talking about. Some Julie had said to you. What we made that? She said a coach and this was for a little few is you got to be a type A and a type B personality. Like type A, very meticulous about what you're doing. Understand a progression, the plan. Be dialed in with your technique, all that stuff. But then you also have to be smart enough to look at for Jim and I to look at a group, yourself to look at yourself and go, they can't do what's on the piece of paper today. There you go. And I, I, that really stuck with me what she said that and it's understanding. Here's what I have written down. When these kids walked in today, you could speed in their eyes. This was going to kill them, which might then affect the next workout, which might ruin the week and so on. So it's important to have the paper and the plan. But it's the art is the plan is going to suck today. What do I need to do to adjust so that we can get back on the plan next? And I think that's something that you've been sitting or probably going to start to learn better and better now. Jim and I think see it because we see kids so often. Yeah. Or pick up on these kids look like they got great energy. I'm good to go. These kids look terrible. Why it's midterms. We ran the hell out of them on Friday and they're still feeling the effects. Whatever it is. There's a, there's a, you have the plan, but the plan is super flexible like Juliette just said. I'm having that. Well, that's the one thing that I've really loved about. The one thing I've really loved with my trading is that yeah, I have been a cut started, you know, every week doesn't have to be in wrap. You know, from doing my deadlift and if I don't feel up for it, I could just shut it down. I think I texted Matt, I think I, I did something for like 16 in my head. I'm like, I'm going for 20 because I got 20 last week. And at 16 of my guy, if you'll work it off, what's the sense? And I just put it down. I'm getting a little better. Yeah. Consistency Trump's everything. But I kind of since not competing and not having that kind of structure, you know, I will waver all get off path. And I realized what I did while I was competing was the best. Those are the lessons I need to carry over now. Like I talked about my greatest kids were 15 pounds. That'd be five years ago from 585. I'd be three years ago from 585 to a 600 bench. I didn't complain. I just followed the process. But now without competing, I kind of might path wonders. And I think I've really gotten to a good place. We're like, okay, now these little fine-tuning, like, okay, yeah, D-load weeks have it or if I need to D-load week for condition. That it's not my priority. It's got to take it back. See, it doesn't mean don't do it. It just not my number one priority. And I have to train it as such. So just, I think I'm a better I better I coach another people and I coach myself. And I'll give them advice and tell them what to do. It's like, do as I say, not as I knew. And I end up screwing yourself. But it's been a long time to unscrew myself. This is my challenge to youth and Vincent. Let's just say for shits and giggles, we have a meat here in July. I don't know if you'll be, you know, what the situation's going to be like. So then you don't have to answer this right now. Like, I, in our group text, I told you two things I kind of wanted to do. I'll probably do either both of them are just one of them. Okay? You need to figure out at this meat what you want to do. That's the, that's that will drive your training beyond the leaf. For example, when I was in Florida, that's when I started thinking about like, listen, I need to, I want to even do this, this, whatever, what I wrote to you guys, I came through, I had to do a lot of thinking about it. As soon as I put that down on paper, everything made sense to me, all my training made sense. You got it and it's not like anything, it's not my, ground breaking here, but I think Vincent, you need to figure out, and it has to be reasonable because of your past, your injuries and stuff. Like, right, you know, I don't know what is, but let's just say for example, listen, I really like the trip art that left or whatever, 455 or 5 or something. Whatever, I don't know what it is, but it needs to be something, yeah, orderly, amazingly concrete and you have to, once you do, and then do whatever up about it, then you want to do, but I think you really need to do that, Vincent. I think you need to sit down and fucking plant your goddamn flag. Because that, yeah, I already, I was funny, you said that, no, I, I, I want to wrap our, I, now here's the, the stupid question. So if I haven't been, I'm doing all AMRAP, yeah, I'm been taking very moderate weights, feel great. Most of my, I'm most likely, I'm struggling to, you know, between 15, 20 rounds, but my technique has been, you know, meticulous on the various versions of the lifts that I do. Yeah, so I'd like to trap our deadlift for just a max single, and do the Swiss bar or football bar, whatever you got there, for just a max single. Is it stupid? I won't be, one of the biggest friends I've had in the past when we're doing our NOVB. I probably did a little more testing and probably ramped up my weights. Now I know I won't ramp anything up. I will just follow the natural progression and not do anything differently leading up. It just tests that day. But do you think, at the point I am just the one for signals that day is stupid? That's your goal. It's your goal. What I do think is, would we stupid though? Do you feel good right now, Vincent? I feel fantastic. Then don't change a goddamn thing. Yeah. And I would probably tell you to do is, whatever you're doing like, you keep track of your diet and ship. Whatever you're doing like the stuff that doesn't matter, might matter more than you think. So make sure you chart that because I lost track. I'm like, what was I doing when this felt better when I cut down? I should have, because I didn't, I should have wrote it down, but I didn't. So whether or not, I don't think it's a dumb thing, Vincent. I just think you need, you have enough experience taking run-wet maxes that you'll be able to put it together and a garage in July with two of your best friends. I'm not worried about that. What I'm worried about is you get right half thinking you need to do something differently. No, I have my list right over there, because I'm down into the basement. I have my 12 stretches that I do every day. And it takes me to, it takes me probably about about half an hour to go through them, because I don't, I don't rush them because I go how valuable they are to me. And I do them every day. And I was doing a couple times a day to kind of just unscrew my body. And yeah, I can't not do them. And I have to just keep things simple. I'm not looking for anything else, ask anybody else anymore. I have everything laid out just to get in like one of his powerlifting matters. How meticulous I was with what I ate, how I recovered, how I slept, how I trained. And that's what got me where I was going. I just got to, I get enamored with the new shiny toy. I'm not doing that anymore. Yep. All right. Just think the other thing that I would add to what Jim said is what, what are the potential negative repercussions of doing what you want to do? And I don't know if there are any. That's a good point. What could happen if the singles are what you want to go with? Um, I think the, is your, is Vincent? Well, you guys, here's the point. Here's the point, though. If I'm doing it in front of the two of you, I know you'll both shut me down. Because I remember squad is squatting last year. You know, I hit a really good squad. I think it was more than I wanted to do. And I was like, I think I got another, you're like, why? And I was like, you're right, why? We just walked away. Yeah. So that's, I don't think it's a bad idea. I grew Jim. I don't think it's a bad idea. I think you continue just doing what you're doing. Not to drive your deadlift up, to test it. But you just keep training. And then you get to see that training yields. The other thing Vincent is, uh, just as an example, you'll feel you'll lift better on that test day if you're healthy. Big, big, big, big. Yeah. And so how, I got, yeah, examples, how many times have you gone to a power lifting me and all the guys tell you, I'll beat up there. Well, that doesn't seem very smart. Now, that doesn't mean at some point the trans going to take its toll. But you should be trained in such a way, but the time you reach the meat, you feel good. You should be feeling good, not bad. And uh, yeah, that's kind of what we, what we started to do at the football team is the old, uh, by Friday everyone should be feeling like they're about to have the best, you know, physical day of their life. Not, um, my hamstrings a little tweety. I'm so tired from practice. Then you'd fucked up something, they're in practice. You know, or you're going to fry it, maybe you didn't eat a knot for whatever. So I think that needs to be understood. Uh, I'd rather feel really good and be slightly under-trained than feel horrible and be overtrained, which, or if that happens, that's probably not right. But I'd rather feel really good in healthy and let the consistency of good, smart work carry me, rather than, uh, do, you know, like everyone does like 18 meats before they meet. Now, guys, my opener. Yeah, come on, that's what the operators are for at the meat. Yeah. I always try to explain to my kid, this is a little off topic, but you'll understand my, where I'm going with it. All the kids always want to train hard and heavy and go for what they can do that day. And it's like, well, do you guys want to do that with running the hill? Like, you got 20 in you. Let's see if we got 20 what? No, no, no, no. Well, why do you want to do it in the weight room? It's, it's, you know, Vincent, you've got your plan follow the plan. You follow it. You're going to be able to, to get what you want without having to beat the hell out of yourself back to the point that Jim said, guys, go to borrow if the meats and they feel terrible. Well, what's the point? You can be better about what you're doing. Get the awesome results you're looking for in feel great. And I'd rather walk into a meat into a game, you know, the N.O.V. Meat whenever we end up doing it, I want to feel really good because sometimes you'll do more than you think you can, just because you feel so damn good. In our life, I think feeling good and healthy will make a stronger than any amount of training will do because we have such a background. Um, yeah, I think that's, that's, I think that's very well said. Oh, thanks, Bobby. Perfect, gentlemen. I, I, I, I tell you one thing, I'll never take feeling good for granted again. But you, Jim, I think, you know, a little while ago, you know, you, you, you got in a good space. The last time I think we're there, you were able to hit it pretty hard. And now it seems like you've had some back issues. And, you know, I think that's one piece of advice to everybody out there. Don't take feeling good for granted because this is zero some game for a lot of people where you're lifted heavy and trying to get out on the other end. Just figuring out your out, your out strategy could be a tough one if you want to stick with it. Because I know you need to a lot of guys, a lot of guys aren't with it. A lot of guys just, you know, at some point they whether it's life circumstances or just they don't want to do anymore. I can't, this is one of the most important things in my life. And it sounds stupid to some people, but not being able to train is one of the hardest things on me, you know, versus other than my family, whatever you want to know with my family, not being able to train is one of the worst feelings that I could contend with. And I do like the best part about going on vacationers. It's like being away from your wife or something for a while. Like you start to realize, oh my gosh, you does everything. And when I was like, you know, I just missed training so much and that's you get so many good ideas when you're on vacation. Because you got time to think, you know, obviously you've got a lot of time you're just sitting around drinking or whatever people do. But it made me love training even more. And then I get all the ideas for the kids and I'm all excited. Like I just just talk in here. I had a major fucking breakthrough with what our kids are going to do. And I'm excited. What's that? I'm not telling anyone. Is that like the old Louis? Is that like the Westside? Everybody thinks they're doing Westside? I'm really doing Westside. But I have some ideas. I have now the idea is just came. So I got to sit down. And what I do is I'll just sit up and not watch the most mindless TV show. I have a pad and paper or something. I'll make notes. And so I got to run it by a cutler or head coach. So I think I have a fucking, I'll share with you Matt. Can you, can you, can you, can you? Yeah. I'm going to do text Julie right now. I don't know actually. I think she's outside right now with James. I have some work like that. We'll figure this out. Why don't you, can you come up tonight? By the time I get my stuff organized, I wouldn't be there. I can come tomorrow. Yeah, come, what is tomorrow? Do you have any idea what day it is anywhere? It's, I went to a doctor's appointment today. I think I was Friday. Today's food, they tomorrow's Friday. Because just throughout when it, I've been going in three days a week, one day, Wednesday, Friday to do a active work. Because then we train. We do our work. And I didn't go in today. So it's Thursday. Because I've been, I train every single day. What I do is require much rest. So I have no idea what's going on. Like, you know, it was Sunday the other day. We couldn't figure out why certain things were open. Like, I had a coronavirus is really hitting me. I'm getting a question, man. Hey Josh, can you hear me? All right, once you ask another question, man. Yeah, do we, maybe I asked that question, I think. Yeah, I, I miss competing like the just having a very concrete goal to shoot for whether it was getting ready to play football or to do a powerlifting need or whatever. I missed that a little bit. I don't think I have the same fire. I mean, I definitely don't have the same fire to do what's necessary, to compete at a fairly high level. But I definitely still have a little competitive edge to me that doesn't always get satisfied. Doing what I'm doing now. So I miss it. I definitely miss it. How about you, Nancy? With the, I was the last to leave competing, which, so I had the biggest struggle letting go of it. But now even when I see it, I don't, I don't miss doing it. I enjoy, you know, talking to my buddies doing it. But I, the NLV fuels my fire just coming out to trade with you. You got to be able to be competitive fuel for me. And which is really good because, you know, to be able to do it where you do not stand in a gross hotel, your paying somebody to lift the weight, your paying somebody to lift weights around a bunch of sweaty dudes. And I got to hang out with you too, which, you know, which is great to see catch up with friends. But I do miss, I do miss being big. I will say that. I will forever, I'm very dis, but I'm dismorphic. If I'm big, I, well, I was never unhappy when I was big. That was never unhappy about I thought I looked great. I was strong. I could care less. And now I'm so twisted and not, well, all of them getting to a much better place. They don't be, honestly. I gained some weight back. I went through a rough patch in the fall with, had some serious family issues. And then I had some, some, just started getting stenosis. I got 3, herniated discs. My body just started fall apart. I was down for like two, I hadn't, I didn't trade for three months. And I was down to about 205, 206. And when I started things start working out with my family, I just started getting myself together. I put some weight back on. I got up to about 2, well, 222. So I'm back down to about 2, 19. I like to see 200, like, uh, eventually just because I know I feel better and Jim, I, if you think the 10 pounds will make a difference, it does. All right, because I know I felt better. I know I felt better under 2, 10 than I do now. And with all the work I've been doing, I can't imagine how good I would feel back under 2, 10. So that's really my goal right now. I just get back under 2, 10. But I'm in no rush. So no me is, you know, my goal is to lose a pounder to a month tops. Yeah, I get you. I just, uh, I, my big problem is if I don't really commit to it, then I just don't care about it. You know, like Lluicek said, uh, the doctor asked about his eating habits is like eating habits, like just, it's whatever. Or, you know, like I didn't, so I never really weighed myself. I just kind of ate food and, you know, that makes sense. Like I never, it never really, yeah, the difference wasn't it? Right, it's not something you tracked. No, I didn't. I can't, I could took, I, I pride in way myself for six months. I didn't, you know, I just, like, what am I going to, nothing would change? It wouldn't change me at all. I got still eat when I eat and, uh, but I think, uh, when, uh, it just kind of, you know, I got older and I need to watch what I eat a little bit more. Man, everything is stuck on here. Can you guys hear me? Yeah, I can hear it. I can hear it. Yeah, I'll look at the video. I go out to eat with you clowns and you're the people that I sit in a restaurant. Hey, I look at people with, like, half eat in plates and food, still left on their plates. And I just want to pick at it as I walk on. I'm like, who does it eat all of their food? And they're in lies in difference between, like, the two of you versus me, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, we can plea utter pig. Like, really, you're not going to eat that half a slice of toast? Yeah. Like, I can sit any one big meal and then not eat the rest of the day. Which is not a healthy thing to do, but I can do that. You Vincent can eat a huge breakfast, turn around 90 minutes later, have the same breakfast. And you're not, you've already figured out what you're going to have for lunch. When you're in dinner, more or less, and you're trying to think about what dessert you're going to have after dinner. And that's just how your brain works. You, you just, you, it's, it's the Italian upbringing. I don't remember you calling me when you were gaining weight. It doesn't matter what me, you were calling me on a Tuesday and you were like, dude, I'm going to have Chinese food. And then I'm going to go and then he call me the next day and be like, no, no, no, I'm not getting Chinese food tonight. I'm getting McDonald's and I'm going to get a shake. And then he call me Thursday and be like, dude, this is what I'm going to have on Friday before we train. And then on Friday on the 40 minute ride to the diner, he'd be like, no, no, no, no, no, this is what I'm doing. And it was so funny. He genuinely enjoyed eating and thinking about it. And I was like, I'm getting French toast and bacon because that's what I get every friday before I train. And people are different when we in get here, hopefully for the meat, hopefully cracker barrel is open. Yes, it was for takeout. That's what we have. We have this. It's a very interesting part of our way for takeout. We'd have to take it out if you didn't write in the truck. You really have to write. Listen, yeah, as long as pop buys is open, that's all I care about. Back, I saw the one of the ladies that I always see at the pop, I saw it Walmart. And we had a long kind of, she gives James like all these gifts and stuff whenever he comes in. So she knows us. And that's not something I'm very proud of when they walked in. It's like, Hey, no! Yeah, yeah. But yeah, still open. It's obviously so taken out only, but we never ate there anyway. So not a big deal. Yep. I still haven't tried the sandwich. Oh, it's good. Very good. Like, when I first got the sandwich, I got my usual meal too, just in case. And how stupid of me to think that pop buys would make something bad. Exactly. Exactly. One is, I've graduated myself. Well, roads, I had a conversation to ask about the sandwich. And I was like, because I'm that type of guy who would regret and like, oh, man, I would have gotten the meal and the sandwich, because I'm like, if I don't like the sandwich, I'm going to be pissed. It rose like, no, it's like 50, 50 way you're there. Whether you want to get the, whether you're going to go with the five piece or the, or the sandwich or the 10 piece or the sandwich. And I'm like, all right, I got, but I still haven't given it a shot. I don't know. I'm just just jibbed. I don't want you to make sure. Jim, that's the great philosophy when we go out and get take out, you know, whatever. It's, so let's say we go to McDonald's or Popeyes or whatever, you know, you're going to get the chicken sandwich to eat on the right home. And then then you have your meal when you get home. It's like an appetizer. It's what you eat before you get to make you more hungry. Yeah. It's the the embers that stoke the fire. Yes. Yes. So, yeah, but you can stay at the Popeye's, she could say, which is, is good. It's solid. It's legit, man. Yeah. All right. All right, Josh, hit me, hit us with something else, buddy. I will, I'm going to take this question. Do I miss competing? And I'm going to probably sound like maybe I'm a dick or something, but nothing compares to playing football. Nothing. I'm powerless to nothing. I think is a completely different animal. You are a, a, a, a massive 11 people working to beat the shit out of someone else. Every play is like a little mini battle that I loved. All I have to do is win this battle. It's all I cared about. I didn't care. I never cared about the score. I know that's the wrong thing, like to say in this day and age. I'd rather just play fucking football. And then whatever the score is, the score is, I, and I was okay with winning or losing because I only wanted to win the battles. The small and a little, you know, and whatever the war turns out, I'm okay with. When I moved on to powerlifting, of course, I wanted to compete, but it's not even, not even close to the same. I mean, I fight anyone. Like to me, that's not competing. Competing is like a some kind of physical battle between you and another person. And so that's, and while it's still, like I still mean, I had to drive. It's just not the same. And that's what I try to get across to our kids. My talk to them. Like take advantage this time because this will shape you more. Not that, you know, winning and losing it's being able to learn how to fucking fight and learning the battle and learning how to be exhausted and still throw someone on their back and fucking choke them out. So I don't, I missed the competing in football. But I'm physically so fucked that I don't really, I know I can't play football anymore. I don't miss competing in powerlifting. I think Vincent had a great point where you're paying someone else to live weights. The last meet that I did, I remember after the slots I looked at my buddy, well, I'm like, do we could have done this in my fucking basement? We could have been over in 45 minutes or my garage. And we could have just went out and fucking, you know, eat wings all day. And so I don't really miss that. I would Vincent, you know, you miss being big. I only miss, I don't miss being at big. Like 275. I think I hated it. But if I was 205, I think I'd be fucking miserable. So there's like a good balance. Yeah, I said that my, to my assistance back when we were working. And I was like, I'd love to be 300 pounds to be that big again. But I don't want to heal the way I felt. So it doesn't matter. Plus my heart, it's, you know, the doctor's like, hey, 275, you think you can lose a little. I'm like, I eat twice a day, dude. How am I going to lose any more weight? Yeah. Anyway, yeah, I just, I don't know if Matt, you feel the same way. And just like, there's something about doing a physical motto, emano sport, like, you mean, I don't footballs 1111, but essentially every place you have guessed another guy. Yeah, I do. I totally, I totally relate to what you're saying. 100% relate to what you're saying. What I liked about training, like, let's go to powerlifting. What I missed, or, oh, I'm going to try not really. Um, putting in the truck with Vincent on the ride to the diner. And then talking trackers we walked in the weight room and the people, the interactions more so than the training. But you're right, nothing is quite. I still get butterflies on Saturdays, like when we get out the bus to go to the hotel to the field on road trips, I still get excited. Um, not what you do, but I still, they're still that that you get to go out like you said, do battle with another human being that's got a job to do. His job is to beat you, your job is to beat him. And every single little battle is, well, you want that one, I better kick your ass this time. And if I kick your ass more, I did a better job. And if all my teammates kick your ass to, the outcome takes care of itself. Yeah, I don't have to kids all the time. Yep. And even when we train us, they just don't worry about what we're going to condition. Don't worry about the circuit. We're about this rep that you're doing right now. Let's have awesome fucking reps. Yeah, we're going to do 10. We're about the number first one and then the second one. Let's just, you know, so you know what that's called? Living in the moment. Yeah, and it's, what you're doing is you're teaching them the habit of, you know, Nick Saben says it be where your feet are. Your feet right now are at 135 as your warm upset. So do that awesome. And then it's going to be whatever, 185 or whatever. It's just being the moment. Do what you're supposed to do. Do it really well. And the outcome takes care of itself. Your numbers are going to go up. You're, when the battles you're going to win the war. Yeah. And then if you're doing, you weren't supposed to win anyway. And that's okay. Yeah. But it sounds, I know, we need to every day coming from a society that everyone's a winner. Yeah. But if you do those good old things, if you go to class, if you take the notes, if you get into study groups, the test takes care of itself. And your grade says that you're a winner. But it's the habits that you learn along the way that are invaluable in every single aspect of your life. So do you have a sports to take? I didn't take sports to the college level. Like you guys did by, you know, played on a successful football and high school and wrestled. And I will say, you want to impress your will upon. But you want someone to have grit, have your kid wrestled. Because as difficult as I found football, because people like that when it's funny, because even when I watch fighters miss weight and I watch, we are super kids in high school. We, you know, junior high, where you figured out how to make weight. And that's when it was brutal, probably a lot more dangerous than it is now. So like I got weight for me and I think enough enough enough. And why I see people miss weight. I just, I like these people are just weak. And I know it's probably not the case all the time. But I know at some point a lot of it's just want to give up. As it, you're just pushed yourself beyond a limit. But the one difference between those are, you know, sports, sports or wrestling or a football with powerlifting a man said, you get to choose who you powerlifting with. And I would, when that came to throw a man and I first started training. I was mostly training by myself. I trained in a powerlifting gym. But I didn't train with people. There's just weren't people that I really enjoyed training with. So I rather trained, I trained in the gym. But I trained by myself. And I don't know, my, my, my standards must have been that low to like start. You know, that, well, I was there to hold boards. That's why I got to train with you. And I kept my mouth shut in over time. And I was like, I guess he's useful. And we stick in hold boards and give me a lift off. I, I, there was some worth. I brought that you allowed me to stick around. Yeah. And it's one of the, and I do tell people that with the anti type of training, just go add some value, do something. But spot load, keep your mouth shut. And you will, you'll become an integral part of the crew. You'll, you'll serve a purpose. And yeah, and you definitely serve more of a purpose than that. But it took you a little while. But, but, but, but, but that's how I got my foot in. Yeah. No, what other, what other, what other, what other body part would have you? The, I just want to punch you in that big fucking head of yours. We're signed. We're a four, strangers. Oh, man. I wish that video would have saved. Oh my god. That was, that is, one of the most depressed day moments in my life when I found out that was gone. You know what's funny is I, I sent that to my buddy Will who used to train at Westside. And he had, he was in his car. And he said, I had to pull over because I was pissing my, he goes, then I realized you were talking about me. I was like, do we all work? Oh, I was the boy. The, all that was making, no one will have to be in front of me, making fun of everyone. Yep. Oh, yeah. Nobody will know that nobody will ever know. First of all, the, no one just don't know what'll ever know the brilliant. It's just, it, there was a, we lost a national treasure. That's, that's it. That enough said, you think the coronavirus is a problem. Yeah. Yeah. All right, Josh, what do you got for us? Oh. Yeah. I think that was a compliment in this vantage. I'll go here because I work in a school in, uh, I think people who weren't tolerated if that's the right word are tolerated better. And I think I think people should be able to whoever whoever they want. I just, I just, with like, if I'm not saying something correctly or doing something correctly, don't jump down my throat. You know, it takes a little time to kind of figure things out. Be educated on it just, just because, uh, you know, not everybody can know it. The, the right, uh, pronoun to use or, you know, the right bathroom to use or the right words to say, it just doesn't mean it's an aggression. You know, uh, hey, whatever food you're both would make you happy. I like to, you know, lift weights and probably do some other stuff I'm not going to share. And, uh, I don't, I don't, I don't want anybody worried about what I'm doing. So I'm really not worried what they're doing. Just don't beat me up over it. Yeah, you said it way better than I was going to say it. Um, you know, I guess with, with some of the words that kind of what to you said, we grew up in certain words, words, meant for just certain group. It was a way of bolting each other. South Park would have phenomenal job episode on this I thought. It wasn't, I'm making sure of you. I'm not making fun of a group. I don't hate a certain group because I say this or that. It's, it's how I grew up. Right or wrong, you're not going to undo my upbringing because you got offended today. Does that make sense? And maybe I should change some of the words I use. I agree. I probably should, but don't tell me that I have to do that because you're offended. I'm offended that you're offended. So now we're both offended. Let's have a great day. The only thing that I will say about this is it comes down to two things. Being authoritarian, being an narcissist. One people telling someone what they can and cannot say and two believe in that you know what's right. Yeah. And 100% of all that is based on those two things and there's two things I fucking hate more than anything. This late narcissism that they think that they even have a remote idea, what's right and what's wrong. And the love of authoritarianism of them telling everyone what they, what they should be doing because they're the fucking expert. And light at judge and basically everything, the lens I can see it through. It's just, and the thing is it doesn't really affect me. I'm in a small town. My wife and I and our kids are all very close and keep everything tight knit as a family. So I don't, it doesn't really bother me because I doesn't really affect me. But it just, it surprises me that people don't understand that those two things are are prevalent. And there's nothing worse than then someone controlling language because you control the language, you control the narrative, you control history and the rewritten, people rewrite the history. So you'll bring it on because unfortunately their belief system is not based in like a jello mold where the rest of us have fucking concrete. So anyway, you know, there's a lot of this stuff. Honestly, it's like in my wife and I talk, I mean, roads and I will talk about this when you get here. And I'm 100% okay with my belief system and our morals. I just don't know if other people are because they're the one screaming all the time because they don't believe in what they believe. So there you go. Yeah, I only want to straighten their west side. Yeah, yeah, that's what's to another one. I don't have big stories. On the other side, we hope that I'll tell this one. So it was Friday and we were squatting and that day for whatever reason I decided to call Dave Bocifus. I have no idea what I've never in my life called him Bocifus. So every time he stepped up to the bar, I was like, there we go Bocifus. Bocifus, here we go. Do it steeper, Bocifus. So the entire workout goes by, then we get to the EFS, it's like, what the fuck? Well, I call me Bocifus. Yeah, it was like, it was like an Andy Kaufman moment. Yeah, like something that Goplin went to and made no sense for zero purpose and it was only funny to me. And I'm scared like Jail. I'm sure Jail was there and I'm sure like Jail was laughing because he's like, yeah, I get it. It doesn't mean anything. But anyway, that's the, that's my most epic story, you know. You know, there's a guy named Chase Carms who who did an entire article. I think for a lead FTS on this. And he's a guy who actually trains strongman in the way he can sit everything up with, in at least the feedback that I've gotten has been an awesome way of doing it. And I trust Chase is incredibly smart. And Chase is very experienced, very methodical. I've seen, you know, Chase's used to ask questions on a lead FTS. I mean, I've been gone for 10 years now. And I, so he's been doing, I remember answering questions when I was there. So he's been doing it a long time. I just think that he would have a better understanding. I, everything I would do would be guesswork. So I don't know. And I'm okay with not knowing. That's one of the greatest things when you get older. Like when people come to me with an injury and like, I don't know, I go ask the trainer. I don't know what the hell's going on. Like I just, I state, you know, I try to stay in my lane regarding that. And because someone, I don't want, and the good thing is our trainer, then defers to me. When it comes to straight training because I respect her role, Erica, by the way, who's super awesome and nice. Not sure she's going to watch this. But you can make sense. Like you get that all the time too, Matt. So like, hey, I got this and like to see the trainer, man. I don't know. That is, I don't want to do in my job. I'm sure she doesn't want to do you know, my job. Like that. So yeah. It's a whole chart. A lot of the people who are administrators are like that or I am every now and then you get some folks that, you know, our experts in their profession and mine. But yeah, it's just a stainer lane where I'll hear and like you said, what about this? I don't know. You know, like I got a kid's last to me about that problem. So I'm like, yeah, I know how I fixed mine. But it's not my job to tell you how to rehab. We have people that want you to do that. There's a lot of you have to go see because they're the experts. I fixed my back. Like, well, this didn't work. I'll try this. This didn't work. I'll try that. But we have access to those people and that's who I'm going to send them to because that's what they do. That's how they pay their bills. They know what they're doing. I'm going to send you to them because they're better than I am at that. So I thought about this. When Dave and I would do seven hours, we did shit on a seven hours together. So we spent a shit on a time in airports and hotels and stuff. And I'm not telling any, you know, Dave, I think he said he was in college for like seven years. So I started referring to him as Dr. Tate. Dr. B. And I feel bad saying it now, but I'm like, I have to do it, man. I have to call him Dr. Gross was spent so long in college. I'm not a question. Sorry. Dr. Bofizius. Yeah, Dr. Bofizius. Hey, that's our record. Next time we see Dave, we all have to just call him Dr. Bofizius. So let's see. Dr. B. We've already started. My bottles. Yeah, exactly. Oh, I see a message. Shut up. It's not funny. Hey, guys. I can't see the computer. That was going on. Josh is wrong. Vincent, I hope you're on the second floor. You tripped and fall down the stairs. I hope you're going to blow that your face so you don't get hurt. You know, he was sad to get, we have so many funny stories. I don't know how many we've told how many we haven't, but I will laugh forever about so many stories to where we're but the fifth story. No, no, no, someone asked about physics. I'm not. No, the Vegas story. Oh, you can't hear sound cut out. I didn't hear you. Yeah, the Vegas story. Yeah, the sound is a little choppy. Yeah. All right. Yeah, what? I'm going to pull the bike out. Let me. You guys hear me now? Yeah. Yeah, do that. Yeah, that's what we can. What's that was fun? And not for the reasons. Because we didn't go to any bars or anything like that. No. Yeah, you are in my problems that I have now or because you pulled my pants down in the hotel. guaranteed. That's that's one of the things you don't know about. Can we please? Can we please change that story? Because it sounds weird the way you just said it. And the lobby of the hotel. Yeah, there was a casino behind me. So what has been said? Yes, he was. Oh, man. Josh, you guys think else? I got one quite, I got to tell this story. I just remind is with one of my good friends. We went to Pittsburgh for a meet. I think it was Pittsburgh. And everyone, I wasn't competing with. We went out the night prior to the meet and we weren't just I mean, welcome to hammered. So there's like five of us in a truck. And the driver was a good friend of mine. And he lived in Kentucky at the time. So we were in Pennsylvania. And he just tears off down the street going the wrong way on a one-way street. Just I mean, like 90 miles an hour. We're like, dude, you know, Grant, you're going the wrong way. He's like, don't worry. They can't pull you over if you got out of state tax. And we're like, oh, yeah. And we just like, three months. Oh, you should. What? But it was, he said it so convincing. Just blazing down the one-way street going like 90. Don't worry, boys. I got out of state tax. And I was again. That's right. There is no more group of people that can convince themselves of stupid things that a group of male powerlifters. I don't know how it is now. But yeah, there was nothing you couldn't say or do as a group that didn't sound like a good idea. Kent sees stupid experience, Corey. Hey, yeah. Hey, our judge, hear this up. What time is it? Six, twelve? I got, I got the last load here. So let me see, as I put on my, okay, well, that's not good. I hold on. So, let's see. You have to have a lot of left to write. Group order signal for consensus. Do you read that? I got it. This is the office. Hey, Jim, you mentioned that you did Hill Springs back when you played football. Apart from that, it failed work. You have any other conditioning methods. Swimming biking, etc. That we use and what are your thoughts on using varied conditioning methods compared to more sports specific methods. So here's, use it as a general fitness. The thing with conditioning is very much like diet. I think Vince will agree, whatever conditioning method that you do is generally the one that is the best for you. However, if it's taken away from your goals, then it's bad news. But I don't think it matters so much what you do because conditioning, unless you have a specific response you're looking for is more about the heart rate and just general physical well being. So whatever you want to do or whatever strokes your little weir, I think is good to go. I don't think unless you're doing something very specific like powerlifting, we don't want to be doing something stupid or a football player. You don't need to be running miles on concrete stuff like that. So I guess, you know what I had to do? Because you've done a shift on a conditioning too. Yeah, I just want to share, I think, you know, our conversations have led me to really be a little more introspective about my conditioning. And as I look back and see what worked and what did it work. The most I would say the most bang for my buck and the one that's least likely to enjoy me is a soft bike that airdined. I find I can do hard and not if there's a much better reward than risk of risk reward ratio, the assault bike or the airdined than there is pretty much anything else because if I ever went to try to go do a full sprint, you know, outside without warming up for about two hours I tear everything off me. The prowler has a lot of, you know, we'll have a lot of residual effect because with back issues just making sure I'm in the right position, you know, slim dragging, you know, I find I find it boring, but I'll do it and it doesn't beat me up, but I also can't get to intense with it. So for me, if I need to get intense with anything, that really doesn't have a repercussion. It's been the assault bike and I like we text it back and forth. I'm going to pepper in, you know, very methodically some sprints back in get some of my hard conditioning back because that's one thing I haven't been doing. And I feel great as a result. So if I pepper that in and it has a negative effect and you know, not just take them out and just take them with walking. It's funny because when I use the way fast to go for a walk or visit or a mat and I will go for a walk, then we'll run the stadium stairs and come back. We've used a great fast for that too. But the emotional comfort you get from just walking outside and enjoying things, especially when you live out in the middle. Yes, you can't put a price on that, man. And I just I think being outside, you know, there's no joke I heard a psychologist say that no one ever kills themselves outside. Now of course that's not always true. But the point is if you get outside your mood gets better, you know, you can put on some headphones and you don't have to listen to, you know, black metal or nails or something, you just kind of relax and listen to a podcast or some comedy. I always listen to funny shit. So and I have no problems laughing by myself. So I'll just be walking down the street and like, like, I must be heard or something. So I think from an emotional standpoint, I think it does a lot more than just physical. And especially if you want to hear what you think you can leave the house. Yes, one thing I want to add is I have found that I used to do everything plugged in. And now I do a lot of my walks without listening to anything. And it's almost made a little meditative, you know, if that's a word, but you know what, I don't I think people are just used to being fated that we don't go for a walk. I mean, we try it without your headphones for some people. The problem is your alone yourself. That's rare. Yeah, no. Yeah. And I think that there's something to be said about that. And I'd lose to you. Can't do it a whole bit where he was this car and he just didn't put on the radio. Wasn't checking his text and something and just let himself be. Because I just started crying. I have no idea why. But I have some ideas that I'll run by you later about the air dive. And we'll go through it a little bit. So just I'm not saying text just follow. But you know, I would have to talk about that shortly. So I'm not sure if you can get a message. So, I'm not sure if you can get a message. So this would be interesting. How do you adjust programming for those are 50, 60, 100 years old and above? You still feel a little rap still useful. Please exchange. Basically, there are any changes for programs for liftors who are older, volume frequency variation. So, Matt, you want to have a, I don't know. I mean, the thing is, Matt, like you have the body like a nine year old. Yes. Yes. Yeah, you're, you're, you got a year I'm a good. How old are you? I think. How old are you? The lower reps. If we're talking about like squats and benches and stuff like that, if you can do those traditionally or with a safety bar, trap bar, whatever, I think they're tremendous. I think the lower reps are good. Because can I add this? What's that? I think the lower reps are good with a weight that you can do double the triple. Yes. What's I able to do? Yeah. Do five reps? Or whatever with a weight you can do 10 or 15 times and maybe repeat that just a couple times. There's a big difference between that. That's when people say low reps and always drive me nuts for what is it? We can do eight triples at the, like, the old west side. But when you're, you know, automatically think it's as heavy as I go, it doesn't have to be like that. Well, okay, I'm sorry. I just wanted to clarify that. Yeah. But I think, you know, again, as long as you can do the, you know, if you could get the traditional west, you're gonna say, you know, especially for whatever. I think it's great. Do the lifts that you can and whatever way you can. Yes. And then when you get down to the pushups or the sit ups or the bodyweight squats. Again, I don't think you go nuts with it. You know, do sets of five to 10 and do, you know, like, you do, I love the way you write stuff a lot when you, you read your books. It's like 50 reps of back. Well, I could do, I'm set to five. I could do three sets of 15. I could do, but it doesn't matter. Just, you know, maybe I can only do three pushups a set because whatever, I just do more sets. Like, you know, it's, I don't think you have to go nuts with it. It's the fact that you're moving. And I think this is a great example or a great time to use your philosophy of three movements. Yeah. It is your country movements really, really, really well. You could do wonders for people. I can do wonders for you. I can do it as well as people in their 50s or 50s or 70s or 70s, whatever. Just you're doing something that's going to benefit you. Make sure you're doing it safer or safe learning the other. So, I know. No, that's it. You know, he talks frequency. I think your frequency is going to depend a lot about him. Obviously, I'll have you trained. But the other thing is you need to do something every day. It doesn't have to be in the weight room, but you need to be able to do something like, uh, I'm talking like an Italian right now. Like, uh, what was that movie? What do I do with my hands? Tell me about Ricky Bobby. I don't know if everyone's. I can find Bobby. Just important when you get older to be able to do something on your walk. A few words, example, let's say for example, you trained Monday, Wednesday, Friday. I think on those off days, you need to be doing something and not so much, uh, I mean, walking's great. But you need to be doing something where you're on the ground and getting off the ground or changing levels. I think that's super important. And it's like my dad, my dad who is insanely fit. He's 74. They, my parents just got back from their second trip to Europe. They bike to cross like Germany and another and that another, I don't know, somewhere else. It was insane. But, uh, you know, I, I look up to my parents quite a bit and I see what they do and one of the things is they're always doing something, even if it's not something insane. Yeah. And as I get older, my main things are health with the conditioning. So I don't have to go balls out. I mean, we still do stupid shit. Matt and I did a crawler push that was, we're targeting one day. Yeah. For the most part, this is for our number two is when I, it's just, most general, what Vincent is going through, mobility work and it doesn't have to be like, super sonic mobility work. I do yoga every morning and it's to this, I look horrible when I do it. But I'm getting on the ground, getting off the ground, doing stuff and I think again, that's going to make you feel better. And number three is I try to put on muscle mass. And when you get older, I think, uh, for a lot of people, while the smart bench to have the press all that stuff is great, I think that you to find a way of low stress movements to add muscle mass. And that's very similar to what West side does is they'll do, you know, the main lift and then it's just basically pumping up the muscles as much as you can. And those are low stress movements that get, that, because muscle mass deteriorates level. So my maker all right now is that worrying about the strength, and worrying about the muscle mass and the strength will take care of itself at this point. For years ago, it was kind of the other way around. So, and ironically, that's what I do with the young kids. We all the main lifts are performed with precision. And then on the assistant stuff, we just bomb a high-perchrophy stuff and a low rest stuff so that everything that main lifts are done for power and precision, everything else is just done for a pump and that ends up the kids feel more fresh throughout the year. Basically, it's called the full circle. You know, when you get younger, you're trained in a different way. When I say younger, I'm talking very young. And then when you get older, you can try and, you know, very similar like. So basically, so I got years on you guys. Most of them all. Yes. So being that I have years on you guys, I'm going to be 51. Going through just kind of figuring out how to train while being older. Because for a long time, up into my mid 40s, I was still at my strongest. And having to recreate myself has been a bit as big difference. And I think my greatest advice now to, you know, people who are definitely getting up there, want to stick with it is being creative, flexible, then consistent. So you have to be creative. I realized I can't use a straight bar to squat anymore. And quite frankly, I may never put a bar on my back again. E-safety squat bar. Because I went through four or five months where my feet were numb because I have spinal stenosis in three-hurt-yated discs. And put a bar in my back, may never be worth the reward again, as much as I have. But I have a belt squat. So I don't need to squat. I mean, I don't need to squat in a traditional sense, because the belt squat does everything serves every purpose that I need it to right now. Yes. With my 10-thrift, the deadlift with the trap bar, which, you know, I've been using the trap bar forever, even you know, I did not, when I stopped squatting and deadlifting for injury purposes 30 years ago when I was competing, I still always had value with the squat bar, the safety squat bar and the trap bar. So the trap bar for me, I was finding out at the bottom that was really bothering me. And I'm like, oh, maybe I'm just traveling too far. So let me put it on some blocks. And I noticed even then, it was so bothering me. So I found, I had some little full piece around it and I was just practicing with a little full under the bar and I was like, all right. So it's the impact of the bar at the bottom. Even as carefully as I could set it down, no, John. The impact was bothering yeah, the drawing. So I bought high density, both foam. I deadlift with that. Now I have no problem with the deadlift. I've been using the shoulder saver or the, sorry, I've been using the football bar and I had a terrible tendonitis and working through that with my physical therapy. I put the hip of a guy, and I showed you, I texted you guys, I'm a guy with the shoulder saver to fit on my Swiss bar. It was like you said, and I like it. I had to give it up. But, sorry. I was creative to figure out what the left side could do. I was flexible enough that I could let those other lifts go because my goal is to be training and to be strong into a joy what I'm doing. And now that I have finally figured it out, I can't be like, all right, well, you know what, year from now, maybe I should go back to the straight bar bench or maybe I'll, you know, go back. If I'm serving my purpose, I just need to be consistent now. So be creative with the lifts, find the lifts that you can do, you know, be flexible, let go of some of those old things that you used to do at your younger and when you figure out what works, you got to be consistent. And I think you made a good point, you know, maybe, maybe between the lines, but what I took is like, for me, I'm probably never going to be able to do dips again. You're never going to be able to squat again with a straight bar, right? B.O.K. Not doing some things that you used to be able to do so that you can keep going like all three of us are listed exercises that we could do together is really short. And the list of stuff we can't do anymore is expansive. And it's okay. Like, I just can't do that. I can do this instead. And like you said, these are my goals. I want to do this. I can't, I can do this instead. Low beef to bowl with that because that will prolong your ability to do this. Hopefully, for us, you know, I'm under decade or so, because we're not making it that much longer. My, my score is the track, or I didn't keep it alive. What I'm taking away from that is also, I think for the past couple of years, you know, when I've modified or done exercises, like my goal was always to get back to the traditional squat, the traditional bench of the traditional deadlift. That time has passed. And I think as you get older, you have to listen. We all know the guy who's 70 or we see Instagram and the guy 90 years old deadlift and 400 pounds. That's fantastic. But he probably would have lived in 70, 100 pounds and his 30s and 40s. Right. You know, because all that stuff took a toll that I think I anybody who has put that time in us realized, you know, that for most people that Nirvana is gone. And I think that's where I finally am. What I'm doing now isn't to lead me back to that. It's to be comfortable with what I'm able to do and make progress there. It's moving forward with what you got or what you could do. You know, with the other thing, kind of a little bit off topic is, when I found that I couldn't do X, Y, and Z, that I started doing, you know, A, B, and C. With the problem wasn't so much not the movements. It was the effect it had on my body. Okay. So it was a little bit different. I could still do the movements, but like my body was so beat up. The problem that I had was, if I just go in and do something, I need to have something that I can fucking grab, like I grab whatever I'm doing. I want to fucking tear it's have both. And that's where I was kind of next. And so I think when I texted you guys, you know, what my general idea for stuff, I can attack the shit out of the way around now. And still get that feeling without having to resort to what we used to do. And I think a lot of guys maybe that needs to be said. Like you got to find something you can do kind of, at least for me that was kind of balls out. And really pushing the on the rope, really physically. So whatever that might be, you know, I can really, you know, I guess serves a bigger purpose than I think that we realize. It's like when you went in on whatever, would you guys venture on Fridays? Back in the day. Yeah. Like that was fucking focused and saying awesome, right? Even if you're going laying down your nose, it was still really focused and you were pushing the limits. And I think that's what I kind of missed because of course the limits. And so, but I, you know, I have faith that what I'm doing now, I can get down that road. And plus, you know, I think what I think one of the things we take for granted is having each other for a sounding board. And I, you know, I forget a lot of more. That's why these questions are here. So for someone who's older, you really, you know, you need to, you need to talk to people who've been there. And the nice thing is there are people, I mean, you reach out to us on, you know, whatever. But you really have to dig deep to kind of figure out what's going to work for you, what's going to, you know, what's going to float your boat. But is it doable? And, you know, do you have who, who do you have who you are, who's keeping tabs on you or who's keeping you honest? And that's, that's why it's really good to have you to you guys because, you know, and we need to keep each other honest. And it's hard because we all want to go back to our roots. As much as I'll say it, you know, I know what I'm going to do. I know what I'm supposed to do this time. I'm going to stick with it. You know, we all get that wild hair up our ass and that's the problem. Well, Julie had said it best the other day. She got on my case about something. She's like, you're the best coach I know and the dumbest fucking lifter. I never tell Jim what he knew because he wrote a book. So he sold eight or nine copies of it, too. Yes, that's what we've been. Not just when you have a sounding board, I think that's obviously critical. But if, if in the moment of sobriety and clarity, you write down things, you've got to put those up. You could look at it. It's kind of like your 10 commandments or whatever, you know, and say, okay, you know, I veered off course. Let's get our ship back together here. So even when you have that moment of clarity, you've got to put it down. And I think it's super, like I'll give you the good example is the days you're feeling good. Sometimes that's not always the time to feel to go crazy because you're feeling good. And it's like this internal quest to feel like shit that I think people have in training. Like, hey, I feel really good. Well, then do what you're doing. That's kind of a set word. Like I get this like, hey, I've been doing this, this, this, mess. What do you think? I'm like, well, do you getting strong? I was like, oh fuck yeah, I'mma tell you, you're good, brother. Keeping up. And so maybe, you know, that needs to be said is that outcome does not need to be killing yourself or, you know, self-lage relation. You don't need to be a martyr every time you go in the way. Right. Because it's what I try to tell our kids all the time. If you kill yourself today, well, we got to run tomorrow. You know what I call the next day. And then we got to run and then we got to live. If you beat the hell out of yourself today, it's, it's going to negatively affect you tomorrow. And then stress builds up. Be happy that you walked out today. Not feeling like death because tomorrow we got more. And then we got more and we got a magnitude of more or whatever it may be. Okay. And then I'll get for us. I feel great today. Well, I got to go for a two mile walk tomorrow. And then I got to squat on Friday or, you know, whatever it is, it's, it's seeing the big picture, seeing either the, what does it call? What's a week called the training? A micro cycle? Right. And then a three week cycles and that's like, it's like seeing that whole big picture. It all adds up. Well, you know what I did, really. You know, you know, JJ. Yeah. Okay. JJ really wanted to go for a max reps at max weight. And it was way more than what he usually does. I'm like, right. I do letter rep, you know, massive PR. Even, you know, just, and this was on a Friday. Well, Monday comes around. He goes, man, I know why we don't do that. Stupid shit. It's like, yeah, because they figured out. It's like, yeah. And so occasionally, I'll let one of the older kids and has a wild hair up his ass. Do something. And it's happened, you know, a dozen times. I'm like, all right, let a rep rather. Let's see. And they get all excited. Because, obviously, they feel good and they're written. But to a T, everyone of them, uh, totally get it, man. I feel like, if you're a big two is when you go nuts with weight and you do weight more than you're used to or heavier than you're used to or whatever, the emotional, uh, opponent, they don't take into account. Like, well, that's, that's right. That's especially important. Advanced athletes. Yeah. As an example, Thomas Leski told me a story about that. They did, uh, hammer thrower went, I don't know if it was their lipics or something very similar to that. And he said a rule record. He only did, I think, five or six throws. It took him two weeks for central nervous system to come back down. Two weeks, like six throws. Yeah. The emotional Tom is so big or the these kids realize. And realizes. The world, the more advanced you are, the bigger it is. Yes. Yes. You know, we could go over the intern interest, muscular coordination and all that other baloney. Uh, it just, you know, like when Vincent bench 600, uh, your pinkies helped you bench 600, your toes helped 100. Yeah. A emotionally reaching your goal was probably satisfying and, and almost depressing in an uplifting and all the emotions all over the place. And right, I mean, like, I remember when I squared a thousand, it was like, oh yeah, I couldn't believe I did it. I'm like, oh, well, that was it, huh? Like, it was a, you know, of both brave satisfaction and all the emotions and like, it's just overwhelming. And it takes, you know, it takes a very advanced, I'm not saying I was super advanced or anything like that, but that needs to be taken in the count quite a bit. Absolutely. Yeah. It takes, it takes a toll. Yeah. Yeah. That's one thing a lot of guys aren't saying the, uh, you know, when they, they like testing their strengths and I'm like, like, yeah, it's, it might not be a meat, but that will text your central nervousness. And especially the way we would do it, you know, when we, I know all three of us at, you know, turning with Matt, it's not, it's not something that's taken lightly, taken it, going into a heavy lift. It's something that you kind of really work yourself up to. And then, and then when it's done, you know, it is. It's a weird crescendo feelings, uh, you know, and it sounds, it might sound silly, but most people listening to this probably get it. Yeah. Well, the, uh, what was I going to say? I don't know what I was going to say. Just, uh, I guess the best way to put all this is have a lot of good days. You don't have to have a lot of good days. You're going to have some four days, but just try to have a lot of good, a lot of good days where you come out, you feel good, you got what was done, and that, you know, the other thing, I don't know why this popped in my head, uh, it's about a two weeks ago. I thought, if I went back now and let's say I said, you know, I did whatever, like I said, it was dynamic day. I did eight or 10 doubles or whatever, it used to do at X weights. And let's say I moved up, it hit a massive single, like just blew it. I would leave. I would leave the weight room, because anything else I would do, it would just, even though I'm riding high, you have to be smart enough to say, you know what, that was such a massive lift. It took out more than I could, and I really know right now. So let's get out of here. Obviously, you can't do that every time, but that's why you don't do it all the time. So, okay. Anyway, yeah, I tell my, like, I'm like, you know, I'm not feeling it. I got to get X number of reps in my squat and I don't have to work out anymore. If I hit this, I've kind of earned that right. And so it's kind of what you're saying, and I think a little bit, it's like, it's like, I got it. I feel good. I hit a goal. I wanted to hit and I'm going to ride high a little bit, because any more might be detrimental for the next. That takes a bit of experience to get there, too. Yeah, trust me, I fucked that up a lot. Yeah, I have more questions, Jim. Yeah, let me, what time is it now? It's six. Oh, we didn't have this for a while. So you must be lonely. Yeah, no, kid. It's near. This is really, you know, in relation to what we're, what's going on now. Working with some bands, not rocket and roll bands, but bands, they pull up slash tips stand. And if you kettlebells, thoughts on getting strong during this time of, you know, quarantine, social distancing. So we have bands, pull up tips stand, and some kettlebells. So let's start with the bands. Let's get some ideas of what you can do with some bands. We'll get like five or ten exercises. So you got, you got a pull up bar so you can do push down. Let's just start with bands right now. Oh, okay. It's just, so Vincent, give me a couple of exercises with the bands. Well, of course, you got face pulls for your chest. You can, well, you can do a some kind of fly. You get around a column or two columns or just a chest press. And an overhead press is going to cover a lot. And, you know, one thing I just went throughout there too is you might not increase your strength, but you can maintain most of it. You know, I wouldn't be hyper worried about increasing your strength, but just do it work again. But those three are good upper body. You know, good pushing exercises. Throw push ups in there. Uh, with the band around your back. Oh, he said bands. Well, I know, but he push ups. Yeah, or we can't believe Vincent, little reset push downs. I know you're doing a few years. Band good mornings. Yep. Paul Cruz, pull throughs. And so what I would do is probably pull out will go through this again pull up and dip bar. Whatever you can do. You can do pull ups and dips every day. If your shoulders are offward, if you do do them every day, make sure the volume isn't insane because the pull ups, a lot of times hurt your elbows. Over time, there's a lot of people complain about. And obviously the dips in your shoulder, but you can do those every day. And kettlebells, obviously you have the swing, the snatch, kettlebells, uh, the goblet squat that you know that people do. If you're heavy, not, yeah, rose, rose. Uh, and then the thing is that one thing I, I'm surprised people leave out as lunges. Go do lunges. Yeah. You know, 50 to 100 reps per leg. You can do those every day too. So every day for example, your core was lunges, chin ups, and pull ups or whatever you want to do in dips. That, that was the core of your workout. And you would shoot for a total reps. Like listen, I'm going to do, you know, 50 reps every day for lunges, 50 reps of dips and 50 reps of chin up. I'm just making these numbers up. And then you supplement that with whatever band, working one to do and whatever kettlebell you work you want to do. I think you'd be set. And then I think you should start with the least amount of reps, you know, maybe X per, and then just slowly build up, not every workout, but every week. I think people get this idea. You can just increase every workout. It does the work like that. Do it start pretty light for a week and next week bump it up or bump up only one or two and then keep on going. So that's, and then with the bands and stuff, you just gotta be creative again. The bands don't have a lot of eccentric overload. So you could probably do that as long as your body feels all right. But lunges, dips and chin, I think you're going to be okay. Yeah. You'll be the other thing. You can get your hands on an ab wheel or if you do hanging leg raises, another thing you could do every day. Like what Julia does, as you do, it's chin up in a leg race and the chin up, like in the same set. And that's a tremendous total body kind of thing. And it's great. So that's what I would say also, you mentioned elbows on the chin ups. Yeah. Just make sure to vary your reps. Go with a super-ed in-grid. Yeah, go with a closer-grip, go with a wider grip. I have found switching, I switch between, I do pull-ups three days a week now and I do a super-edigrip. I do a wide-grip and then I do a neutral grip because I might borrow a lot for that. And it's, it's helped my elbows a lot. I tell you what, the neutral grip is huge because that's all I use. And I have five different variations of that and it makes a big difference, man. So, you know, the other thing, here's the example. Yesterday I did my weight vest circuit and I did my chums with a 55 pound vest. Obviously, I'm not very good at pull-ups by the 25 total reps as part of my workout. Today I did chin-ups again, but only did body weight for sets of five. So I'm not every workout has to be, you know, like you're from Sparta. Yeah. Yeah. Speaking of chin ups, speaking of chin ups and pull-ups, and now I've adapted and been more flexible because I do all my pull-ups with a band assisted now for right now because my back and my shoulders have been so screwed up that it's more important for me to have absolutely perfect for and control that it is for me to muscle myself. I can bang out 15 pull-ups right now without, you know, without the bands, but I'll pay the I'll pay a price for it. And now I I fully feel a much more of better contraction. I'm able to, you know, feel the concentric, eccentric, better, and much more control. And again, I live, it's not a hard exercise for me. It's just volume, you know, you three sets of 10, well, 15, three days a week, just keep building. And I've been doing a little less bands here and there, but, you know, until that, that each one feels perfect without the, without a band, I'm going to keep the band in there. Well, you treated one as a movement and one as an exercise. It's a big difference. It's like when you squat for powerlifting or whatever, it's a movement. Your goal is to to do that movement with as much weight. Perfect. If you do as an exercise, your goal is to increase the muscular, you know, as a totally different feel for it. So you do the exercise a little Ironically, when I went over to do local gym for the machines, I tried the, uh, the assisted pull-up. And yeah, I can do more chin-ups regularly than I can do on that thing with my body weight. Because I, I'm really going slow, hanging pull-up, holding. And I was like, I got everyone's I'm like the piece, the biggest piece of shit, you know. But it was a weird thing. And I can see more with my body weight than I could with that thing. So that's, you know, that's, it's just a very strange thing. So the other thing is, if you can get your hands on a fat bar for chin-ups and dips, it makes a huge difference with your body. The fat bar feels way, way easier on your hands and your elbows. So yeah, found the same thing, the fat of the grip, the easer is on the joints. Yeah, I agree. All right, you guys want it? Shit, it's 650 right now guys. You want to be done? Put a wrap up? Yeah, because I got, yeah. Yeah, I got to eat. I'm getting hungry. Yeah, so what? All right. So what do you guys eat? I know what I mean. I know you have my, I get my meal sent to me now. I'm lazy. I'm going to eat. I'm going to eat through Stamford Insight. Then I guess I got to start eating better. So I'm committed to that now. So maybe when you guys see me, I'll be 235. I was eating after all the day after unless you, you're 60 right now, dude. I'm a, oh my god. Like, stepped on the scale the other day. And I was like, and I stepped off and then stepped back on, he said, I'm like, I moved it a little bit. See, what did it say? How much did you pay? Oh, that someone's coming in here. Get the gun. Yeah. Last then 260. I'll just put it out like 250. I'm going to eat some ribs. It's been good talking to you guys. Thanks for being listed in and I can't wait to see you guys. I'm glad that you two are getting together. Asoles. Yeah. Thank you Dave. Thanks Josh. Didn't there and probably be in boredom tears, buddy. Thank you to everyone. Listen. All right, buddy. Yeah, I say thank you to everyone. Jim, I'll talk here. Thanks.