There he is. Yeah, I'm not the most technologically proficient individual. Me either. So this is a mess over here. I was like Googling how do you add people in shit? For anybody that doesn't know. Okay, so Williams, the lead FTS have been powerlifting for, I don't know how many years have been training for almost 20 years at this point. Jay, how long have you been training? I think we're about on the same track. Like training for powerlifting or training? This in general, I know you were part of the Canadian Bobb's sled team. Yeah, that was back, which is 23. So it's pretty awesome. It's a five to five. That's a long time ago. I didn't get in the powerlifting till I was 26, 27 years old. Right. And it was kind of because I couldn't find a sport to get into. I really like weightlifting. I love with weightlifting, but weightlifting is kind of a sport where you need a coach. You need a sense of eyes. Now you wouldn't because we have phones. You could record every set much in senior to equal sight. But back then in the olden days, before a phone's got pretty amazing. I needed a coach. And I couldn't find a coach for the time of day that I was training. And the one coach in the city that I liked, he was also a bit of a cross-fig coach and he was doing lots of lightweight. This and that and I hated it. I was more on a Bulgarian mentality. I liked Max and I would almost every single day. I was kind of like a John Bros. Kind of kind of, and so I just got pissed off. And I had this one guy, Willie Albert. He would train at the gym at the YMCA Marrival, which is kind of like a very popular hub in Ontario for body building and strength sports. But this guy, Willie Albert, we had a lot of powerlifting at this gym. And Willie was always talking trash to me. And I was like, oh yeah, I want to get a competition. You think you're so strong, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I'm looking at these guys and like, you can't fucking lift the weights you're saying. You can lift. You got to put on all these little, these little, these little, these little dress cups. You're costumes. It's like, whatever. But then one day he's like, yeah, so there's something called raw. It's raw lifting. Nothing. Not even anything on your knees. The WPC's coming out with it. He's like, there's a competition. And I was like, all right, well, weightlifting's not going to work. So let's do this. And I went to my first competition. And you know, you obviously know who I'll be in is. Yep. But I'll be in was there. And for those of you don't know who I'll be in is he's like, he's like from the ad cone days. And he's a multiply lift. He's squatted a thousand pounds. I don't know how many times. His totals are all, I don't even know how ridiculous his totals are. He's multiply liftor. But he's like a legend. And he's this big 320 pound dude. And he's like, shave head across his back. There's a barbell and underneath his head's hard core. Right. So I'm walking to this pile of you mean I'm like, you know, I'm kind of like, Well, what is this? To see what this is? And these guys are, yeah, this is crazy. It's from from that moment. I was like, okay. This is a pretty cool sport because he's guys pretty badass. Well, I think then to go ahead. Us. From that moment from that competition, I was hooked. What I love the. The atmosphere. Our lifting. It's just great. It's, uh, it's not what you would expect as everyone here knows. Powerlifting is not what you expected. The attitudes, like, there are people with chips on their shoulder, but the attitudes are more of a more of a positive. Everyone come together. Let's lift this fucking way up. I'm going to clap for you. Yes, I want the metal. I don't want you to have the metal. If you're struggling through it, the natural instinct in me is going to be the fucking go do this. Everyone loves that. And that's why it's great sport, right? Well, everyone's been humble, right? I think that's the big piece. Um, so to tie into that, actually, my first, first time we met was Rumb 6, which was, um, Jackson, go ahead. I think that might have been important St. Lucy. Um, I don't know. It was 2013, right? So Rumb 6, I'm a young guy. I have done maybe two or three weeks and had some success. I said, like, okay, I can be pretty good at this. And it up. I remember at Rumb 6, there were probably 15 of us. 20. It wasn't that many guys, right? All right, there. You good? I phone six asks. I need to upgrade. God damn it. Come on, you're better than that. I'm going to send you a venue after I continue. I don't know. Sorry, I didn't catch you. You're saying I had a lot of it cut out, but that Rumb, I think it was the one in Corpus, not Corpus Christi. Is the last one. Maybe Rumb 8. I was walking by and I had an awesome phone, which I still missed, called a Blackberry passport. Yeah. I was like, hey, nearer. Nice Blackberry. That's what I was like. What's so funny? Here's the thing. What was this? So yeah, so like my walking buttons. All right. Whatever. Sorry, I didn't catch you all. So yeah, we're not. You're good. So yeah, so Rumb 6, I was first time I met you. And I think we had there was the roster was maybe like 15 or 20 guys, but it wasn't big, right? And I remember in between like squat, that's you, that lift. We were all moving platforms. We were setting up equipment in between getting warmed up, which I thought was like really strange, right, for for a big meet. My first experience at a big meet, but my biggest takeaway was I had known you from we're going to this kind of minute from power lifting magazine, right? Powerlifting USA. You have a copy of that. And I knew I knew who you were. But I was the kid that was like, I was young. And I was like, I have something to prove, right? I was competing against everybody. And I wasn't real open to talking to anyone, right? And I think part of the way through the day, we were warm enough for bench. And you just knew you were like staring at me. Like what the fuck is wrong with this kid? And afterwards you made me laugh, because I warmed up to like something like training partner had me. I did like touching go something, you know, 400 to move fast. But he was like pulling on the ball, right? We did it as like a warm up. And you were like, what the fuck is this monster going to bench press? And I ended up shouldn't have been like terrible meat, right? Eventually, four to one year, whatever. But the way you carried yourself throughout the meet the entire day, you were very calm, cool, collected, you were not, I don't even mean encouraging everybody, but like you were so zen about it. And my big takeaway from that, I was so impressed with you. And therefore, the way you carried yourself in the way that it was not a you versed me kind of thing, in the way you interacted with everybody else that was there. And I appreciated that. And that was something that I definitely took on from myself throughout the rest of my career. And I thought that was important. And important to bring along the young guys in the sport. And there's sometimes you don't realize the impact that you have. And so, after the fact, because I'm sure we didn't talk about that, So maybe a couple years, you know, even a couple years ago. So yeah, I thought you were, I think the way I described it, you were a great ambassador for the sport, especially with the way that you carried yourself. So I think it's funny that last night, we talked a little bit before we were gonna do this. And I think the way to delineate the sport at this point is like the power lifting USA era, which you and I were a little bit of part of and Instagram, right? Like those are the two things now. Like we weren't so old school that power lifting USA was the only thing. Like we had some of the Instagram era. But, you know, like, I just, I mean, this makes me laugh. I pulled this, I had a young kid benching with me in my basement. And I was like, you're a very powerlifting USA. And he's like, oh, what? And I was like, oh, I sent him home with a bunch of coffees. So I have like, this was J. Polls 704 for the biggest total of me. I thought it was fucking awesome. I laughed because I was like, I got to pull this thing out. And I was like, oh, I got to pull this thing out. And I was like, oh, I got to pull this thing out.