Mark Watts, Derek Dullner, leadFDS.com, we're here at the S4 compound, just going to demonstrate three different variations with dumbbell presses. The first is going to be an elevator dumbbell press, the one thing we got from Joe Ken and Passy-Rotter article about it, but it's a way to do it either in a mechanical drop set or a mungle workout. And as the angle of the bench changes, and you're at a normal mechanical advantage, it basically can back the teeth. So again, when you're at your freshest, you're at the most disadvantaged, stages position. So Derek will start off with just basically a very high inclined press. You can even start all the way up for the shoulders. You can do as many as you want to, and then afterwards again, just working all the way up. Again, with athletes, one thing you're talking about is probably not doing a full overhand grip, a really great grip. Really trying to get a probably an angle, at least about 45, 30 degrees, and then coming up at the top, just for shoulder help, especially when you have overhead athletes. So again, working all the way down, and again, as the angle change, the inclined changes so sure the strength curve for your athletes. You can also separate those up by step. That way, you can actually use the same weight as you go through the whole process. So the second one go over is two different variations of alternating dumbbell presses. The first is just going to be an alternating dumbbell press. And again, all we're going to do is go ahead one arm at a time. Now this is good if you have athletes, and you want to make a little more difficult without necessarily adding weight. Plus, you get a little bit of a stability component involved when the athlete has to stabilize on the bench. The second variation of one thing we got from West Point was a duo. This is separate the terminology. A duo dumbbell press, where again, we'll start with both arms up. Now keep one arm up as I press with the other. So again, just pressing one, and that's another way to add an alternative dumbbell press because again, if you're doing a lot of these, it can get still if you're prescribed in those weekend weekend. So I'll sub you with mode and intensity, but those are just three variations. Maybe try out, just give you a little variety in your program.