Mark Watts, Derek Doner, leadupds.com. Today we're going to show you a four exercise circuit for the tracks. This is one of those circuits that will get you yoke beyond belief. This is kind of an honor of out gentensity and you can rename this any kind of track yoke shrug pun you want. But again, it's a pretty good exercise. We're going to combine four exercises. We're going to start with a explosive exercise in a Snatchgrip Hypo. Pull up with double shrugs, a band shrug, and then some high shrugs to finish it off. So we can work with that grip. So once you start, it's going to be continuous. So again, the fourth is going to be a Snatchgrip Hypo. And Derek is going to go ahead yoke. And if you have an Olympic lifting, bra around your car, reset your feet. But again, get those hips involved. Just to get some more power. Keep those hands wide. Just to help out with any kind of impingement. Then we're going to go ahead and work right back over to the dumbbells. And again, Derek's using some lightweight for demonstration purposes. You can use whatever you want to. And again, he's just going to do five. But after you do three to five reps on the Snatchgrip Hypo, now you want to just go all the way to a muscular fatigue on any of these. So as soon as you're done with the dumbbell shrugs, you can use traps if you want to. You'll set up with we're using a monster mini band, but you can certainly use just regular mini bands. Light bands will be tough for most. But notice that he's pushing his hands through. And he's not really grabbing onto the bands. He's putting his hands all the way through. So the band is resting on and around his wrist. And again, same basic principle. Make it sure he's getting full contraction at the top. And again, this is a way to really take out the grip when he's going ahead and execute this movement. Last part is going to be a high-struck H-I-S-E. This is one of those old school exercises. So again, you could do this on a machine. You could do this on a calf-rave machine or whatever. But we like the SS-Yoke bar. And again, it's just basically trying to get mass contraction with those traps, getting that Yoke big. And obviously, that's what the ladies like nowadays. So again, try that out. For athletes, it's great to protect. For combat collision athletes. It's great to protect that neck and that trap area with that percussion prevention. And in all these seats for aesthetics. And for any kind of strength athletes to trasp where it's at. So good job.