We'll start here for a lead FTS. We're doing another installment of video inquisitions. We're talking to Josh Bryant. Many of you may know that Josh is a new father. So I kind of want to say a little bit of a different question. Josh as a new father and someone that's building their career, do you feel that fatherhood has taken away from your ability to really focus on that? Because you want to spend time at home or is it making more driven to get into work and kind of build a good future for your family? As a new father, I'm very motivated to provide for my son and my family. I mean, really, you know, what I mean, I couldn't, I could just think much of myself by was able to provide for my family. And so I'm having a son by no means is taking anything away from my career. It's just going to take away, if I'm doing, you know, obviously, I'm minimizing any kind of extra curriculars. You know, I'm not at the gym when I get done, you know, trying 10 hours of people at the, I'm not just standing around socialized after it's all business. But it's actually, I think it's gotten better in a sense because, well, efficiency next time, I want to spend time with my, any free time I have, I want to spend my son. So the way to make that a reality is to maximize efficiency. You know, I think I've heard people talk about a lot of times. If you need a favorite, you ask a busy person. And the busier and the war guys would become, and then even though I have less time, I can kind of maximize efficiency. So I think it's been, you know, a lot better. And it's definitely motivating to want to provide for my son. And another question on that topic, Josh, do you feel that all of these increased responsibilities make it's difficult to maintain your own training and your athleticism? Do you feel that that you're done as an athlete? You're on your next phase as a trainer? Or is that something that there's some still, still some things that you hope to do in the future as an athlete? Definitely with increased responsibilities. I have less time with my own training, but I will never stop training. It's just again maximizing efficiency. And the difference is now, you know, I'm a goal or an in person. I always have to have a goal and I need to be on a way to achieve it. I believe man is engineered that way. His goal seeking being, you need to be focused like a laser on a goal and try to achieve it. You're not going to be happy. So the way I have a difficult mindset of my own athletic pursuit, my goal now was to help people pursue theirs and be the best they can be. I don't think if I was competing, I'd be as good of a trainer because, you know, when I was competing, that's all I would think about. I'm a sort of funny story one time is I saw a girl who's very attractive that needed help pushing a car and I, you know, I had to get my, she asked me to help push it and I actually have my friend do it because I had squats later that day and you know, what are going to perfect chance at the time. I want to single the hit on it, but the squatting workout to press it as I, you know, it would have mattered that that's always going to happen today. So I'm going to train hard now, but I'm not trying to focus all, that's why I call it general fitness training. It sounds so much like a toned down, you know, Richard Simmons type deal. It's still hard training, but it's not where every thought, every second of the day is focused on my workout. It's focused on a lot of people's workouts, focus on helping them get better, but when it's my time of training, you know, I still have people behind you see this here today at the gym. When I'm training, you know, I'm working out. I don't see it. I don't see people in there, see still what's to this day. You know, so I'm still training hard, but it's just not the mindset of everything I think about that's going to be geared towards that workout. You know, I'm going to like, I've been wearing college before. You know, before I have a master's degree, as I go, getting the undergraduate degree, there'd be times when, you know, I knew I was going to be poor in a test, but I'm not going to stay out to mess my workout. I really take an F on a test, then mess the workout. I mean, just that's, you know, how it goes. And now I get that same kind of attitude, but it's towards helping other people if she's there going, so that's why they have been successful because that's where I focus on it. Is I'm now helping other people if she's there going. And finally, Josh, are there some lessons that you learned under the bar that you hope is a father to pass on to your child? There's definitely some lessons I've learned under the bar that I'm going to try to pass on to some first and foremost, you know, the work ethic that just can't miss workouts, the best, you know, the best lifters, don't miss workouts. And if you're a good lifter, you're younger, you're missing workouts. You'd be a whole lot better if you didn't. From November of 1997, when my grandma died, that's the last time I missed a workout from then until October of 2006, so I was staying. I did not miss one workout, so it's almost saying, you know, I wasn't necessarily ever ill. Anything else, but I've never missed a single workout during that whole time period. You know, I'm not trying to sound a bit nautical here, but there's certainly, you know, a lesson to be learned about work ethic here. If you put all you have into something, you're generally going to get pretty good results. So there's definitely, that's what's so cool about parrothing versus, like I say, you know, bodybuilding, bodybuilding is a great sport, and, you know, it's really cool to maximize your muscle mass, minimize your fat, body fat, and stay symmetrical. But the thing is, the bottom, the end of the day, it's all subjective. We're parrothing, you can quantitatively track your progress, you know, sort of like every role and said, you know, but when you get that poem about the iron and 200 pounds, this is always 200 pounds. So if you, if you're old record and bench press, there's 200 pounds, and that you're going to 200 or five pounds, you know, you're, you're, you're, you're improving. So you can really see yourself improving and track yourself that way. So definitely, good pay off and see your hard work pay off. And that, that's the main thing I think I'm going to take from under the bar. For my son is, you know, if you work hard, you're going to get results. Thank you.