Everybody, Steve Colskat for eLeADFTS.com. Here with my good buddy, Marshall Johnson. It's March 8th, 2015, Marshall competed yesterday in the XPC finals, which is run not a part of but in conjunction with the Arnold Classic. How do you feel overall about how things went? I feel really good. I went in with the game plan. There were some things that I wanted to accomplish, and I didn't, but there were some things that I was not expecting that happened very well. So I, you know, I'd say we go with the bad. A lot of really great things happened, and I just kind of fell short of my initial goal, but overall I'm happy with it. Okay. Let's set back a little bit. Tell us about how you're training with in preparation coming into this event. My training went very well. My squat training, particularly went very well, and ironically that's where I had troubles was on squat. My bench training struggled a lot. I was having some shoulder issues, but that's, it turned out to be the lift that I did very well. I, I, I had a huge PR and bench was not expecting it, and by the time we got to death, I was just so gasped and, and I didn't do so well on dead, but again, my training cycle went very well. Let's, let's go through each event. Let's start out. You started with, uh, with a nine 15 squat opener. How did that go? Very well. I, I did some, some, some changing around with how I approach my attempts. Squat is, it, but usually gives me the most, uh, most anxiety. So I found that if I set my opener extremely low and make a huge jump on my second attempt, I can still handle that huge jump on my second attempt, and it gives, it gives me just a whole lot of confidence. It's one less thing to worry about, um, you know, opening with nine 15, and then taking a hundred pound jump to my second attempt, uh, was no problem, and it just, it just sets the, sets the pace for me. A really positive pace. Okay. You, you're missing that second attempt. What happened there? Uh, second attempt. I was on my toes pretty much all of my attempts. I just couldn't reel it back in. I came out of the whole fine. It just towards the top. I, I got four out of my toes, and I could not reel it back in. And I had a game plan of a total, and there was a squat that I needed for my total. So I took a gamble and went up, uh, to 1060 on my 30th attempt, which even though it's not a PR for me, it's, it's a huge accomplishment for me mentally to, to miss a squat and then up the weight and go after what I was intentionally trying to hit. So even though it wasn't a PR, but I, I think I, I broke down a couple boundaries mentally, and I was happy with that. Excellent. Uh, what, what is your, your previous, uh, bench PR prior to this weekend? Uh, my previous bench PR is 730. Okay. Uh, so let's talk about, you had an opener of 650. Yep. Uh, that's, that's another one of my, it's just like my squat. I, I like to have my an opener just as low as possible, and then I'll take bigger jumps. 650 is as low as I can go to where it doesn't get sketchy. I mean, I, to touch my 650, I was bobbin, I almost lost it a couple times, but if I can touch it, I'll press it. So 650 went surprisingly easy. I think it's the easiest I've ever pressed it in training or an immediate surprise me how fast it came out. Uh, did you do anything different with your shirt this time or, or are you sticking to what you've kind of got lined up for previous meets? Nope, but did the same thing, you know, I still don't wear a belt. I like to have, I like to have a little bit of play in the shirt. I like to have a be loose. The only thing that would have been different is I'm heavier. You know, I've never come in at 300 pounds, um, but I figured this is my, this is my last meet for a while, and I'm, I was close to 300, so I, I wanted to see if I get 300, and that would be the only thing that I would think would be different, because I would just bigger in the shirt. Okay. Uh, your second attempt was 700 out of that one feel. 700 felt a little bit better, as you know, the extra weight it helped me touch a little bit easier. So I didn't, I didn't have to bobble down there as long, but I did go a little bit timid, and, and theory it should have been easier, but I, the, the, the weights were heavier, so I got a little timid, so I went slow, so it was a slower descent than I wanted to, and it was a slower touch than I wanted to. So, but the press, again, was easy. Soon it was got the press command, it just flew up and it was easy. Okay. And what made you decide to go 7.50 for a PR? Um, 7.40 would a minute PR, but I needed to make up ground from my squat, because I needed a 10.75, 10.80 for my squat, to, to be on pace for my total, but since I only came up with a 10.60, I needed to get a few more pounds out of it, and since 700 felt the easiest, it's ever felt, you know, I needed that 7.50 to get me back on pace, so I hit the 7.50, not only being a 20 pound PR, but, you know, just knowing that I had to go above and beyond to get my total, you know, again, it was just a huge, huge mental victory for me. Okay. You went with a, with a pretty modest, a 700 opener on the deadlift, you lidoskyed on that, what happened? You know, I, I was, I can contribute it was just the extra weight, you know, I'm, I'm sure my, my cardiovascular endurance probably wasn't what it could have been, and I just, I can only test it to the more weight, you know, I've never been 300 pounds, you know, I, I probably just wasn't in that good shape, and I got it up to the top, and I just went out. Okay. That's never, that's never happened to me before, you know, the meat was probably half as long as I've ever done a meat, you know, most meats are eight, nine hours long, but this was done in like six hours, I think. So it was just, there, there was just rush, rush, rush, rush, rush, rush, so I'm not making any excuses, I just, just, just, I'm something looks like the spotter's got on you pretty quick, you didn't get me any bruises and bumps or danks. No, I went down pretty slow. It wasn't, it wasn't a dead fall, I kind of just zigzagged my way to the floor. Excellent. How much time do you have between that and your second attempt in where you were able to, to that stagger you in any way or a little nap health? Actually, I felt a little refreshed, and Dave, Dave was up there helping me. I didn't know what to do, I didn't know if I just should just go to my 790, which was going to give me my 26, but he said, just take the, take it over again, and just hit it and make sure you get in the meat, because I hadn't really thought of it like that before, I would just think you in my 26. He just said, get in the meat, and actually was a little bit refreshed after falling over, and I just went in a lot more aggressive and, and ripped it off the floor. Okay. Overall, you left, how did you feel, leave it? I feel very good about myself. You know, I, twenty, twenty six is a number that's been evading me for a long time, and I just always miss it here and there here and there, but I came into this meat without my wife, which is actually extremely weird for me, because my wife has never missed a meat as long as we bend together five years, my wife has never missed a meat, and it was actually kind of messing with my head, because I never realized, you know, how much she does for me. I mean, she, she can set all my gear, she calls my depth on squat, she can, she can tell if my gears too tight, she can tell if my gears too loose, she knows if my bench form is looking weird, you know, she calls me down, she, she pretty much takes care of me the whole day. Protecting shield as well. Yeah, yeah, she's keeping your head in the right spot. She's always been my rock, and you know, you just, you don't really notice how how significant that is until they're not there. So it's, it was, it was weird not having her there. Actually, the next one job, what do you have planned for the coming year? Anything in your mind yet? relentless three weeks away. I'm just doing that dead look only, but I was very much looking forward to a break. If I compete, it won't be till the end of the year. We have our first child on the way, as you know, and she'll be along in May. So it'll be nice just to have that break throughout the summer and the fall, that my body recover. I've been, I've been going really hard at it with no break for a while. So if I, if I do a full meat, it'll be at the end of the year. We've already been talking about signing your child at six months old as our youngest team member because the genetics are going to be pretty free-kish there. Yeah. Hopefully it's her mom genetics because I was skinny. I was a runt, you know, she came out, she came out squatting. Hopefully, hopefully she gets to look as the genetics of the, of Kathy. We look forward to, you know, we're excited about the addition to your family and it's always good to see you at a meat meal in what you do. Yeah, thank you. It's good being here and representing you guys. I love it. And we'll be watching you at relentless. Yeah. Tell people a little bit of relentless how they can, how they can contribute to what you're doing. I usually will put in my training logs a link for you to donate to relentless. If, if you for whatever reason can't find that and you do want to donate, just go to the website firstgiving.com and you can type in relentless Minnesota and it'll take you right to a page where you can donate specifically to relentless. All of our individual lifters have our own individual pages, but it all goes to the same, it all goes to the same thing. So you don't have to necessarily donate to a specific person. You can just go right to firstgiving.com and look up for lentil Minnesota and find a way to donate there. Okay. Let's job Marshall. Yeah.