Everybody, Steve Colskat for eLeatfts.com and I'm shooting questions of Brian Swav. The topic today is going to be about Brian's book, the minimalist method. Tell me Brian, what is it that motivated you to write the book and how far back did you begin this process? Steve, I decided to write the minimalist or M2 method ebook. Probably a couple years ago, but the developmental process has been going on for years. I actually worked at the Y for eight years before opening Orlando Barbell from 97 to 2005. And I tried to, I tried a few different parallel thing methods, but I didn't have the options for different bars or bands or chains for accommodating resistance. So the method I developed was a good way to just use straight weight, but through and gradually increasing range of motion. So you didn't necessarily need the accommodating resistance, but you could still use gradually increasing percentages with less chance of potentially overtraining or injury. So I really started developing quite a long time ago. And then I'd say in 2005 when I opened a gym, a lot of the lifters started incorporating my method with really good success. So I'd say probably two or three years ago is when I actually went into the developmental process of narrowing down the percentages and fine tuning everything to actually write the ebook. Brian, the tagline of your book is essential training economy for maximum results. How do you reconcile this with the need for volume and training? Steve, I think there's a misconception with the minimalist method ebook that it's just based strictly on the primary three lifts where it's actually based on the main three lifts and what other accessory exercises are necessary to accomplish the most in the least amount of time. I'm a big believer in intensity over volume. I think that you can accomplish just as much in two or three all-out sets and you could in six to eight. I think a lot of times people don't push themselves as hard on the lighter weight sets and kind of wait till those last couple sets to put forth the most effort. The basic idea of the minimalist method is that you only do a couple warm-up sets followed by two heavy working sets based entirely off percentages so that you can actually benefit just as much from those two sizes you would from six to eight. Okay, the minimalist method, who exactly is this book targeted to? The minimalist method or M2 ebook is geared towards anywhere from novice to advanced lifters. The initial ebook is actually going to be for raw lifters and the basic ideas that you're going to have a set projected max that all the percentages are based off of so you know week by week if you're on track to meet your goal. It's geared towards lifters who are looking for a change in their routine to help prevent injury. Like I said, it's primarily based off of a gradually increasing range of motion so that you're not going through a full range of motion on each week and over taxing your CNS. So like I said, it's really geared for anywhere from the novice to advanced raw lifter.