MarkWassley.fds.com. This is going to be basically kettlebell 101. So this will be a good progression. If you have a large group of fasties, you have some kettlebells. You want to be able to teach them the basic components of a swing, which is pretty much what appears in kettlebell. It's really the main exercise for most kettlebell programs. Now, if you have time to go through a certification or better you have your athletes go through a long certification over a weekend, obviously it's more power treatment. Probably going to take more on them. But for again, a large group of athletes with minimal amount of time teach them the basic swing and a couple corners to look at as far as some common errors that they might make. Alright, first thing we're going to go over. Again, this is by opinion. This is stuff that I got from Dan John, Derek Fry, Capwack, Coleman that was able to use with our athletes. But first thing is to set up the initial set up, the initial swing of any kind of set. So, the most important thing is please don't start with the kettlebell standing straight up and down. We want to start with the kettlebell on the ground. So now when I start, I'm going to have my shoulder blades on my back pockets. I got tension on my hamstring and I'm going to start from the ground. That's going to keep my blues hamstrings in a tense position so I can start the first thing to do is start with a swing from here. Right? Instead of standing up and squatting down. So from here, I'm going to just swing it back like I'm snapping a football. Like I'm a long snap or I'm snapping a football on a pun, snapping straight back always through them. And again, keeping the tension on my glutes and hamstrings. I should snap it back so you should be able to see it on the back end. Right? Again, not a lot of me, but keep that knee bend the same. When I start the initial first swing, I'm trying to contract my glutes and my quads almost simultaneously. So again, I should have my flutts, my quads, my glutes, my tongue and my half feet. Flutts are the butt cheeks, my muscles are quad and throw that kettle bottom from. So again, it should be kind of a pop. So from here, pop it up. Right? Again, keeping the head kettle going high, the kettlebell should be above the knees when you're swinging the through. When you're coming up, squeeze the glutes or butt cheeks. Couple common areas. If athletes don't have the butt cheeks, squeeze, right? That'll squeeze those glutes. A lot of times they don't get full extension, which is a whole part purpose to try to get those glutes active in. Second thing is if they don't contact your quads, a lot of times they've got their glutes through, their knees are still bent. They don't have their quads flex, their knees can still be bent. And then in addition, even if they are, even if they are, if even they are in contract, sometimes they'll have that lean back. A lot of times your analysis is leanin back, trying to keep that center ground before. So here's the second major point. Make sure when you're swinging the kettlebell, swing it back through, pop it out in front. I should pop it out in front of me. So again, I'm going to go ahead and track my core, right? Throwing it through, pop it out in front. That'll keep me my posture straight up and down. So I'll have an over extension of the back by swinging this big common mistake. Last thing. Third point. On the decent. I want to make sure when I'm swinging that kettlebell down through, I'm just swinging down as far as I can. Almost like I'm going to hit myself. And then move out of the way at the last minute. So again, don't let the kettlebell drop. Don't let the knees drop just literally try to swing it as far as I can down. The more force I generate in the eccentric, the more force I come up with in the concentric. So again, it doesn't matter if I'm doing swings with American swings, rather swing, swings with band. The more force coming down, the better off we're going to be. So again, throw back. That's it. Come down. Come down. How does that can? And come right back up. Obviously I wish I had someone one more athletic and taught a better looking demonstrate this, but you're stuck with me. So again, large group of athletes started the bottom position. Snap it through. Make sure they're thrown the kettlebell on front. Throw them front to keep a good posture. Squeeze the glutes, squeeze the quads. Lastly, swing that kettlebell back down through the legs as hard as they can to generate some more force going up in the concentric. So try those techniques, especially for group of athletes that you're working with. Hopefully they'll help you out.