I'm here with Scott Stevenson, we're at Learn to Train, and I'm going to break, and find out what it was, and Scott was a speaker here. You've been a columnist with us for six, seven months. That's something like that. Yeah. But I have here, I think. Okay. So I've got a couple of good training sessions in. So I don't butcher it because you have such an extensive academic background, and because I'll let you prioritize which of your credentials, which you're going to list in one order, some people a little bit about your background. It's kind of a blend of things I guess you could say. When I first started, I was a student at the University of Georgia. I was a group of muscle biology, or as I was actually focused, but I've been a competitive bodybuilder and now for me competing for 16 years, 17 years, lived in since I was a kid. So I've got kind of unique, kind of old school, know some of the older bodybuilders, appreciation of that group as a muscle head, then ended up going to become a college professor, enjoy doing that. And I'm also a licensed acupuncture. So when I see clients in person or even when I help them online, I can address things from sort of the old school perspective, from a scientific perspective, and also because I'm an acupuncture position out of live and Florida, I'm a licensed medical practitioner. So I've got some understanding of the Western side of things that they do interpretation, and then I can use alternative medicine as well to blend those things together. But my first love is probably always to be just pick it up. And then I can do everything that I put them down. Yeah. You mentioned having a pre-estation for kind of some of the old school bodybuilder, who or some of the people you looked up to. Oh, I mean, I grew up reading the Flex magazine, Muscle and Fitness. This is kind of a generic answer, but the guys, like Gospari and Yates, the guys who you knew went in the gym and earned every ounce of the muscle that they have, those are the guys that I think they are actually relate to. Because I was one of those guys who could just kind of walk by the gym and put on a half amount of muscle. Yeah. I just loved going in there and training. Even when I was a kid, you know, playing football, we lived a waste for swimming, a rest of it for a little bit. I enjoyed just the training itself more than the competition or the sport I used to do. I mean, we had a one summer we had someone who kind of set up a program for us. And it was four hours straight away training and conditioning five days a week. And I was eating nothing beforehand. And actually, I think that I was a deep and ketosis that had some blood work for a physical and my dance like just concerned that I might even have diabetes. But I was the only one who did that because I just, the more the better I wanted to do. I thought I just loved the, the diving in and almost the altered state that you get when you just go after it and push beyond pre-vislim. It's just something that's, you know, printed in my personality. So those kind of bodybuilders were the ones that, you know, when I kind of sense that they were there just to go on a grind and have fun, that always appealed to me. One of the things that I've noticed from talking to numerous people over the years is that the people who, you know, don't genetically have things come easier for them. They tend to take a little deeper and learn more. Yeah. Do you think that that kind of led you or I guess near your an intellectually curious guy, you would anyways anything you get into? Yeah. I probably had the double way of me going because I didn't have great genetics. You know, my, my dad, my mom, neither one of them have, you know, big, thick builds. We're not descended from door spinner. I don't know anything of that. I'm not sure that I know of at least. And then the intellectual curiosity. So I was able to, to be one of those guys that, you know, there are many of them out there who, who they enjoy more of the digging in and learning about things, but they don't want to go and get into gym because that's not there, their, their, their proclivity, but I have a proclivity for both. So it makes for a nice combination of actors and interaction there as well. So yeah, a little bit of both. I was curious, but I also liked the hard training so that it worked in my benefit. We had Bill Willis out here. I think, though, a week ago, maybe two weeks ago, and Bill's one of my, one of my favorite guys. He was a regular air, but his, his studies have kind of made him, you know, a little less. Yeah. And one of the things we were talking about was switch fits into this conversation is, and the research world, especially exercise, Fizz. I know people that have done that that have been in the body building. They kind of hidden that because there's a bias against it. Right. They tend to be, I think a lot of that research is, is endurance sport based. Right. For you, did you, did you experience any of that coming through the exercise Fizz program? I thought you were just reading my mind here because when you brought that up, I know, I mean, the environment that Bill's in because he's not studying. He doesn't have that benefit on his doing something exercise related. That wasn't exercise science. I wasn't, I was in a muscle biology lab. And while my advisor, the rest of the soul Gary Dudley, he's like, do whatever you want to, it's digging ditches, it makes you happy to find it. But the general perspective, oftentimes in academia is that at all times your studies must come first, you need to focus on this. And there's validity to that because to get all you possibly can and your repair to go in our higher academia, do you need to be sharp as a tack? Otherwise, you're going to fail. But yeah, I did start competing when I was doing my PhD, and it wasn't underground, it never had no one knew about it. I remember even like, trying to, though, it was warm at the time trying to work out a long pants and baggy shirt, so there was some, would see that I was starting to get leaner than I normally would have been. And all the training happened, you know, I get up and train three o'clock in the morning than you do because that was always my time. So yeah, it was Hushash, we told nobody about it. And it's interesting because now, and this was, you know, this was back in the mid late 90s. Now, I mean, they're seeing publications where they've actually tracked bodybuilders. So during their prep, there's a few publications out there now, and there's a more of an interest. Had it been, for instance, the lab like, either the Tampa, and the University of Tampa, Jake Wilson has the lab down there, and they're all lifting, that's kind of part of the gig. Had it been in a program like that. It would have been great. They probably would have done a case study at it. They would have, you know, there's much information as possible. But those weren't the direct research interests where I was. So yeah, it was a, it was a covert operation. Did you have to like, I'm going to take a sick day because this diode germs, not scrubbing off? Oh, I'm trying to think, I don't remember. No, no, that wasn't that big of a deal. You know, you just were closed to kind of covered it up. I think I was able to watch my face off it. This was a long time ago. I do remember, and of course, I wasn't training, you know, I didn't have a really choice. I didn't train into the regular days because it was, you know, it was a 15 hour day. So there were some periods where, you know, we have to be in the lab for, together, together, things for research that day. It was at six. So I kind of 24 hour gym membership and I trained at three, which was kind of nice. The one else is in there. I just had to get it done. But yeah, didn't, didn't have to do that. I think I might have had to, you know, scrambling right from a class like, yet, to where I could put color on the night before. Yeah. Kind of thing. But, you know, there was no like newsletter that said, hey, congratulations to Scott Stevenson and Peter. Another fellow student did to the Shrine of Bees well. So we were, you know, we were kind of our own. That was a system for that. A lot of the top researchers there, they're not in shape. They know how they should eat and how to tell people to train. But they, they're not able to do it themselves or they did not make a possible over and do it themselves. That obviously must give you an advantage now that you're through the program. You can speak with some experience and probably people are going to, there's something to, you know, what you say because they can see that you've done it. I think working with people, first impressions are very important. I will say that as a scientist, I haven't seen the study to show them most the top pieces are not in shape. So I don't know that's the game. But I think there can be some truth that as you kind of alluded to before, there's the focus and exercise physiology, especially decades ago, was so much, you know, a cardiovascular danger. There were very, very few people that were doing resistant exercise related things that a lot of those, you know, that is an issue of job value. You can have someone who's got a decent cardiovascular power, decent VO2 match. And it wouldn't necessarily show up as if that kind of looks like he's ready to run a triathlon today. We'll actually a lot of university Georgia friends, a lot of the professors who was a group of fear for them. And they went out and ran midday. They jobbed they like a three or four mile loop that they did throughout Athens. And they stayed pretty good shape. And it was kind of cool to see that, you know, but there is this disease and training for bodybuilders show was kind of a different animal. So as far as talking with people, you know, day to day basis, we'll be seeing just any big guy in the gym, they're going to walk up to or any guy who looks like he's got something in the physics physique that they're looking for. They're going to talk to you. They might not expect long words. They don't understand to come out of the person's mouth, but that can be, that's attractive to people as well. So for the average client, average person I work with online and I have a compete as along. That's why we come to me. A lot of times people, of course, they want the scientific background as well. Because there's a lot of, there's a good deal of road science, put around out there. Yeah. So it's a good time while you're right. Yeah, do you think that, geez, I don't even know exactly what time it was that the sub-World kind of got a little bit more scientific, probably around the time EAS and Criter's lab with the creatinine studies. Yeah. Before that, the first instance of that that I know of is, this we're an nutrition they were, I don't know if you remember the antabolic mega packs that day. Yeah. There was a lawsuit because the word antabolic. And as far as, this is what Peter Limeon told me. There are vitamins. Basically, this is what we have this again. The same amino acids. Part of the settlement, the class action suit was that they had to do a certain amount of research. So they went to the state, got to hold a Peter Limeon and that kind of brought the body building world into a little bit more research based on EAS and other companies. Do you think that you see a little bit of that kind of making body building a little more acceptable in the research world? Yeah. I mean, there's, of course, there's going to be conflict of interest when you bring in an external company like that. And I'm not going to, you hear whispers, of course, about some research being somewhat slanted or biased and they're really being a conflict of interest in terms of what comes out. And that's always going to be a criticism. I might, I could, I've got studies popping up by mine. I'm not going to mention it specifically because I want to be politically correct here. That's always a criticism that you see when the company, even if they just gave you a supplement for my thesis work, this was kind of ironic. We, I was using creatiners when the supplements. And for that reason, I wanted to make sure I had a period of, you might have a single which is a research company. And we were all seeing it as a product of the last investigation, we were like application for, just sent all that to the FDA. They never problem with that particular drug, but they didn't like those using pure creatiners from sign language, or something else that was okay, and I'll ask you to have some back with them. It was all right. But I think what you're saying there is something to that, it's nice to see that a lot of labs are popping up, and they're doing bodybuilding science as well. But at the same time, when that research starts coming into the industry, it also kind of opens up the window for all the kind of fake science, just some bar plots, and you know, claims a thousand percent increases into stock strong, these sorts of things. And unfortunately, the average consumer really has no had interpret in the science. They have those graphs look great, it's a selling point, and that now is a more important selling point. And it's a way for the manufacturing to solve things that was just really fabricated results, performed at their testing facility someplace, the mayor may not even exist. So, and even if you give the references, very few people who look those up, those references as you probably know many times are completely unrelated, they're done in mice, you know, they're transgenic mutants, and they're trying to apply this to growing human, probably not going to be too happy. One of the techniques that I know set one companies were doing in the past was they would fund a large study, we're going to give you 30,000 dollars, it'll be this particular first and doctoral dissertation, so he's counting on that. Here's the 15 grand, he'll get you started, and then six weeks in, it'll be like, can you get us an update on the results? If the results for their product do not look favorable, they say we're going to have to cancel the study, sorry about this, and then they don't have any negative results. So, they see what lab number two, what the results are there, they can send you to fund that, that's something you hear. I've heard a couple stories like that, that's, that's of course the reason, you get someone stuck like that, and you have individuals that they're either going to look at adding another cheers of their life, and would maybe feel like an indentured servitude during the time do it, I'm degrees, or they find a way to figure something out. There was some work that I did, wasn't a supplement company, but they made health related products, and we did the work for them, they provided money for the lab, and that's phenomenal, because it allows them to do more work, and this was, in this case, it was an actual idea, some of the things that ended up being published, but the study itself was not of a quality that we felt was publishable, so we said if you'd like to publish this, and leave our names off there, this was my advisor since past on, you know, that's because your data, we created the data for you, we tell you how you do it, we'll help you know, all that regards, but you guys are, you guys can try to publish that yourself, but we're, we're not our gig, so we're able to do that, and then, of course, he was smart enough to know what you're talking about, you know, we need to get, we're going to get paid for our efforts, and there's no pulling out and kind of leaving us in the search, so that was a nice, and there still, there's still a good relationship with that company, after the fact, but that's kind of, there can be purposes served by the company, they can have that data, and that can be what supports their application of the FDA. There is a study that a internal study that was done with the FDA, you could find this publication, I have it on my computer, published in 2012, and they randomly sampled like about 70 products, and those products are supposed to have some substantiation work, and there's a set of criteria, the FDA set up, set up that it would be human study, because there's human supplements, and that obviously would be a placebo-controlled study, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, and when they looked through each of these random like selected products, none of them met the criteria, some had gone through and been improved without any research, many of them had gone through and improved with animal research that wasn't really directly applicable, none of those companies were actually doing what the FDA had set forth as their criteria for putting a claim on a label. And so it's really easy, I mean, some companies are going beyond the call of duty if they really want to get something through, they're just kind of covering their butt, to have some data, if the FDA comes back and said, look, we have these data, that's going to be probably plenty for them, they don't even need a published research study, but the published research study of course is a penultimate selling point, they can say they can name the university or it was done, I think that old and this people look, oh my gosh, that's it, I know that's good, that's not a big good, must be, that's necessarily has to be. Where do you see things going, do you think things are going in a positive direction as far as research for that applies to the meat head crowd? Oh, yeah, there's a lot of universities doing some real high quality stuff, I think. This is, I mean, I don't want to make it sound like I think I'm just something extraordinary special, but one of the things that I'm trying to do, one of my kind of purposes, is to be the bridge between the research that just people can understand. And then the LAPA, the bodybuilders, the gymrass, the guys are trying to figure out what to take, what to take, etc, etc. Because I learned my craftsmanship as well as I could, and well enough to be able to look at studies and, you know, those are very serious and good enough, grass-placed, I think, where I can understand that stuff, and criticize it, and then break that down for your average joe so we can understand what's going on. So I think the main thing in terms of the research being something that's going to benefit the people, which is kind of the idea, it's not just to be supposed to be published and put the shelves or, you know, left on a computer database somewhere, it should be something that you should be applicable to. Medicine, of course, gets a first call above, you know, people trying to build big muscles, you know, gym, you know, or don't have, you know, they're not old or they don't have some sort of muscular distribution or what I have you. But I think education of the people and just learning to become critical evaluators of the research. And, I mean, it can be as simple as simply learning how to use medline or just Google dollars, great. You can just type in the title of a study that you see, or type in the offers, a little copy of the information. He missed it, and abbreviated to ask her, abbreviated reference, into Google Scholar, which is scholar.google.com, I believe. And it'll find a study, you can read the abstract, it makes sense, at least you can get a first glance and see, okay, well, I'm going to think twice about this because this was done in mice, and this was my done in men, and there's going to be substantial differences. Now, it's really impressive. It's like, okay, that's kind of cool. We've been talking about with the pair of work I've recovery supplementation. Highly branch sighted, the dexterence are carbohydrate, and a lot of people are finding really reduces gastric bloat. It's easily a digestible. Well, earlier on, some of the only research there was when they fed that to mice that were swimming, speaking of, I mean, I clicked that in my head, well, people were going to take that when they're weight training, you're not swimming, and they're not mice. Yeah. There's an uragogenic with that particular carbohydrate and swimming mice, and I'm not sure about mice, but rats don't even really swim, so I'm just dive-bom. And it's not like there's swimming as some pace, and like that, it's just how long do they keep swimming before they stop swimming? Yeah. So, the exercise test has issues, the species has issues, the type of exercise, they're all different than what they might be applied for. So that kind of thing, you can get that from an astrat. You can figure that out, an average person would be, you know, in below average intelligence can say, okay, I'm out of mouse, I'm not trying to swim. That's the first step in just taking the initiative to come in form consumer, and just being just relatively critical, not that you want to be, you know, care people up and be overly critical, but just pay as a vacancy sense. Okay, so that's, that's, I think it's most important. Very good.