ParkWats, leadFDS.com and I'm here on the campus of Urbanity University and this is part of our Sports Performance Coach Education Series. Now we're going to talk about becoming a mentoring to young coaches. I've been fortunate enough to have interns at several different universities and organizations from a number of different schools, from different backgrounds, and was able to learn the hard way about that process and really what it takes to develop young interns. I'll be honest, I probably went about it the wrong way and part of it was because I didn't have the right objectives in mind when incorporating either an internship at a college program, or so on. I think that there's a couple of things to think about. What this presentation will not be is about really the art of coaching and coaching, coaches on how to coach. I think that's a separate entity in itself and really something that takes a lot more time and really there's so many different factors with that. The other thing will won't be, it won't be specifically on how to start an internship program, adding university. Again, that's another separate presentation that I think and again, was able to have a little bit of success by learning things the hard way. To go through the objective today, again, to make sure that we can get you a very comprehensive plan that will fit your situation, whether you're at the college university, high school or private setting. Hopefully you have some skills that take back with you with that. The biggest mistake that I made when I was in corporate an internship or some kind of mentorship was doing it for the long reasons. I started out by trying to get as many coaches as I can to help our teams. It was a big mistake for me because what I was doing is I was bringing some young coaches that didn't have an experience and put them in a situation where they were not going to be successful. They weren't looked at by the university or the sport coach as an expert in their field and it looked like I was ponding off some teams of them. Really what I realized was that when you have an internship program, it's going to take a lot more work than if you did not, obviously. But even if you have extra help coaching specific teams, you're spending a lot more time because now you're not only coaching the teams that you're working with directly, but you're also coaching the coach with those teams and acting as a mediator between those. So for every unpaid assistant that you have in the internship program, you're going to have to devote a lot more time for each one of those. So all of a sudden now you're getting assistance helping with the mentoring of those young coaches. So it's a good situation and it'll help you as a coach and it'll help your assistance as they are mentoring those interns. But at the same time, make no mistake about it. It'll be more time invested for you. It will benefit the student athletes that you're working with. Absolutely, if you do it the correct way and that really has to be the goal. It has to be in a situation where it's going to benefit the student you're working with. And it's going to benefit those young coaches that you're there to mentor, making sure that they leave that internship, that volunteer period, as a better coach than they were when they arrived, when they stepped in the door. And that's your responsibility of the coach to make sure that you can ensure that. So again, this is a sample of a 15-week program. This is a pretty much what was in average semester. Most of the schools I've been at. Most of these, for me, the longer the internship, the better I think with the CSCCA, we require 640 hours for their internship program. And however you divide it up, the one thing that I think is important is the longer they go. I don't know if you really need to have interns there for 12 hours a day, although they should be used to the grind. Some of my learners from Tim Conto, they got to be able to show up and again show up very early and leave very late and understand that that's what they really wanted to do. But also, I think the date you should, that if that internship can be elongated over a semester, so now all of a sudden they're going to expose the multiple teams of different seasons. And they're able to interact with coaches in different avenues, offices and versences. And I think it's important for them. This was the sample that we end up doing. And really, it was these five stages where something I talk with Derek Fry about a while ago. And I think that it helped us, and again, you can change these things up. Maybe this is not important to you. But for me, I thought there was a better for us to form you than plan to help those those young interns. So, and again, you know, acclimating to the setting, you know, there's a very, you know, there's a kind of a Yen and Yang when it comes to learning the system that the head coach wants with developing your own philosophy as an intern. And I think, but the first has to be that has to acclimate to the system. So, this is, and again, we'll talk a little bit detail more detail about all these. And again, these week designations may or may not fit for you what you want. You may be able to do that one day. I don't know. That's up to you to decide. But again, acquiring knowledge is huge because again, we talked about this numerous times. It's not really that you need young coaches to be able to access information. They can access all the information they want, what they need is a filter. They need to be able to see what is going to be applicable for them and where the information is coming from. And again, generating questions. Again, knowing like Dave Tate always says knowing what you don't know and being able to say, okay, this is what I need. And again, just by coming up with the question that can help you as a coach is really a one-step further to be in it to be in a better coach. So, just knowing what questions that you need to ask of yourself. And again, the other one would be, you know, four million opinions start to have, okay, this is where I stand my ground on and really having the reasons why and then developing a philosophy would be lasting. And really that, you know, that's something that comes up in every interview and it's something that's ongoing. You know, it's going to be different every single year for a lot of coaches and even to best coaches, you know, can say that. So let's talk about acclimating to a system and really we're talking about, you know, making sure as a coach that you are setting the expectations and sending a standard. And make sure that that has done early is there a certain way you want them to dress. Obviously, you know, being on time would be one thing. Is there a certain way that you want them to address each other? You know, I talked to Dr. Brian Thompson about, you know, making sure that his internships always referred to each other as coach. And that would that would really set the tone. Now when I was a strength coach at Army, our our cadets would refer to me as Mark. And that was fine. That's what Scott wanted. He was a head guy. That's what we wanted. And again, really when it came down to it, it was only a couple months after that that those young men will be defended my freedom. So really that depends on your situation that you're in. You know, the schedules, you know, making sure that you're providing or requiring a schedule of that young person that they can manage. That they're not going to flake because again, it's not going to help anybody. If you're investing in the time in that young person and they're investing in time in your program or your facility. For them to just leave after a certain amount of time because they can't uphold that schedule not fair. So make sure you understand again what's their course on life, what's their other jobs like. And really what their intention is. Terminology, that's a huge one. Making sure if you have certain cues that you're using. Make sure they understand those. And again, that should be set. Very, you know, at the beginning, that should be some kind of an orientation period provided for those interns. And I think anytime you can get within before the students come in, the more time you can spend with them, almost like a preseason camp, the better prepared they're going to be. And then lastly, again, making sure they understand a sport coach. If you're coaching, you know, 23 teams, 35 teams, depending on the school, you know, you're going to have 23 different cultures. So it's important that those interns understand that culture. What is acceptable in terms of a weight remanagement perspective and form a disobey perspective? And what is the right method and the right way to go about things. And really getting to know those teams and the culture that that team because it's going to be different for everywhere you go. So, and again, we'll talk about just basically that phase two. And that's really the education to get that, you know, acquiring knowledge. So this is really kind of based on you. Now this is something we use when I was at a small liberal arts school that didn't have an exercise science program. So most of our interns that were in-house were, you know, pre-med majors to, you know, somewhere, you know, somewhere and even in that that field. They might have been just, you know, econ majors that wanted to get to experience. And this love doing it, we were thankfully created a culture that people wanted to be an intern with us. But we had some outside students that came in that did have a better base with scientific knowledge. So I would keep it as simple as possible. I think that you have to bend on some prerequisites. And I know that there's, you know, the biggest divide is not necessarily the scientific foundations. That's not an issue with our recent college graduates and our future college graduates with exercise science physiology programs. That's not the issue. The issue is how to apply that. A lot of them don't have the experience to apply this stuff. So a judge job is the intern trip coordinator to facilitate that. And really, so that when they do graduate, they do know the basics. They do know how to get to a stand, say, do know how to run a vertex or to do some electronic time or they understand RPEs of that's part of your philosophy. And how to implement that in an actual team environment. So that's really the thing. I would say that you would just split those up, those, those, those, it's always good to review. And it's always good, even if you're going over some of these foundations, to bring it back to the situation you're in now. Right? When you're talking about the rural world, what they're dealing with, with the current teams, and be able to really see how what applies, what doesn't, what they could do better to apply in the future. So that's really the thing. And again, going through some of these, you know, it really is. You know, we always start with the safety type things. How to spot. Don't assume people know how to spot. It's one of those things. Have a specific way you spot a dumbbell exercise to a, you know, to a squat exercise, to a, to a press, to a bench, whatever. And if there are certain exercises that should not be spotted, specifically Olympic lifts overhead, presses, dead lifts, you know, unless you're one of those stand behind to be getting a picture of guys. I don't know. But, you know, no, to make it sure, don't assume they know anything. And I think that's important. Matter what their background is. They might know they could probably, you know, talk about the crebs cycle like that, but then they don't really don't know how to stand, you know, in front of a bar if they're doing a do Olympic lift. So, don't assume that. And it going over those, those different things, just to go back, those scientific foundations. Again, those, those were just said would would be basic. And then really, the exercise technique should be of a huge component of your, of your program. I don't know it's an equal fifth, like this graph is saying. I don't think it is. That's going to be what you decide. That might depend on the specific person that's in the internship program. It might be individualized. You might be able to set up someone with the exercise science degree from an outside university. Someone's been in your program. That's been doing your exercises for four years. Maybe match them up so that they're able to feed off of each other and really kind of see how things apply back and forth. Program design, that is the, that is the, the one, the one thing that probably I didn't do a very good job of because the situation I was in logistically did not allow me to allow my assistance to programs specific sports. So, what I was able to do is there's a couple of things, I'll talk about that in a minute when we talk about assignments, but giving them some mock programs, giving them, allowing them some input with the programs, and really empowering them to, to really the non, recordable, you know, the, the, the pre-hab, the movement prep, the additional circuits, a high-purchasing work, the things that, that you don't really need to, to really have the data on, giving them the power and making sure you're approving that and going through. So, that's what went way to kind of indoctrinate them into the program design process, and also coaching methods, you know, how to coach. And again, we have, we had a four-step system that we're not going to have time to go over today, but really when you're talking about, you look at everything from, you know, before the set, between the reps and so on, as far as what you should be doing, how you should be coaching, where you should be standing when you're coaching, and now you can address that when you're doing those exercise clinics. So, that's, that's important. So again, you have phase three, and that's basically generating the questions. You know, we'll question that we want to know, I think you have to get them out there and expose. Be careful, because there's a lot of information that really is not going to apply, and again, you have to have that filter. Looking at certain articles on certain websites, you know, may not give them the best idea. You know, look at if you're, if it's not a research oriented academic article, just make sure that they understand the source. You know, it goes back to the, you know, who is a person that is disseminating this information, and to take away the grain of salt, make sure that they are able to take everything in, and still we ought to ask more questions about it. So when they're generating these questions, again, you know, what are the resources? We're, where does there go to? You know, why is this important? That is probably the most important part of it. Is that that information? How is it going to apply, you know, to your athletes, and when does it apply? So again, generating those questions is important, and that's really encouraged in the think outside the box. The principles, and again, this is, you know, that's the old saying, you know, methods are many, principles are few, you know, methods always change, and principles never do. I don't know, I would say that, I would just might boil or somebody, but it is really true. And really, you know, some of those basic principles they have to know, and again, I think that, you know, if you look at just, you know, the press of overload and the said principle, and some of those basic, you know, concepts that have been, you know, throughout the, throughout training have been present. I think just to understand those, those basics are important, and again, then they can decide what methods they want to really look at. But again, this is, this is really what they're talking about. I think it's a fine line between, figuring out what is, what is applicable to them, but at the same time, what do they need to work on? So that's the kind of that, that, that, that relationship between. Here's what I want to find out. Here's what I need to know. Here's what I need to work on, but this is what I believe and this is what I'm strong about, and I think it goes back to the old, you know, saying, if you can say, why, this is what I believe and this is why, I think they're on a start to really at least start to develop their own philosophy, using what you've taught them, using what they, you know, with what they've learned in the past. So, and then, you know, the last part is, you know, when you're talking about that is really getting to the point where they understand, you know, and again, where they stand and if now right now at the end of this, right, they're kind of deciphering the principles to where they're going to implement their training or how they're going to implement their training and then the last part is, again, now if you're at your strength coach, what is, how are you going to approach this situation? Right, now that you have all this information, how are you going to approach this information? Can you do that in 15 weeks? I don't know, but I think as a mentor and as an internship coordinator, you should start at that process for that. So, again, going through, and again, this is one thing that we did with the internship development as an overall perspective. And again, you know, it's at basically that fine line between being able to coach athletes from day one and even if that's just coaching them on the warm-up, coaching them on how to form them, whatever it may be, and learning. What is, you know, as much as much information as it can, it's got to be that two-way street. They have to, they have to benefit the university or the facility and the facility and the university has to benefit them in their development process. The other two things that are really important is a networking part. I think as a mentor and as a coordinator of their internship or practicum, you have to facilitate that. You have to give them the opportunities to do that. So, whether it's bringing in outside coaches to speak to them, whether it's, you know, getting, I brought nine interns to a conference. We all spent staying the same hotel room. It was awful, but it was one of those situations where they might not had that opportunity, if not, if I wouldn't have been able to secure a university then to go there, bringing outside people into a value-weight then to a value-weight. Your program is always a benefit, but I think that's important. You have to, you have to be able to facilitate that. And this is something that I've talked to J.L. Holdsworth about and I really got a very good perspective from Ross Bowser about, you know, making your interns compete in something and it doesn't matter what it is. It doesn't matter if it's powerlifting, Olympic lifting, strongman, crossfit, bodybuilding, figure, whatever. But to be able to set a goal and physically understand how that process works, I think is important. And even if they don't want to, even if they don't, you're not in a situation where they can compete, make them train with you, make them train for something, even if they're not going to compete. Because again, that is also important too. I wish I would have had more force my interns to train with me more, not because that I my training system was better, but I guarantee I would have probably got to know them a lot better by getting under the bar with them. So that's something to really have it. You know, having a, having a certain day where everybody trains together, regardless of their endeavors, that's, you know, go back to the old school, you know, everybody has a different discipline, but you know what, on this day we're all going to squat the other. And it doesn't matter what your rep range is or what your intensity is, but we're all going to squat together. So that's just something really thing about it and help bring that bonding in. So the song is an evaluation. See, again, these are just examples we use because it was right for our situation. It might not be right for yours. That's what you have to decide. But we wanted to keep a basic. We didn't, with our program, we didn't have a prerequisite within the university. We didn't have a, you know, it was, by the time we started this internship program, the lecture class was, was, was said gone. So this was one of those things we tried to incorporate some of that lecture within the system. So we talked about, again, some team teaching. I'm a big, again, an elementary education background. I'm a big team teaching, you know, retention is really important. You know, when you're able to teach a subject and you're able to do some of those team teaching, make your students get in front of the class, the teacher, certain scientific content, what concept worked together, create a PowerPoint, create the visuals. I think that's important. Going through it again with exercise technique, for presentation, that is huge. That is important to get them up there and really to be able to, and this goes to our level systems. We'll talk about in a minute, but to be able to in, to, to get in front of a group and talk about a specific exercise like I've heard it before. Joe Kennan said it, you have to be a great beginner coach and you know, that's something that really is stuck with me and it's got a stick with it with your, they have to be able to, everybody leaves your program should be able to be able to teach a basic squat progression, a basic, you know, basic pull from the floor, a basic press, whatever it may be, they should be able to teach those basics with, with it by the time they leave your internship. That's, that's a given, they have to be able to do it. If not, I don't know if it's the university, some of it's on them for not actually doing an internship because I don't know an internship in this country that you would go through the whole thing and not learn that. So just make sure that again, look at the objectives that you want and make sure you're able to evaluate what they've been able to do. You know, the CSCCA, when you get, when you get certified after that 640 hour internship and after a written test, you have to stand in front of, I had a round table, but I think they do it different now with a panel. But here we go, you have three minutes, teach me, here's a dowel on, teach me how to do a squat and I think you still have to be able to, to do those different things and be able to defend your program and whatnot. So, and I go to the next thing, you know, resource review, just, just that's something that, you know, again, just get them out there, use to, you know, just getting, they didn't have it, getting that information in, I think, is important. And this goes along with the same thing, a program design. I like to do it, why I pick the program, they, they basically draw it on a hat, they pick the sport, they pick the season, and then they have to come up with a one-week program. So, I stole from the C, C, C, C, C, C, A, as well. And again, it really just, you can get an idea and really with that programming, the most important thing when you're evaluating that, and I would break some kind of a matrix or a rubric so you can say, okay, they've, they've fulfilled this criteria, and this is, this is my issues with it. I would just make sure that they can say, why? Right? You did this before this, why? And as silly as it is, that's really important for, for for interns, for your own coaches could do because the problem is, in the white board generation that we're having with coaching right now, people are just, again, I'm going to do this, this looks good, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do this. You know, it's just like when you go, get your oil change, right? I go to get my oil change, I say, listen, I just need my oil change. Now, if he comes back, that technician comes back and says, listen, I'm not going to change oil. I'm going to teach you why it's important to have your oil changed, right? And I'm going to teach you how to change your oil, oil, so you don't have to do it. I'm like, no, just, I don't care, just change my oil. And I think that's the same thing we've got into a lot of athletes and coaches that they're looking at different things and saying, okay, just give me the program, we'll put this in and see how it works. And I think the, you know, asking why is really important. So anyway, I didn't go off on a tangent. The last thing is, again, the Cassie evaluations, we did this and I'll go into detail with this because again, these are the three things that we thought were most important. And I'll tell you why we picked these three, and then the level classes, this level system classification, we would do a both a peer classification or peer review. And we also do, I would also, you know, do a do an actual evaluation, plus a self evaluation, saying three different modalities really to kind of bring that, you know, profile together. And it's amazing where they thought they were, to where I thought they were, when that level system. Let me talk a little bit about that. So Cassie evaluations, this is something, again, people are saying, well, what's the most important components of a coach? What is the most important characteristic? You have to have a coach and people always talk about work ethic and loyalty and the ability to work with others, the ability to build a report, and all those different things. And I think that, you know, some of those basic things, if you don't have that, if you don't have the basic ability to build a report and you're not dependable and you have a good work ethic, they should be in your program anyway. They should be fired. Right? So again, if you say, okay, well, they have loyalty and, you know, they, you guys, we have to trust them. Well, if you can't trust them, and they're a loyal two, don't keep them around. Get rid of them. And again, I will talk about the best thing I've ever done was to let a volunteer in turn go because it just made everything easier. Because again, I had nothing loose. I had just somebody was, I've less, I have more time to spend with the other interns. But now that person couldn't even put me on a resume, they couldn't even put me on a, as a reference. They couldn't, you know, and again, it was just, they're the ones that have a lot to lose. And don't let anyone sabotage your program because you want to feel bad for their time. And again, make sure that's why the expectations are important. We came up with these three because again, this is what I thought were the skills that we can really see a change in how those interns perform day one to day last when they finished up. So again, knowledge, initiative and communication. Right? So again, the knowledge base and that's something you have to be creative on how you assess that, the initiative. That's the people that, again, you always want to have, especially in terms of young employees. You always have to have someone you have to pull back in than someone you have to move along. Because again, in the long run, you might have to, they might make a mistake, right? But at the same time, at least you never have to, you never have to stress the importance of it. And you never have to, you know that they're going to have the passion. Now, last thing is communication. Listen, if you can't communicate, you're not going to make it in this business. So that's the one thing out of all these things. And knowledge base isn't really the thing that that, that we did people out, the initiative, you know, it took me, asking one or two times. And then I just thought, asking them. And then they were, that, that's just, that just took care of itself. But the communication thing was really something that, you know, again, they found out that it's a different, different ballgame to go one on one with an half, they go on through a problem as opposed to a, getting in front of a big group and having them execute a drill or an exercise. So, so that was something that we would do. The other thing we did with the Cassi evaluations, they would set themselves. I would assess something, they would assess each other. I am a big person as opposed to when it's a terms of assessments of ranking. All right? I like to rank and also like to have standards. So the ranking, though, with the interns was great because, again, who's the better, if you, if you are trained, you want someone to train your team, would intern you one. And very, really would be able for themselves. But it's interesting to see how they were ranked some people. Now, we kept that private, but it was still a very good tool for us to realize and to see that. So, that was really important. And again, we'll talk about these levels here. With this, now we have the level system. I'll probably just go over the knowledge base and this is really just for exercise technique. But you can expand this. Dr. Ryan Thompson has a very expansive version of this. I really like that I'll probably obviously steal from him at some point. But really, it's, you know, to me, I'll do an example, I'll give you the exercise technique example. This is really good. So this fits for any situation. But we had a level zero, which I cannot explain or demonstrate an exercise, right? Level one means I can explain how to do an exercise and I can demonstrate it, right? And again, that's level one. That's the basic. That's okay. Show me how to squat, right? Boom. And they should be able to do it. That most interns should be able, they need to be that point. Probably by about a week, right? And if they're not a level one intern by a week, then you have to evaluate, is this really the best thing for the program and for you as an intern? The next level is, you know, can the intern, can he identify technique discrepancies? Right? And that's it. Right? Is he, can he look at someone performing Olympic Olympics? That's all right. Right? Can he look at somebody, spinning and say, I don't know about that. Can he look at a squat and say, coach, is that? I don't think they're low enough. Right? That's that's a step all itself because again, now all of a sudden, I'm taking myself out of being able to feel that movement and being able to identify those discrepancies on myself and be able to see that from different athletes, of different body parts, body types and whatnot. So I think it's important. That's the next step. And in step three, is this is a step that everybody needs to get to before they leave your program. And again, did I feel some athletes by not getting them there? Maybe, it's one of those things that is a lot on the athletes and athletes you want to get there. But in this comes from a lot of communication within the training sessions. You have to be able to do that. You have to be able to coach, you have to be able to coach the same time. But really, level three is can I formulate a strategy to fix that problem, whether it's an acute or an accumulative strategy. So again, it could be that they're not getting parallel. Can we turn our feet out and help that situation? Can we or do we need to implement some, hit mobility exercises with some posterior chain, exercise to accommodate for that interior public till if that is the problem. So identifying that problem and being able to formulate a strategy is at level three. So that's where it gets to from transition from two to three. Most of your athletes are going to be in between there. They might not know the answer, okay, this is wrong. I think we should do this in this and you have to allow them to get to that point. And you can do the same thing with taking initiative in communication skills too. So the one thing about when you have people volunteering for you, the one thing that you're going to be tough for you to do is to give them the grunt work. They have to be able to, yes, they have to be, you know, I spend a lot of time mopping platforms and scrubbing out, you know, supplement containers. One of my jobs at Tulsa was I took a five gallon gatorade container and filled it up with with, you know, with weight gainer. You know, those, those the NCAA legal and really took a paint mix or mix it up and I, with that was in charge of that. I had to clean that out and fill it back up and everything that was part of it. But I also was empowered by Coach Griswalt to coach and the way he treated me in front of the players. I think it's the most important thing. And I think that's one thing that that really is is important for all coaches. How you are treated? How you treat your interns in front of the players? How you treat your insistence in front of the players will do more for their perception of that intern or that assistant than anything else you do regardless of the relationship they have with those athletes. If you treat those, if you treat those guys with respect, but you're also demanding and you also give the indication that if they're not doing up the standards is because it's not what's best for the program and people will see that. So I think that's really important. So this is some from Patrick Lynch, Yoni and again the three signs of a miserable job and not just for your own job but think about put yourself in the interns or the volunteer situation, right? In an admitted, do people know who they are? And it might be just something, I don't know if you have a staff list, I don't know if you have somebody or maybe it's just introducing to the sport coach. Like I've had sport coaches at, you know, look at an intern, I'm like, well yes, coach, this, he's been working with your athletes for the last 10 weeks now. So, you know, and again, a lot of times that goes a long way to make sure that people know who they are. The other one is you know, irrelevant. You know, and that goes back to, you know, do they know that what they're doing is important? Do they feel that they're making an impact? And again, I always talk about when you come into the weight room, you should be able to learn something, you should be able to teach something. And I know that they took pride in the second one a little bit more, right? I learned this, but I was able to get this athlete to do this because I told him this. And I think that's really important. If you can make sure they get challenged them to get that challenge them to make sure they leave the weight room with that information. And then lastly is a measurement. Do they know if they're doing a good job or not? And I think that's important. It doesn't matter if it's just at the end of a training session, just get them together. Hey, listen. And again, as always, that sandwich technique. This is what you did good. Hey, you need to work on that, but overall, great job. You know, let's, let's, let's move on to be better next time. And in power, them, this is a we thing. This is about us as a program. And this is, we are working together with these athletes. They get the best result. And give them the best experience possible. So, when they leave, they graduate. They can always look back at their experience as a student athlete saying that this was the best experience that I could have had. And everybody involved in sports performance was a part of that. So, that's really important for everyone to understand. So, and again, a couple of things that I like to do with with the interns is, you know, when we're setting up, to have that time where everybody can get together. Whether we just had Friday, Seminoz, we had to split it up. Sometimes we had the third, third, thirds days, which was like a once-a-month thing. We had special topics. We would bring in outside coaches during that time. We would bring in people from the community. It was really good to kind of interact. And it gets you a chance to get up there and coach it up the coach. And it gets you a chance to really get up there. And now you're coaching at a higher level, because you're not just talking about, you know, ration out with your athletes. You get them to work harder. You're doing ration out with the coaches to get them understand why you're doing things in a first place. And it really is, it's rewarding for a coach too. And you start to learn, you know, because you get a chance to really get up in front of them. So those are important. And again, really, you know, the professional development thing we talked about that and well, that's really important to get them to as many different clinics, conferences, and seminars as you can, because again, what they learn, you know, not just in the conference or in the clinics or during the presentations, but outside of that, being able to interact with coaches, because most of the people that are in that audience are the people that could be hiring them. And now I think that's really important to understand. So again, a couple of assignments that that I like to give our interns, it was really given them an opportunity to, you know, I like the five exercise drill, give me five exercise. You would do for every sport all season long, regardless. And again, it has to be specific. And it was interesting to see that because they were able to, they were able to really, you have to be able to tell why, you know, why am I going to do a boss squad as a producer of front squad as a positive basketball squad? And I think that's really you start to get, and they start to, as a, and it's a funny how that really evolves. And the other thing too was, you know, always make sure they understand the athletes are working with. I love to do this every time I have a new intern from another university and say, okay, look at this group's group training right now. Who's the best player in here? A lot of times, you know, very rarely did what they guess. Sometimes they would sometimes they wouldn't, because you know, your best lifters, not not be your best players. But it's important to get to know the more you're at, your interns can know your athletes a better experience they're going to have because they're going to have an impact and have an impact. They're going to leave there with more passion to have an impact at the next university and go to. So a couple of things, these are expectations. I always would give anybody they even volunteer for me. And again, it's important. A couple of things is, you know, making sure that they're working better, you know, to work as a better coach every time. And again, making sure that they're working well with other interns. That's going to be important. Nothing can really sabotage your training culture like two volunteers that, you know, people are if you're about, you know, fighting amongst themselves. So I think that's really important that you facilitate a culture that really is collaborative, but at the same time is competitive. And I think that sometimes that's tough to do, but it really is, it's going to be a start with you as a head coach. So lastly, you know, just if you have any questions, and again, please feel free to hit us up at aluteths.com. And again, be a litifts, a catagore, a backslash, catagores, backslash, education, and to get a hold of any of these webinars that are going up. And again, lastly, to leave you with this, just make sure that every time that you have an opportunity to mentor a young coach that you can say at the end of the day that they leave your program a better coach than anywhere because of if you can't and still, you know, it's not just a knowledge you're installing them, but it's also that passion, it's all for that, that rationale. Give them the reason why. And if your reason why is strong, if the reason why you coach and you wake up every day to help those student athletes, then their reason why is going to be strong as well. And it's going to be, it's on you a lot to make sure that again, when they're able to, they're prepared to go through that next level or that next, you know, path that they need to go to in their lives. So, and again, it's really on you and take accountability for that process. And if you don't have the time, you don't have the passion to teach. I would probably try to really fight and fund raising and get a paid assistant where that may be not as, not as prominent, but again, regardless, be better coaches than you were yesterday and ask what's important. So, again, hit us up a lead at the S.com. Thanks for your time.