Everybody at higher, everybody I'm partnering with, everybody I, I welcome to the gym, we're just trying to deliver the highest quality product possible. So that's it. I'm a bit Peterson, we're at, we know this performance of Bureau Beach for that. I want to play football, you know, like everybody does. And then at the time, Joe DeFranco was used to man, you know, everybody. I started reading all the stuff, I was reading all the questions and answers, and I had an opportunity to go in and turn up there. You know, I spent, I spent a good, good amount of time out there, first one of the play football. That really just wanted to kind of work and open my own gym and try to have it. Right now we have three base, and we do mainly personal training, we do have a run a turf. I would like all 10 base. I really would like to offer everything, and I would like to have a specialist in each one. So I'd like to have a movement specialist to do assessments, I would like to have a strength specialist, power lifting strong man. I would like to have an athlete specialist. I'd like to have a specialist for different sports even. I'd like to have a high-escent product and Florida is great around, you know, the weather is great. It's very, very easy to get people to come out to state to come in higher. I have Matt Markarrow. He is my original, he's my first employee here. He has a, he's from Universal Delaware, but five years of football there. I got drafted by the Houston Texans. Also trained at the Franko's. He's always worked with great trainers. He's always wanted to be a trainer. When he was done, he was going to feel career. Some were times he worked on the Jacksonville with Donovan Darius and Donmar with a guy. Really great coaches though. He'd work with really great coaches that really focused on details. He's a very detailed oriented person. That's why I wanted them here. He's a movement specialist. He's an eye for detail. When we got full, what I was going to fill up, he said, hey, there's somebody similar to me. How does it that's the detail? That's Chris. So I have Chris Cook from University of Purdue. He played no stack of there. He was done playing football in the transformation loss. 130 pounds, I think. So he's about 220 now. He was about 350. He has a degree for Purdue. He's a certified all-much trainer. He's a certified. I'm a choir guy. Matt's choir guy. Chris has a ton of energy. He runs our groups. He runs our, he runs our, he's our fat loss specialist. He's been through it himself. You know, I cannot relate somebody. That's 350 pounds. I can try, but I can. And he works really, really well with people that have a hard time dealing with their weight. I have Jason Cortez. He's the pro fighter. He has two separate black belts. We're building out an MMA program for him. He also must train general population. He's also a certified. We're about to hire our intern Rachel. She has her degree in exercise science from Old Miss. She's a certified as well. We have a registered dietitian on staff as well. Trevor Cashi, SphD from Arizona State, Organic, Ken, my belief. Most pro-strong men I know. Most powerletters I know. A lot of high level prosecutors work with him. He handles all my members nutrition here. The easiest is our website, builtinvero.com. Very simple. It's going to make you register. Once you register, I'll call you. I'll be sitting down. We'll have Jason talk really about whatever you want to talk about.