Okay, we had a big bunch of questions about disk problems and from about, I don't know what is this, like six different people. Peter Rockbach asked how to train with a verniated disk. In this so, RORC asked how to train with and around disk reenations. Ali James Harrison asked about herniated disk rehab. What did they do to get back in the platform post-tourine and dishing his back? Steven Rice asked squatting for people with a compressed disk. And our final one here at Matt Fubare asked, any advice for healing a torn astray and hit flexure tendon? And how often should you get cortisone shots? So you've been experienced seeing the cortisone shots recently. Can you just kind of cover some of your experiences with disk problems and what you've done in any insights that might help these people out? I'm pretty face it, but I say I'm not a doctor, a care factor or a physical therapist, so I can only speak from my own personal opinions and my own personal rehab and how I went about doing the things that I've done in the past. The first thing I'll say is it was a hell of a lot easier to do when I was younger. In my 20s and even the early 30s, if I tore a muscle or if I strain something or it was easy to be able to come back. You just wrap it up and you keep going and you find ways to train around and ways to train through injuries. Not that that was the right thing to do. I wouldn't advise it, but it's what I did. During the years that I competed, I became very, very good at figuring out how to train around and through. Just about every injury you could possibly imagine from a torn muscles torn tendons. The only time I ever get anything fixed is if it just won't be moved. So if a muscle or a torn or a tendon was torn and I couldn't move, you know, my limb then I had a problem. Because if I can't move it, you know, you got to do something to be able to move it. You can't rehab it if you can't move it. So if you got an issue where you can't even move, then you should see a doctor. So then through the injuries that I did train through and around most of the time, if it was something that was, that I knew was more than just a muscle popping or a muscle tearing or a muscle pulling like a hamstring or a quad or something like that sort. If there was any question in my mind, I always did go to an orthopedic or a doctor because the first thing I always went through my mind with anything that I reported or tore was, is this muscle or is this tendon? I have to know that because that's going to determine how I'm going to go about this. If it's tendon, I'm going to be a hell of a lot slower on how I go about it because it takes longer for tendons to recover. And if it's also tendons, I've had them rupture and there's really only one solution to that and that's reattachment which is surgery. If it's a muscle string and a muscle pull, there's ways to work around that to be able to keep moving forward. So that would be the first thing is to determine exactly what the problem is. And I don't mean exactly what the problem is because you got a buddy of a buddy who says that he had the same symptoms and that's what he has or because your chiropractor tells you, you got a herniated disc but yet he's done zero, you know, X-rays are hemorrhaged to be able to know he just knows because it feels like that. Or he does some voodoo and all of a sudden you got a herniated disc or your back hurts and you think that you have a herniated disc. You have to have physical evidence to support what your injury is. That's another important thing especially if you're asking somebody for rehab advice. How did I go through a lot of the things? I trained around them and I trained through them and I made sure that everything that I did was under the eye of, you know, whatever doctor I was seeing at the time. They didn't always agree with what I was doing and was saying that what I was doing would probably create more damage and the future. But let me know what that. You got to find somebody good because if you find somebody good, they're going to know that you're going to do, no matter what they say you're still going to try it. Excuse me, if you can find somebody who understands that, they'll let you know what that top-line limitation the boundaries are. I can't tell you what they are because I don't know what your injuries are and I'm also not a doctor to be able to actually tell you what those are. But if you can find that person that can tell you those then you can play in that range to be able to still make it to the beat. One mistake that I think that I made over the years is I never pulled out of the meat for any reason whatsoever. It didn't matter if it was local, national or what I, if I got hurt, I was going. I would change that. Because there were some injuries that were bad that I should have just said, you know, I would just back it down and gear up for something later on. To me, once you hit that commitment for the meat, that's what you did. I would change that and I changed that when people ask me about it. Now, our sponsors ask, I always look at both options. You know, what is the real benefit here compared to what the negative consequences and does this meat really matter or can we just push it back six months? As far as the court is on, I really can't answer that very well because I've never had a court zone injection until last October. So I really don't know. I'm not the person to ask. I was never a big fan of it. And the only reason I've done them recently is because my issues are creating problems with my daily life. I can't walk without a limp and there's a constant pain. And I know I'm never going to compete again. The problem I had with Courson was, Courson isn't going to fix anything. It's not even really a treatment tool. It's more pain management and it can be used as diagnosis as well. I didn't want to mask anything if I was trained for a meat. I wouldn't even take pain pills or anything like that. Antime flamptory as I would. But I wouldn't take anything that was going to mask what I was feeling, trained for me. And I would rather have it hurt like hell and know that it hurts and wearing hurts and then have it dull and then work up and actually blow something out. Now it's different because I'm not competing for anything. So I will use pain pills or whatever I need to do to be able to progress through the therapy. But it's one thing to be able to use Courson and pain pills to do your physical therapy so then it is to use it to try to squat 900 pounds. It's completely different story. So I really am not experienced enough to know with that. I know that they cut me off. I had three over since September and they pretty much cut me off. So I guess you can't do more than three before they catch you off. But I would just, I'm never a big fan of that because if you're in this game and you're going to try to make it to the top, you're going to have to learn how to train with pain. You're going to have to learn how to deal with pain. So I really want to mask anything. Now if you're one of the older guys that's been around for 20, 30 years and you know you're no longer going to compete but every single day you're dealing with pain over and over and over and over. And it took me a long time to get to this point. Take the shot. It can help, you know, it might happen. But I've heard stories that I think really help when it can make a huge difference. So you don't need to live in a lot of people don't need to live in the pain that they need to live in, you know, for that reason. So that's the best I can give there is. You still need to see a doctor and find a good one. Okay. Good luck with you guys on your issues.