Everybody, Steve Colzcat here for Elite FTS. We are with Chris Jennings. First time meeting them today, he came out for the XPC Finals, which today is March 8. He lifted on March 7th, 2015. Didn't have the day you wanted. Before we get into that, let's step back, introduce people to you. You come from a football background. What came first, the lifting of the football? I started lifting heavy when I was probably 12. My dad just dropped me off with a gym. I just was surrounded by old school meatheads. So I'd lift the bench press to the dead of the squat. Couple of them lumberclips, not much. But I just started playing football at 14. I always was a plug or a nose guard. It carried over very well for me in a kind of a plug or slash meathead. I played football for when I was 14 until I was 30. 31 actually. I played at Granity City High School. Then I got a scholarship, played University with Wisconsin. I know I don't want to hear that around here. Ohio State. I played here all the time. I loved Ohio State. Went on ahead a week. We tried with the Cleveland Browns and it didn't really pan out. I was under size. 6-1, 3-0-5. For football, that's under size. Part of them, that's a great stature. You know, range of motion. Then I ended up playing arena football for eight years. Started like 105 games, had a great career. Love it. I think 2009, the league went. They folded because of the recession. Then I counted in, I know what to do. I was like, well, they got in on to five. What do I do? The only thing that really made sense was opening up a gym. It's where I trained high school athletes, college athletes, and kind of carry over the knowledge I got from college, professional football and whatnot, and helped them out in their careers. Tell us about the gym. What's it like? It's just, I just opened a new one. It's 20,000 square feet, 10,000 square feet bottom, 10,000 square feet top. There's about a half of football field in the back, lined up. We got on the top floor, 5,000 square feet, softball, baseball cage, yellows, wrestling nuts. It's just a true one-stop shop. I mean, it's something I based on being at pre-season out there. Scene for Stagians Place, down to Miami, I think it's places to buy on readows. Stuff I thought will work for me. I kind of put into one piece, and it really works nice. It's a great facility. I'm the only owner investor. It's just a good place for the Metro East. How many trainers do you have? Do they specialize in the gym? I'm actually, I'm kind of weird about how it's run, so I'm the only one. I just hired a staff member, Bailey Tracy. She's excellent. She, I've trained her for about five years. She's really good too. Two men, one man, one woman's show. When did power lifting become a part of that? I always lifted heavy. I mean, I, like I said, I'm always, I used to beg my football coaches. Hey, don't make me run. Let me lift heavy. I'm a nose again. I don't know what to get on. I'm always lifted heavy, but as far as competitively power lifting three or four years, I'm just, I always saw the lifting and gear in the big numbers. It was exciting to me. I've never lifted a raw meat. I trained more raw than gear because I don't have the cast at home to help coach my coaches with work and one of the kind of ways to get there. I've lifted in gear, like I said, three or four years. I was a real fortunate, Mark Schneider. He's in the area. He's one of my strength coaches. I played Columbus Destroyers. At least I didn't read in Team Rick or Spillman was a coach. He was our strength coach and he sent me a message that hey, lead FTS are looking for sponsored and athlete and I said, yeah, so I sent my stuff in and they contacted me. I was fortunate to get picked up. Is this the Mark Schneider that does some bodybuilding stuff and he's been out here these a good time? He saw the time, yeah. He was my strength coach and I still talk to him all the time. And I literally, since I played in Columbus, 2004, 2005, I followed lead FTS and it was been all the knowledge and the lifters and it was pretty awesome when I picked up. My wife's tired of hearing about it. Pretty good stuff. Well, you know, there's obviously we try to put a lot of information on the site so that people can learn the basics and programming and things like that. We were talking before this. The next step, the stuff that's hard to learn is dilin in the gear. I've actually since day one, this is how much I know about power lifting the gear. I bought a metal suit, deadlifting in about the second, I do like, hey, you know it's a squat suit, right? It says metal's front of my home crap. So I deadlifting a metal squat suit, which I love. A lot of people do that. Oh, it's great. It's great. It's great. My deadlift's on point so I pulled about 850 in Argentina and I know I had about 875 yesterday but stuff happens. And then the abrasion suit, love, for great. And the shirt I'm just got to learn. I got to play around with maybe a couple of the others and see what works. Yeah, you need some people helping set you to get some good handlers and we'll try to get some people. One of them that can help you with that. Yeah. Give us a little background on some of the meats you've done this far. Okay, I did. 2010 was my first big meat. It was Prague, GPC worlds. And then I took some time off after that. What did you have to do to qualify for that? There was a national's idea like a month before. I got a call off and I have some help at home, the travel and I want to go. I talked to David that I'd like to go overseas again in June of July or whenever and do another big meat. And then I took some time off, had some stuff going on with family and stuff and then my next big meat was XPC three years ago. Three meats ago. And I got second to Yargen Bosch. I told him like 26, 70 or something like that. And then last year I wanted at 27, 25. And I went over to Argentina and October and had a great training site. There was a lot of issues over there with the equipment and then have a good meat. Still I still want to still totally like 26, 70. But in the meat yesterday was my, was my, was my, was my, was my come out. Had an okay squat, five home PR and missed my 1130 that I needed. And then the shirt, like I said down in the shirt, I just, there's just too much, I just got to find a shirt that works. You know, that shirt just doesn't work for me. So we'll figure that out today and then transition to the next meat. Hopefully soon, June or July, the next one. And then I want to do worlds in September and Vegas. Okay. So those are my two next plan on meats. If not, if Dave says something little earlier, I'll go. Okay. A lot of people, there's a, there's a psychological component and with powerlifting being fairly new to you, that's something, did the years of football competition kind of help you polish that out a little bit? It does, you know, a lot of people get stage fright. I really just from, you know, Wisconsin, we're playing in front of 100,000. Arena football, same thing, a lot. I don't really notice people there, it's not a big deal. It, the mental part's not a big deal. And I guess very mentally after I didn't touch that shirt, I was like crap. Here we go. And then I missed my next one. And, you know, the first one I popped on came toward my head. So my second one I hit too low, went toward my stomach. The third one I just, I don't know, it's stupid, just mentally. I couldn't get it up. Like, it's not dialed in, per se. So. What do you think, right? What are the things you need to work on for your next meet? What things do you need to improve? Other than dialing in the show? Those cameras go pros, I think they're cold. I need to get one of those and send feedback to you guys over here and say, how you doing this right? Because just the crew got in there and I was nuts. If I had that, I would total $3,000 guarantee. You know, I just don't have that crew. And the guys I have, I don't want to say it. They help me. But they're all new to it. So I'm trying to teach them. And I don't know how I'm really doing. So, you know, in my coach Ed and Coach Randy, like I said with work, they have trouble getting there. So sometimes I might be lifting with my buddy Rines a lawyer. Another one, Christine, she, for like about a word, it's just kind of soccer mom. And a few other guys, and they try in there. I love them. You know, for him, and they just don't, the cues and stuff. I need to get one of those cameras and get better feedback. Okay. So tell us, the bench was just a shirt issue. What on the other two lifts do we need in proof? You know what, and my deadlift, I know what I pull and I pull a little over 900 and a little on a 900 consecutive last two weeks. So I know I'll get up rates to around nine. As long as I don't get to two spents from the squad bench. But I felt great yesterday. My, I was in a good mood. I felt great. I just, you know, missed the bench just threw me off. You know, he should never bomb, you know. So I need, like I said, better handlers, more feedback on the bench. The squat, you know, I think eventually I get up to that 1200 up or 1112. I just need to get that weight on my back a few more times. And that again comes with my handlers and spotters. No joke. There's sometimes I might be squatten. There might be two people there. Yeah. And that's not real safe. I got one behind me, one on the rack. So it's not the safest. So I, like I said, to recap dialing my shirt, get some feedback. Just continue to do what I'm doing. My deadlift is there and then my squat gets some weight on my back. Okay. And look, look in towards the future. What kind of goals do you have? What would you need to accomplish before you're ready to do that? I think on the, the all time 308, so like six or seven right all time. I, I, I, I wanted it this week to break into number three. Uh, half I think's got the number one like 3000, which is going to take some time. But I, I think I could get there. Uh, that Jonas Riton is right there like 29. 50 probably. And then after that, it drops down to the AJ Roberts like 28. 50. And that was my goal yesterday to break that. But uh, my next meet my goals to break AJ's record and come number three and then go from there. Okay. Excellent. We look forward to watching that. Good to have you out here. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Thank you.