Everybody, Steve Colscott for eLeedFTS.com. We're doing a video roundtable. We have some of our team members mixed in with some guests. And we're going to talk a little bit about, we have people from a variety of sports, mostly powerlifting. We have some from the body building world, some that do figure, some that do strong The question here is what do they love about their sport, what would they like to change and what type of change would make it more popular? I would agree with everyone on the team here with the negative comments on the internet. I feel like social media is really killed powerlifting at the same time. It's really thrown it out there for people to see. But it's not seen it from the right view. I ignore it completely, all of it. I don't pay attention to the lick of it, not one bit. I don't know if it's a comment about me and I don't even look at it. I really know where to look. I don't even click on it. Nothing happens. So I think that's your best route to go. Just ignore all. I want everyone to do well. Your 10 times stronger than me. I want you to be 20. I want everyone to do well. And that's what the sport is about. We're all here on common ground. We all made a game by different backgrounds. But this sport heals you from within. We're all lifting for the same purpose. And if we could just stay there and have less greedy hands in the bowl, this sport would take off. But until that until people just kind of back down. And really want to see this sport uprise. Instead of tearing everybody down for depth and knees and draped and not so wrong. And we're all whatever. I don't even know. But it just really needs to go the other direction quickly. Because there is more people in the sport than ever. The community is growing. So but it needs to grow in a positive level. Not I want to beat this person. It needs to grow on a bigger level than that. Shut up. Okay. So I think one thing I love about it is that when you're power lifting since so such an internal aspect to it, it's not bodybuilding, but it's still they're both very internal in their own ways. It's kind of like a puzzle. So you've made these mistakes in your last meet. Now you have to think about how you're going to solve them through training. And so I guess the scientist in me really loves that aspect of just kind of identifying and then solving. On the note of changing slash things I don't like. I don't really want to use don't like. But I guess kind of in line with Molly was saying is I wish there was more of an appreciation between the average gym goer and what power lifting is. Because we can all squat hopefully. There's an injury probably store work around it by the modification. But squat bench and deadlift or things that can be learned quite easily. I think. And that if the average gym goer could realize hey, I can do this sport where I empower myself and I think there's something to be said of picking up this heavy weight that you didn't think you could do before. I see you know my students all the time. If I'm teaching an intro level of strength lab, you know, they pick up this heavy dumbbell that didn't think they could do and then I've got a group of students cheering that I've never met one another before until the class. It's an amazing feeling. So I guess along the lines of not disliking but wishing we could kind of work to fix would be just getting that gym goer to see hey, power lifting is amazing. Versus these preconceived notations that they might have about power lifting is, you know, steroids heavy weights and bloated faces because it's definitely absolutely not that. And so it's so much more. And then to become more popular, I think that. I think it's a become more popular. I think that it would be really amazing if once we kind of got everyone on the same page, just this idea of doing more things like learn to train where novice lifters realize hey, like it's okay to be nervous and kind of educating people on it's good to be nervous but it's also great to kind of step out there. So more things like that I think are very helpful. Sure, I tell us a little bit about if you could mention kettlebell competition and power lifting in your answer. Sure, Steve, thank you. What I like about the power lifting aspect of it is that there's no age limit and I'm thinking I'm going to look around here and admit out in the open that I'm the oldest one here. I'm pretty sure. I didn't start power lifting until I was 52 years old. Next week I'm going to be 53 years old. My first, what really is the commodity around here and to really, little real never forget in my life is the power lifting experience here in August where I pulled 370 pound deadlift. To me that wasn't the joy what the joy was was I had Julie Laduski, Marshall Johnson and Molly Edwards cheering and clapping for me and I've never had that in my life. So you cannot even tell the how special this is, the people, the cheering and the camaraderie in power lifting is beyond anything I've ever done. kettlebell sport is also the same as a team sport, but it's also an individual. It's the same thing. It's a growing sport. It's a ten minute event. It's I'd rather deadlift 400 pounds than do a ten minute kettlebell event. I'll be honest. I did both events last year. They're both very growing. I'm not going to lie. So the age is the huge factor in this is you never to all to start. You never to young to start anybody can do this sport. I've had injuries. I've had major back surgery. There's no limits. This was a gift for me. I'll learn from it. I'll grow from it. What I would like to see changing is just some of the events. So just are such long days. I'm getting old. So you know, bedtime is a clock. Some of these events like we let last year went to 11 p.m. They are long days. Otherwise I'm in a sport long enough to know anything negative. I've seen nothing but positive. I look in the positive bright side of everything. So as far as growing the sport, my clients, my kettlebell people. They look at me and they look up to me and they think, well, I'll share you. This is amazing with what you've been through with your back and your knee. A year ago my dog just said never squat again. Here I am squatting 330 pounds today. So you know, if you dock, I'm going to squat. So anyways, yeah, just leave by example. You know, I can do it. You guys can do it. Can I do this? Can do it. Yes, you can.