Everybody, Steve Kolskad here for elitefts.com. It's my honor to interview Dr. Brian Mann. Brian, tell us a little bit about it. I'm going to let you explain your current job position. I'm a assistant director, strengthy conditioning for the athletic department at the University of Missouri. I have worked with every team there, basically, currently with my new role as also being a assistant professor for physical therapy and athletic training. I'm down to working with just a couple of teams. I still can salt and help out with football whenever I have the time, but I've got the soccer team and I help out quite a bit with the throws. Okay, tell us a little bit about how you got started and first off lifting and then how that transitioned into coaching for you. Well I started off with lifting basically because my birthmark, I was made fun of as a kid all the time and I thought, you know, if I get big enough and strong enough, they are going to leave me alone. That's exactly what happened. And actually I got into coaching just by being at the right place at the right time. I had been studying for a biology test out. I went to Southwest Missouri State University and now it's Missouri State and there was a taco bell so I could have endless supply of bean burritos and diet Pepsi to keep me going. And there we had a little plaza type thing there and I was studying it and it was right in front of the athletic weight room and one of my friends was a football player came up and was talking to me and the head strength coach came up. He's like, you're a big guy, what do you do? It's like, well I'm a power lifter. He's like, oh, you heard a Louis Simmons? Go, yeah, I've heard of him. So while I do a lot of his stuff, you want to come being in turn. So I stopped studying for my biology test and went up into the weight room and I didn't do very good on that test. But you know, the rest of the history, you know, went into strength conditioning for that point on and trying to use weights as a vehicle to try and help people improve their lives and improve things. You know, not just trying to get stronger of body but stronger of mind. And it's also a little bit about your power lifter in that ground. Power lifting background. Well, you know, compared to a lot of the other guys on the team elite, I'm not much anything. I started out doing full power lifting meats. I was competed in trying to think of the natural athletes, strength association, you know, NASA is where I competed in mostly whenever I was coming up because their meats were 15 minutes from my house and did that for about 10 years. Got up to over 700 pounds squat, single ply. And then with strength and conditioning, you know, your time is limited for meats. I ended up going to do just bench press only and I got up to 750 in a multi-plice shirt, double denim, you know, old school carons, ugly thing. But so that's the best that I did there. Yes, essentially. And then I didn't ever get in a meat, but I did 95 in the gym and one of those old injured came to the suits. That's a bad work here. I shouldn't have said it. But what is? But those were my accolades. My deadlift sucks. I got small hands. I can't hold on to the bar. So. And what's what's what drove you to to excel in your current career? You know, I wanted to pay things forward. I wanted to, well, pay things forward in two respects. You know, the weights always gave me an anchor. Powerlifting always gave me the anchor to my life that when everything else was gone to hell. I could always go into the weight room. And the iron did not care what had happened that day. The iron did not care that I had a birthmark. The iron did not care about anything else. It was just me and it. And that served as my anchor to keep keep myself centered. And I wanted to try and give other people those things to focus on because it's not just focusing on one main goal. It's focusing on the process of each repetition to keep your mind focused and on those sorts of things. And then was strength and conditioning going into the research side of things to pay things forward. Because I feel that I was in a different situation than most people come from a PhD program. I was a strength and conditioning coach first. I was in strength and conditioning for 10 years before I even went to a stats class for a doctoral level. And that my practical experience there could really help to pay things forward and to change the way things are done in strength and conditioning. You know, the APA-RE study that I did. I got tired of seeing all the literature saying 12 weeks studies, 16 weeks studies. Man, NCAA regulations with spring ball and everything. We never get more than five or six weeks. I can't translate the 12 or 16 week program to five or six. It doesn't work. So I thought we just needed to go and find out the way to do things with the current schedules. I appreciate that I recommend that each of you checks out Brian's column. He's one of our more popular columnists and thanks for talking to us.