Okay everybody this is Steve Coltscott for leadFDS.com we got some of our team members we got a bit of a younger group everyone here is what was our youngest age we said 24 to 26 so they're pretty a pretty tight cluster we wanted to kind of introduce you to some of them to start out with most of you will know these people if each of you will start with Casey if you can kind of just give your name and your top lifts and how long you've been lifting how many power lifting meets. Here you go. Okay we need this nice. Casey Williams I've been lifting for about three years now competing best squat was 755 best bench was 539 best ed lift was 735 maybe best total was 2011 I compete roll. Joe Scholarow I've been competing for about three and a half years now best roll lifts or 570 squat 400 bench and 600 ed lift. We put Alexander on the spot because he is a training expert but has not competed just can't introduce yourself. The whole name is Alexander one and Tonya Courts has have not competed since you have been a trainer for the last five and a half years started heavy lifting you could say probably going about six years ago. Yeah I have background about lay dancer and all that so I'm the odd one out in the group going on to a Brandon. I'm Brandon Smaley I've been competing for two years my best lifts are 501 303 and 501 deadlift 136 total at 132. My name is General Patricino I compete in the 105 and 97 weight classes my best squat is a 233 115 bench and a 253 deadlift and I've been competing since 2011. Steve what about you? What about me the next question. If you guys can each tell us a little bit about who your mentor is what people taught you the basics to get to where you are and to develop your personal training philosophy. It's coming back to me. I need to think about it for a moment. I've been really lucky to have helped from a lot of different people in the field and in the area. I started out in strengthening conditioning and that was when I decided at that point in time I wanted to power lift. So I think it would be a combination of some really great trained coaches I worked for as well as help from some of the great power lifters along the way. I know that Tony Garland has really been super helpful as far as helping me every step of my competition processes and I'm really thankful for that and I'm thankful for a frank winch wrench because without him I would have never gotten into powerlifting because when I was working at USF he was there as a trained coach and he really just was a power lifter and inspired myself and a couple of my friends to get into the sport. I would say that my process has probably been really different than the powerlifting is not nowhere near popular where I'm at. There's no competitive lifters. There's no one that really introduced me to the sport. I ran into the sport doing bodybuilding and found a ETFTS as a random website I was looking for something for bodybuilding and I just kind of ran with it. I started looking at where my numbers were at based upon my weight class and I was like I could be pretty good at this as long as I actually kind of learned the sport. So I took the time to actually read, understand programming, see who was good, who was doing what in my weight class of the areas and I kind of took my learning process that way and then all the stuff that a LiatIS provided gave me the best role to get going and then I started reaching out to people that were in the sport. The closest people to me at the time when I started getting really serious was Julia Matt Ladooski and they invited me up to come train, heavy bench session with them and that made a nine day difference in my bench press alone and then I went and competed, took some stuff, came to the learn to train some in ours where I could actually get the best lifters of hands on, show me where I need to be in positions and discuss programming. So I guess you could say directly that I was a LiatIS and Dave and everyone that's involved with the site is what really got me going. But more as of recently, my programming has been from Brian Carroll. So I would say that Brian Carroll has been a huge mainstay of my success and keeping me healthy. And then just again, the rest of the team members that I'm now apart with, they're always helping me out through social media and videos and stuff. So my path was different but I think learning it myself was a very individual way to learn my body and then getting people to show me what could help me the best. My introduction to the sport was it was off for my guess it would be typical. I was dealing with a, it was back in 2008. I was dealing with a lot of injuries from ballet that pretty much left me like walking around the cane for a while and I was looking for something to get back to movement capacity as I called it. And I came upon essentially these power lifting since I was just looking for ways to be strong general. And I would say, I'd say, first great resource I had was Marty Gallagher. This is going through a lot of his articles. And then that by chance, it led me to lead FTS, which I realized, bring a lot of tates, works and teams dealing with, you know, whatever is letting the injuries was the time. I could come back, you know, or I could at least, I could rebuild myself. And then over the period of years, I got in training, you know, EFS, just became the primary, you know, since the educational resource, I used to guide me on training. And that's my client tell. Down the past year or so, I've really become a really reliant upon John Middales, obviously working for him now as being one of the best training influences. And obviously, we circles back to the lead FTS crew. So I love it. I guess you'd say tight in it with my movement background, you know, it's having the dancing stuff that I did. But, you know, part of this philosophy of training to be strong and trying to move, you know, myself and fits together pretty nicely, allowed as you know, again, a typical. So, so kind of similar to the way with Brandon said, when I started competing, it was just by myself, I didn't really have anybody helping me directly. And I learned a lot from just as I looked online, found a lead FTS, started reading the articles, started learning more and was kind of just working with things in my own. I started training for powerlifting because I was recovering from some health problems and just wanted to pick a goal to train for. And then over time, I started going to some seminars with the Ladooski, started coming to learn to train, met the Ladooski, they helped me a lot, met Buddy Morris. I had a chance to meet Jail Holesworth and I worked for him for a while and I learned a lot training with him. And over time, just as I've spent more time around all these guys and everything, I just meet more people that I'm able to bounce ideas off of that are able to teach me a lot. So it's just great because more time I spent around all these guys, the more the network grows of people that can help me get better and teach me what I need to know. So right now, it's just continuing to grow. I still learn a lot from Jail and starting to learn more from these guys. Every time I talk to somebody, I get a different perspective on things. And then also now I'm training with another crew of people in Ohio at Duke Siren Zoo. So they've been helping me too. So it's as the more time goes on, just getting more opportunities to learn from different people. So that's been really helpful. My experience with lifting has always been training for football through maybe the end of middle school high school college. I was loved lifting but it was not the means to an end. The purpose was football. So my college strength coach, John Field was a, he was an expert at lifting. So we always talked about it a little bit here and there. And I never competed until I just got out of college. Mike Barrevecchio, good friend of mine, back home, got me into the sport. He's kind of been my mentor through all of it. We were fortunate enough to meet Steve Goggins at the 2011 IPA Nationals. He gave me his phone number and I think we've talked at least once a month ever since then. He's a wealth and knowledge and he's probably one of the best people in power lifting. I was fortunate enough to train at Westside on the weekends for three or four months. That blew me was a big help. And just recently Brian Carroll in the last meet was a big help for me. And I'm looking forward to working with him in the offseason also. Okay, there's never been more information available on training. If you guys can tell me a little bit, I'm sure most of you have kind of taken bits and pieces from various training systems and made it your own. I'm going to toss it back to Casey and work it back reverse. Tell us basically if you could describe your training and system and what elements it entails. So I went to a Mike Barrevecchio was a bench specialist. My bench is pretty good for, I consider pretty good for how long I've been doing it. But that also means my squat and deadlift has been lagging just because he's never, he wasn't a squat, squat or deadlift or so. I've had to play catch up there. For two years, I trained the conjugate system. It worked a lot of box squats, Joe and I were talking about that earlier. I got stronger, but on meet day, sometimes it didn't translate. It wasn't kind of sure how to get the most out of my training. After the past year, I moved to a Russian peak cycle, just more volume and reps and things like that. I much more comfortable on the platform on meet day because I'm handling heavier weights without a common energy resistance and those kinds of things. So that's been the biggest change for me learning what style is going to translate best for me on meet day. When I started, I started with 5-1, it was one of the first resources that I used when I was just researching information like Brandon said. Use that for a while and then play around with some different things, high frequency programs. I tried a lot of different stuff and kind of program bounced when I was just training by myself because I didn't really have people that keep me accountable and kind of show me the things I need to improve on. And then probably for the last little over year, maybe a year and a half, I started changing using a conjugate system. I used that for the last year and a half to get stronger raw. And I tried to conjugate before a couple of years ago and I was trained by myself and I basically kind of like what Casey and I was talking about was basically figured out all these things that I was just assuming and doing wrong. And then as I understood the system better, I learned how to make it work for raw lifting and then now as I'm starting to train and gear, learning the differences, the things that need to change. I'm kind of learning that it's not as simple as just pulling the template off the internet and just doing whatever the template says but like learning like the conjugate system when it works if you understand it correctly. So I'm in the process of that obviously, never going to have it totally figured out. But over time just seeing the little tweaks that I have to make is more time goes on and I'm enjoying it so far. I guess I'll answer that in two parts. Training wise when I originally started training, I myself personally this uses very traditional as a linear periodization scheme. Since we started with tens, so our 12 weeks out worked up to doing triples. It was this very basic. Over time working with the client I've worked with, I have used essentially what you could call a concurrent or conjugate scheme that's extremely simplified but it works well for developing novices. My overall philosophy is in regard to this context of the activity. You're depending on the kind of athlete, the training and then you look at a future tensed position of what you want them to accomplish and work backwards. So you're going to have a lot of overlaying methodologies that can be effective. From there it's going to be a coaching decision of which will be most effective. Trying to maximize the effectivity. For myself personally, I've been trained for the past eight months or so on this sort of modified mountain dock system which that is a little bit traditional, traditional, uses a lot of your on the tense vacation techniques. But essentially this is like an, you can say if you're sort of an undulating volume cycle of this peaking and then backing off and peaking again, that works well. It's also very injury-friendly since I've been fortunate to hurt myself a lot of stupid ways. I'm proud of me through dancing and actually more so than lifting. But I guess you would say overall philosophy wise, my heart's a training. You have a patient principal to do what works and then find what works best. I've got to throw yourself for somebody else. I'm kind of bounce off what Casey and Joe talked about. Casey said he got his start from football and mine originally started in wrestling and that we squatted a lot in wrestling which I'm not sure if my coach really kind of knew what he was doing or not but when you're 15, you don't really kind of argue with the coach because that can dictate your mat time. So I felt that that gave me a good strong base especially from a lower body standpoint and when you're younger you see a lot of dudes benching and doing upper body work and gluiting their legs and that I think benefited me especially in a lifting perspective and then once high school got done I was looking for something and I got into bodybuilding and I was you know 130 pounds, you know so can wet and so I was like I just want to get bigger. I'm tired of being a little guy. I want to be a big little guy and I think the bodybuilding helped me learn my body and then my systems and what I'm good at and what I'm not and then I could develop and what I wanted to do I went and competed. I eventually competed until I won that show and then I basically shut it down and then start going into powerlifting and everyone asked me how I trained and I was like you know I still take heavy triples and sets of five bodybuilding wise systems like oh you know chase the pump within the 12. I think that's some of you good for powerlifting so the way that I trained now with Brian is only three days a week which he's got the ebook coming out so I was ebook to subscribe his actual training I'm not gonna bust into that too much but the way that I work with some of the powerlifting that I work with specifically Purdue Barba we kind of run a conjugate system because we want them to train together and compete as a team in the actual weight room and so basically like what Joe and Casey said they were running the conjugate system off of what worked for them I think that's what it's important is when I ran it for a year by myself I found like what worked well and what worked in and like they said the box squatting it just didn't work so I still like speed squats I think they're tremendous the way that I manipulate them is actually having a pause in the hole with the bands of the chain so you actually have to pause with the commenting resistance so it's you have to file a kelly get out of the bottom which I think that translates really well to a raw squat same thing with bench I believe that the speed should actually kind of be paused on the chest because you have to pause it in competition so that works on your reinforced valve and off the chest and then the speed poles are pretty much the same because you're just pulling off the floor and they've all seen tremendous progress and I think that's what's important with the conjugate system if you're going to implement it and people try to bash it like you have to make it work for what you want to do if you're going to be in gear then you can probably go more of the actual way that Louis intended it to be used but if you're going to be raw you're going to manipulate it to your strengths of weaknesses and you need to honestly assess those strengths of weaknesses you can't say oh I'm good here but in all tronist gear partners like do you suck there so you got to build your programming around that and that's the way that I look at programming oh wow okay so before I even get started on this extremely loaded question I think it's really interesting because listening to everyone's responses I think with almost all of us sitting here we all come from a background that isn't exactly like you got started in power lifting right away by having someone that was coaching you most of us at nearly three of us Joe Brandon and myself come from more of a string to conditioning type background so I think it really affects how you kind of view programming so I know when I first started power lifting learning about programming it was coming from that string to conditioning background so my first exposure is just strength and conditioning and that kind of programming really was the first things that I started to take in and then I started to read more about and my degrees in a undergrad degrees in exercise science and I'm working on my graduate degree in kinesiology so then for quite a while you know when I was an undergrad I worked in a conjugate system as well as most of us have all set here and I worked in it for almost four years without really truly understanding why I was programming my speed day why I was programming my max effort days I knew that they needed to be there and I knew what the purpose was but I was losing the actual idea of well am I training speed on the day on my sheet that's his speed day I know I'm working at 50 percent you know and I know that's supposed to train speed but am I actually actually doing that and you know for four years I kind of went about it and I don't think I ever really asked myself those questions and if we're talking about you know where our programming is now and where philosophy is I think for me the biggest thing and at least my evolution as far as my own programming for powerlifting because it's going to be very different than my programming for a specific sport or programming for general health or programming for an older person like all of that's going to be different but you know for myself and I think that you can this is maybe one of the one things you can apply to everyone is I decided the most important thing was deciding what trait did I want to train and then truly understanding like so what actually is that trait if I say I want to train you know speed work and I'm no longer moving something fast and my truly training speed work even though it's a 50 percent and probably not so I think when I finally had that epiphany and I was like I need to understand the trait and then write the program and make sure that I can adjust that program based on making sure I achieve training of that trait was when I kind of was like wow you know I need to take a step back it's not about what the sheet is it's not about if it's linear if it's concurrent if it's conjugate if it's um undulating it doesn't matter it's just matters that you understand the trait you understand the basic parameters of that system and then you know how to modify that programming to achieve that because at the end of the day a sheet is just a sheet and when you get to a level of training and lifting that becomes more advanced you can't just follow the sheet and expect to see games because at that point in time you're past that you're past that anything that is going to work so I would say now my training and my programming is basically based on understanding you know what traits and attempt to train understanding truly like what is my weakness you know just because I seem to have my chest fall forward is it truly okay maybe my upper back is weak I mean well why would I say that do I truly know that and kind of pinpointing exactly what that weakness was and then you know programming to fix and correct those things and I think those are you know simple things that you can apply to a lot of different types of programming so critical thinking I guess is my program in template and in a simple way to say okay last question you guys are all young lifters there's pretty much anything possible tell us where you see yourselves in the future and what your goals are through lifting oh it's coming back to me coming back to you um okay so I guess this is probably the best question because I don't know but everyone else but for myself I'm always kind of evaluate you know where do I want to go where am I doing what am I doing today as far as to get there so and I should say in 30 seconds or less 30 seconds okay so I would like to one day down the road be teaching colleges at a university level to students undergraduate hopefully based on exercise science can you see allergy just kind of passing on my love of training to other people as far as my own lifting goes it's always going to be the same I would want to be the top lifter in my weight class hopefully I can stay 105 for a couple years more and continue to gun for the highest lifts in that weight class I'm a completely different road from gen although we're both in grad school kind of a similar background I actually want to open my own training facility to work with athletes string athletes general population they're actually serious and obtaining their goals not a cookie cutter thing is so many time fitness where they just go for 30 minutes and push weights on the machine so that's what I want to do and I've got a lot to learn and especially considering I have no formal background in that I just have the vision to do it so right now I'll take whatever I can get after school to make me better obtaining that but for lifting wise I'm going to continue to stay in the 132 pound class I still I barely missed my 10 times bodyweight total a rum so that's definitely a high priority right now and then I want to continue to push that total higher and higher I haven't really looked at how high I think I can push it before I started having to move into a different weight class and when it comes to actual numbers I don't feel comfortable discussing this long term my goal is basically to go the doctoral route my father's in position now myself want to be a physician I've a lot going on right now but that's you know I'll like sort of like the 5-8-10-year plan so to speak lifting wise I've been meeting my orthopedist next week to see what's happening with the possible hip-hip replacement that's lovely whatever but um 24 24 um yeah don't yeah don't just do but shit yeah no that lesson for me don't do you don't do you don't need to we give that point where you're like this is a good idea this hurts you don't fuck it I'm gonna do it just don't don't do it just don't do it because you will pay for it that's my phone going off Jesus yeah so a lot long yeah long term long term I basically I'm like keep lifting I'll probably be competing in the fall you know in a man-kini physique you know I was working for John with brief some of you a geared um yeah competitor and I was just keeping a stronger yeah this is a lifelong process I wouldn't say I have any like set set goal it's just I love it I'm always gonna be doing it and hopefully one day it will it will kill me and you know I love it for it so it's gonna be hard to beat all that but um competitive wise like a big goal for me is obviously I have short-term goals you know in terms of like rankings and lifts and PRs but a big goal that I have competitively is to have long-jewity like we're all very young some of the things I really look up to with like Brian Carol and Adam triggers some mirror guys and the team is the long-jewity they've had in the sport and despite it it's not like they've been injury-free they've worked around stuff and it's made them now really good coaches so um that's something that I want to have long-jewity in the sport you know and make slow steady progress over them of course the next 15 years so that's kind of the big picture goal competitively for me and that from a professional standpoint like I've my master's degree in exercise physiology so um to learn how to get better coaching people and teaching things and you know I just organized a strength conditioning seminar at the University at Worket and it had Brandon there to help and um doing things like that facilitating a lot of college students especially strength conditioning students just there's so much information that they're not getting so you know to provide that to them and even if it's not me directly but facilitating that anyway I can is a big thing for me so as I grow as you know I'm starting to compete in gear now I have goals with gear and then I want to go back and do stuff uh raw as well and then um and over that time as I as I learn over the next how many years be able to learn a lot to translate and give other people so that's kind of a big picture goal that I'm going to specifics I don't know if you know there's been a lot of go gear and then back to Raw sorry I have to turn my rock hard nice did that short term in the 242 raw class I want to be number one in the world and I want to hold the all-time total in the 242 class long term I respect the hell out of Steve Goggins but I don't know if I can step on the platform at 50 I want to be able I want to have a good career I want to be able to walk away on my own terms and uh like Steve and the rest of these guys give back you know everything that I've got now to go. Thanks guys.