Mark Watts, we'd like to ask.com. I'm here with John Wallborn, who's a creator of Power-Affton, John. We appreciate being here with us today. Thank you, thank you, Reverend. John, talk about how you started Power-Affton. Why do you felt the need to really fill that need of Power-Affton? How did you train that? Oh, geez, I'm much time we got it. So just a little history about me. About 10 years in the NFL. And really Power-Affton started with many, many years before we actually launched your company a couple of years ago. And really what it is, is just a snapshot of my training. My experience is what I used to go playing the NFL. So obviously, like everybody else, I started lifting weights when I got into high school for football. And I was fortunate that the old Power-Affton stood down the street for me who trained in his garage was a bad and George Zangas. Going then at the super suits and the reps. So marathon nutrition and a George's legend. And it's since last week. But he had three car garage weights in it. And he invited certain guys over from high school to come training and that's why I got lifting weights. So I got a really, I mean in terms of getting a doctor named in the NFL, I've been in the best situations. Any Power-Affton that I ever made in the United States, I'm actually very proud to be able to have a lot of George Zangas, I'm like, oh my God, yeah. He's the only contemporary. So that's why I got to do it. And I got a certain play football because my coach was playing football. And they were good guys. And I went to the weights and just seemed like a natural thing to do. So I was fortunate to go on playing high school. Got a scholarship to go to Berkeley. Went there playing five years. Got two degrees out of there. Actually, working on my second. And I got to go out to my field at the Eagles. And went on to play for the Eagles, the Chiefs of the Bigger. What in fall in your career? What kind of things do you think you would have, the proud of no one else? Who would you rather know than, as a player, they'd become a figure out after training after a done play? Is there anything you think would, when would have helped you? I'm just training other athletes now, and then to help you with the play? Yeah, I definitely could have extended my career significantly longer and I understood how to fix injuries. So injuries being the biggest reason guys made it in my day. You have phenomenal players and then we're going to chance to play another by being showed by having a cup of coffee. Because they have some horrific injury to come out of something college. So I had some pretty significant injuries. And I find understood, so I had a fix that was passed. Just what the doctor said. I think I could have extended my career much longer. You know what happens here? You're going to say on the time of play high level, and all of a sudden some happen, I could play the same level, I was saying like, let's go to happen. I got in my 10th year, I got hurt in my last free season game. And ended up coming back in Ebene surgery in those 10 years. And I, at that point, just could do it anymore. And it wasn't until a year later that I figured out why, and more important aspects. So I think if I could go back and talk to you, you don't job well, you wouldn't work well. And here's how we fix these things, so that you don't get in these problems. That it's not the struggle for the camera's problem. And taking a bit back and off about what about athletes to gain? What is it? What is the biggest area to improve on the seeing a young man happens across the border? Just so any one of that, that the biggest we've got is muscle on his toe. The internet is probably the worst thing to happen to training. It's the invention of the side-banks machine. I mean literally the internet is a crippled, to make the shooting a lot of ways. Because what it offered just became so much information. I think it's for all the systems that the internet is in a data, so much information, training styles, methods, and people keep out of the machine. They go down the rabbit hole and sing another train to do this in an in-natural fashion. Everybody wants you to agree with me called the Secrets for a hybrid. We're going to do a west side and do this in a new way. We're going to pull out seven things and do a mix in all of the digital, and then it's magical. Like a function that's going to somehow get the way we want to go. And it ends up just making it flow. It's like a magical and a liquor cabinet for the other libel you have in the one train. Shake it up between you and the typical long island ice tea. You have one when you're like 17 years old, you never drink anything. Yeah, so it's like a long island ice tea of training. And I think what's happened is in this internet age, with the internet with technology, everybody wants everything immediately. Where the iPhone generation was around the beginning, not like I got to be there on time, because it's not good enough to be grateful. So I think it's this, this is too much information, so I'm so training. When it was against the scratch, and we did exactly the same as told us, it was not the very things that we know and it didn't have to know that we're not going to do this. We're going to do this, we're going to do this, we're going to do this, we're going to do a little bit more. There was no speed work, no dynamic work, it was just lift weights, and it was very, very basic, very simple. And I realized that the most basic simple things were usually the ones that stayed with text time work. And I honestly, I see people just get so inedited with information, all these different techniques and ideas, they just create paralysis and then everybody. So I'm thankful that I didn't grow up in a time where I wanted to know something I would call you on the phone. And I always thought to story about the college, we were all trying to benchmark it in a balance and then going to another way, say more about the deals and at the end of it, the least number comes in. And then there was a number, and it's been mentioned on this, and you picked up the phone. This is new, and we're saying about it, yes, the videos. And again, we were trying to benchmark accounts. This is what you do, and we talked to Louis and I know that benchmark accounts. And so I told Louis that story, and I kind of remember, but didn't, but I'm sure he said, I'm going to be following, but if you call this up our door, it's good chance, little later, to the phone and talk to you. And I think if you look for me, especially with the professional athlete, what's that's probably the idea of having to be the train people not to train with. So you have money in the available free time, and you have to do it anywhere, so I look at the 10-ball train with the Niagara Fair release. If you look for me, it's paying to the best reputation, right, you guys have a lot of work. And just to translate, it's amazing being on the internet, and everybody that trains at the least is just a different level, and it's a world-class, one of those two interesting things about the Niagara Fair. And being able to search out and be able to go out and train with the best, if they've taken a guy you want them, you know, they're not going to take a straight line and they're going to take a straight line, and they're going to go out and I think people want to sit behind the call for the skateboard, and have 7,000 different message accounts, and give him forums, and talk about all this stuff. And the end of the day, like the Niagara 10,000 posts on the floor, isn't really training this morning, I've tried to train with this 10,000 posts, but that guy's instantly made some of those, I was like, there was a user go on the cross-and-message board, and somebody asked a question, a question for the audience, and he mentioned it's like, a small bit of question, so one of the questions, a message board and a medical, and I went to answer the question. And as I answered the question, this guy like the next guy, I tried to push them. And you know what I'm talking about, a little bit of a crooks, and the next guy, and the next guy was like, hey, you know, the fuck who would that dude's name, and like, kind of like, talk about who I was, and like the guy was like, oh, well, I saw he only had one post, so obviously he doesn't know much, but he knows what he's going to post. And I was like, that's the fucking strength of the internet, so the more post you have, obviously the more you know, the more you know, the more you know, the more you know, the more you know, the more you stick with the system, and you get to spend too many options and too much for all of this. And I think you'll really get to the phone with him. Last question, that transmission from Don't Think of a coach from Apple to Coach. With the, with the hard and fake phone, the plaintiff such an eye on love and to be a coach of that. That's a lot of time. So, probably the reason I don't, I worked with Apple to give it to me, the strength of the performance that we're not in a grateful for. And I think that's a very grateful for that picture. And I think that's a very good thing for me. And I don't know how I can teach somebody that's good, so I'm very, very skilled, and I think that the partner of great coach who's been able to live my whole bunch of different people, and then be able to work with each individual to maximize their performance. So in terms of this recognition role, that I can look at and I think work with an and the train that they can figure out where the holes are going to be. And then in the families, we're going to do some of this living family who should translate into better performance or to some of the networks that we've performed. So a big thing with our training and the same thing. Yeah, this is great when you do it in time as well. But the under the day, these are just opportunities to show them skills that we can use with something else. And you might be able to squat in that amount and if you can't use that on the field, I know it was as well in the past minutes. It's not easy for me. You know, it's not guided. Even if you don't have a conversation that the guy squats by the way, it doesn't seem to be a good moment, but it's quite a severance. You don't have a lot of things in the core. You know, I knew that I simply intend to use it to tell you, as you follow, but you're going to do it to show up at the end of your career. But you've carried my pads on the field and asked them to let me sleep with them. So for me, I was a really interesting game in the end of the course. I don't know if this time is in the real life, you can work with it. And you're still set for me. If you gave me a bunch of them, I've been ever single-bedding, I've been six or five, and I've been a bit familiar with it. I've never seen a single-bedding, I could probably have designed training and a horrible, and technique to show them what I did. And if something didn't do, I could do it. And it would be the harder for me. So therefore, I did that with the strength of my chest. And then so, if now this time I didn't show that at the time of years, it was been a lot of people who had this. And it was a universal and a set with the patterns. And then based on what people did. And then I would go to the center and then kind of go back to the center and then go to the center and then go to the center. And we've been able to have a lot of things about it. So this idea, and I'm just training for what it is. And we've been able to take that as a system. It is an accurate sense of useful for whatever you desire. And then I do that. And I try to make it the best in there. And then I do that. And then I do it. And then I do that. We'll have a good day tomorrow. And yeah, Power Up at HQ. And also Twitter. John Mowler and also Vincent Manjo. Thanks for your time. We've got to appreciate it. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.