Hey guys, the Thunder哥's the Dirty Dog! GAMM! And of course the house-all bicep! I'm here at EliteFTS.com. I'm a buddy andre here. We're gonna work on his log press. If we can fix some of the mistakes that he is having, make him and you a better presser. So let's get started. You said you don't normally have any problems with the clean, but if you make the clean easier, your press is obviously, I think most people have that problem or find the same thing. If you can make the clean easier, the press is obviously gonna be easier. So you wanna just go through a couple of cleans. This is one-tenth time to light something we can just play with. I'll just step out of your way here so if we can pick up a couple of things that's going on. Just cleans. Whatever you wanna do, you wanna clean and press. All right, we'll start from the press. Now do you feel comfortable with that clean? Your hips are pretty high. Which makes me think you're probably a fairly good dead lifter as well. When you use a larger log, this is a tinch log. When you use a 12 inch logging competition, I think sometimes you'll see a lot of people that have to squat down a little bit more because the log handles are out here instead of in here. So where it's close, you can actually pick it up. I would tell you to wear a belt that way you can get a little cheat factor on the clean that way once you get it to your knees and you can squat all the way down. You can actually use that belt to pop and stand up because with a really heavy log, you don't wanna end up popping a bicep or having to curl a log because your best log press is around 270. We can't curl 270. That's really not. Absolutely. On the press, I want you to do this exact same thing. The only thing that I want to see you do different on the press than what this one rep you just did was when you are right here with the log, the only thing that your knees did was come straight forward. And what I wanna see you do is I want your knees to go out. I want you to hit the blades of your feet a little bit just like a jerk in weight lifting. I don't wanna see your knees come forward. That puts a lot of stress in your knees. I want your knees to go out here that way you can drive up because if your knees go forward, the first thing that happens is you're gonna be leaning back just like this. So you really have no legs to drive up. You've got calves to drive up and you can't calf press 270. But if we can get your legs a little more into it and your knees go out, your body is still centerline. You have to lean back a little bit because it is a log which your body is still centerline and you can actually use your legs to drive up from there. So just try and play with it. See if you can feel anything different. Clean the same way. Now think knees out on this. Nothing else but knees out. Okay, take it back to your chest. Now I want you to spread your feet out but an inch each foot. Just think knees out away from the blades of your feet. Might be a lot better. It might throw things off technically a lot. When someone comes to me and says, hey, I'm having knee pains or pretend it's an eye to something like that, one of the first things I'll ask is when does it hurt? And almost almost all strong men will say it hurts when I press. So they're pressing with an axle pressing with a log pressing with a dumbbell. I can almost always guarantee that the one thing that they are doing wrong is when they are right here with the log or the bar, their knees are going forward. And that puts all of that weight right there on the knee and the calf. And they don't have any drive up. So if all they can do is spread out, keep the chest. I tell people to present the chest when they are here. And they can actually use their legs to drive up and then push the log to go under. You mentioned you do a push press. Can you do a push jerk? Can you do a second dip? Yep. Let's see if it's still waking up with you. I think what the knees out, that's smooth. There's not really anything to correct on that. The only thing I tell people with the log is to continue to work on your strict press and your push press. Because nobody presses a 400 pound log with a jerk. So you're going to have strong shoulder, you're going to have strong triceps. You're going to have to be able to press because at the end of the day, everyone has to press out a heavy log. When you're working with a lightweight or for those very select few that can dip under it, always don't forget that you're not dipping just for the sake of dipping. You are driving up. And at that point, the log is almost free and you're actually just pushing yourself down. Try one more. There's probably isn't enough weight for you to be honest. But let's go, this is good. Try one more. And I want you to relax, keep your elbows up. A quick dip, not a slow dip, put down. But when you're here, make a quick knees out and drive under. But don't press until the log is you're at a full extension all the way up. Let's try one more time. Quick dip knees out, extend up and drop down. That's really, really fast. That's crazy fast. And actually, the double dip is hard to do with 110 pounds because if you drive all the way up with your body, yeah, it's going to fly up on its own. I really wish you guys would have found me someone that had a lot of problems with their log press because this guy's actually a really, really good log presser. And there's not much I can tell you to do. In your training, do you know what works for you on your log press? Yeah, what works best for me is when I separate on two separate days, heavy log pressing. So I'll do push pressing out of the rack. And on my other day, I'll do speed work with a lot of libraries. OK. Do you ever do any kind of incline log press? I don't. Press. OK. Well, if you know what works for you, there's absolutely not a single reason to change it. You could always learn that. You can always learn and try new things. So always kind of add something new in and see if it works. But I think you're on the right track, mate. Keep working on the strict press. Keep working on the push press. Get your shoulders stronger. Try set stronger. Do board presses work for you? Never tried. Never tried board presses. Yes, I just limited experience with it. There are not a board press with a log, but a board press just with a bench press. A lot of strong men have found that when their three board press was up, the new that their log press was up. If they had the leg drive, if they had the back string, that their technique was good, their technical day work on the log press. And their bench press was up, say the three board was up as well. The new that had the tri steps during the lockout, almost anything that you get above their head. I can see that. Definitely somehow trying to do it. OK, this is all I've got for this crazy guy. This guy is a way to do good thing to coach. Come back. We'll see you next time.