Okay, this question comes to us from a Robert Deventor. And Robert, we hear from a lot of people in the similar situation. Robert is a freshman in college, getting a degree in exercise science and also studying business administration. And he asked if he says, when I graduate, I want to start a gym for athletes. I don't want the soccer moms who want to get into their spring bikini body, which is great, but that is not the people group I am targeting. The gym would be where high school and college athletes can come. Many time of year off season, or in season, and trained to become champions. And they'd be trained by Robert and a team of X-A athletes who are now coaches with college degrees that he wants to assemble. His question is, is it gym like this marketable? And what are some of the steps that he can take to make himself more successful? Anything's marketable. I mean, years ago when I was a kid, people were selling fake shit and pet rocks and making millions. So anything's marketable. So the answer to that question. Yeah, how do you go about accomplishing what he wants to accomplish? He's already got a little bit of a vision established, just keep building on what that vision is, and build on, you know, dude, it's called a SWAT analysis to a SWAT analysis to determine what the strength weakness is opportunities and tendencies are for the market that you're looking at and see what your own personal strength weakness is opportunities and tendencies are as well, and then work from there. So you have a lot of your next-size science major, which is great because that's going to give you the background and the technical aspects and your business minor, which is also great, which is going to give you the basics on how to build on. But you have to start looking at how to pull those all together for what you want to accomplish and better define what you want to accomplish. I heard a lot of what you don't want, you know, you don't want the soccer mob, you don't want the sport, you don't want that. And I only heard a little bit about what you do want, which is, you know, athletes will kind of athletes and what level of athletes and, you know, I heard of the coaches and defined as ex-athletes, well, is that really going to be the coach that you want. You can't define, you can't loosely define who your target market's going to be, you got to tightly define who that's going to be, and you can't loosely define what your staff is going to be, ex-coaches, because that's not going to be the best way to find the best person to fit that role. You have to determine what is that role actually going to be? What are their job responsibilities going to be? What skills are they going to be required that they actually have to have? Not that you want them to have. What do they have to have? Because you can find somebody that has everything that you want, but then I would call that somebody who's overqualified to do the work he need to work and then you're payroll, so high you can't have, it's going to cost you $1,000 an hour for a very athlete. So better to find who that target market's going to be, who the staff is going to be, and what you actually want the business to be. And finally, what you want the business to mean, you know, because it can't just be, you want a business, because you want a business. There's going to be an underlying purpose or aim for what that business is, and it has to be something that's tightly, that's very tight with you and close to you that will be able to help you get through all the adversity that's out there. So determine what that primary aim is and then better defining those other things would be the advice I would give at this stage. I mean, keep studying, even after you graduate, you have to continue to study. Okay, and the soccer mom, Robert, probably be the financially easier route to go. I wouldn't say that's true. There's a lot of people who set up shop that can't get any client, and they'll go after the soccer moms or whoever they can be. And the worst thing that I think that you can do is to try to be, to try to be everything to everybody. And I think a lot of trainers that get into that situation, that's what they try to do. You know, they open shop if they have a gym or however they're doing it, they're going to take everybody because they need the income. I think that's okay if you're working for somebody else and you're working in the club. That way it can help better establish is this who you really want to train. You want to train athletes, you want to train athletes to make them better. Fine, I understand that. Do you also want to deal with the negative components of training athletes, which they're in those naked components are going to not be the same negative components that you would have with the soccer moms and so forth. So there's pros and cons of every target market. So you need to know what they are. So I guess another bit of advice I would give is maybe you want to work for somebody else for a while. So you can feel out what market you really do want to be in. Because what you think you want to be, we're not always what you really desire to be, when you get into the field. Because when you get into the field trust me, it's never what you think it is. Nobody thinks it's going to be great. This is awesome. And that all of a sudden, it's like, man, this sucks. You know, 80% of my clients suck. And typically that's probably the way it's going to be if it's athletes or not. So. Now let me ask you, he talks about the team of coaches and you have more experience with this than me. I can't think of any of any prominent facilities like this that has a bunch of people that you identify with it. Like you think of a different coach and you don't think of, you can't, I can't name any of the other coaches he has. They're I'm sure you ask some people up in them that are good, but it's kind of a Joe de Franco or Faruja. You've got, you know, with the fighters he works with. Sure he has people working with them. So what do you think of the marketing with a team of coaches? Is that a difficult thing to put together? No, I just think it's how you're going to brand your company, how you're going to brand what it is. You know, I, I could have called, you know, the company Dave Tate Sports Equipment or whatever you've got a years ago, but I decided against that. Because I didn't want to have a company that was going to be just me. I wanted a company that was going to be a whole bunch of other people trying to help others. So thus we decided to go with a name that wasn't tied to my name in any way whatsoever. There's advantages and once again disadvantages to having your own name. You know, one advantage is that your name's on the sign. All the customers always know if they should, it's the fan who to go to. You know, that's, that isn't advantage. You could be a disadvantage, but it's an advantage. At the same time it's going to lock you in to the valuation of what that company is, which has some disadvantages. If you ever want to go on to something else, sell the company, grow the company, you know, have a value more than what it is. So there's pros and cons. So if it's a team aspect, then I would brand it as a team aspect. To use another name, it would be, you know, Cosbro with Result Fitness. When Alan was sick, he didn't go to work for a year, you know, the business grew. So that's because it's not Alan Cosbro's training center. You know, it's results fitness. And it's, it's the program. And it's the training that does that. Right now, I think the most popular franchise in the country is Zumba. Well, you don't know who owns that. You don't know who a, and the trainers are. But yet it's the most popular franchise that's out there. So team concept can definitely work. If I personally had to choose one or the other, I would choose a team concept because I think long term that gives you more freedom. And it gives you more creativity because you can utilize your people better. And you're not going to end up with a group of people who may become really good, you know, underneath you. But then everything's associated with your name. But they want to build their name. So they're only resources to leave, you know, to be able to do that. And you'll still run in that and any team concept as well. But it's, it's a lot easier on the trainers underneath you and they're trying to build a brand and it's something that can get behind instead of they're trying to help you build your name, you know. And so it's, it's a personal preference of mine. So it's, it's the individual's choice. You open the business. It's pros and cons. And I would definitely look at both. Okay. Thank you, Robert. And we'd love for that.