Well, I'll go ahead and start. So some of the biggest things that I see is, and everything varies by the sport, right? You get the football player who comes in, who all these ever done is anything that makes him look good in a polo shirt. He's got nothing on the back side. Then you've got the opposite, and you've got the soccer player, tracksters, and they're ever lifted away in their lives. But a lot of the things that we really see is just overall, they've got no posterior chain on the back. So another thing I see all too often is the valgus, the knees collapsing, whenever they change direction. So that's the external rotiers of the hip. That's a major area. And then the other thing I'd see a lot of times are the kids that really like to lift in high school, but all they ever did was focus on the concentric. They've never lowered anything. So they're all stiff, and they can't ever sink their hips and move toward force. And it's different. Every sport has seems to have its own pattern, whatever I see coming in. I don't want you guys. I see a lot of lack of doing anything at all. So we're seeing kids coming in that don't even have the motor patterns to learn how to do these movements correctly. And it's just from not ever playing outside or being like when I was a little weird playing outside all the time right in their bikes. We just did climbing on the monkey bars and it's just that total lack of movement that I've seen the most that's most common across all of them. Yeah, I'm Tenako, those things. I think work capacity, the ability to these kids might be very specific at what they do, but the ability to do general work surprises me how little they have. I don't know if any of them will lawns anymore along those guidelines. And then the biggest thing for to make an athlete progress, I think, is have that work capacity. Because if you have work capacity then you don't have to take it fast and you can learn motor patterns fast. So you know, and this is all tied together. There's not, I don't think we all can agree. There's not one thing, but we have to get a few qualities to make sure that they can adapt to the training, do more posterior chain work and get all these motor patterns that need to be addressed, that these kids are lacking. It's shocking how much they're lacking in regards to just the training sense. And I don't know where the conundrum, whether you train a specific pattern for a while. I've seen that work. I've seen it where you train a bunch of different patterns and they get better, especially at the beginning, but you're like, I think it's individual too. If a kid doesn't pick up patterns, quick, you might want to stick with just a squat when you're bringing me. You know what I mean? We're another kid. Actually, I might make him strong with different exercises and training. And then I come back to the squat and he was good, but he's a really good athlete. So I'm not so sure the best way there is one way to fix all this. It's really individual if you look at it. So, but I just know that if they can get strong and weak positions and then they're work capacity in the ability for them to get better to train longer, harder, or even to adapt to the training faster than I mean, you can't go wrong there. Because I mean, as you guys know, we have four years to deal with a kid. I mean, I have a lot of pro hockey players, kids that will leave after two. And I have to get them ready as fast as possible in the first thing that come in even hockey players are great hard workers, but they're general work capacity. They're great in lactate. They're great in hockey, but the general, the aerobic base is such a suffering. Two. Going off of that, I don't know if you guys saw it back in the fall. And the New York Times came out of an article about how the fitness has decreased so much in the youth that the mile times, the average mile time, like that presidential fitness test that they do, it was like a minute slower than it was like 15 years ago. And they're talking to the compared to throughout the decades of what the basic aerobic fitness was. And it was crap. And one of the things that they theorized is that you actually saw the break with, you know, not a Tory, but like when Nintendo kicked in and everybody started playing, you know, Sega and all those awesome video games like Contra back in the back. I've down left right, left right, right. Right. That's, there was a clear delineation that all of a sudden at that point fitness sort of drop it off. It's a society thing, I guess. Indoor's too much. Not playing. Yes. I mean, it's great hand, I coordination. But dumb I cornered right. But it's not necessarily the, the work capacity that they're aerobic based. And as you know, look, I'm big into what most people call repeaters spend a ability. I think it's just, I term it max effort, repeatability. So then if you're a power lifter, if you can hit six more singles because your aerobic fitness is, is better at a high quality rate than you're going to get stronger. So if you can run six, four reason then drop off and can't run any faster or you can run 20, who's going to, before you drop off, who's going to get faster? So obviously the guy that does more quality work. And to me, it's all about the aerobic based fitness levels than the conundrum, which hopefully I'll dress this weekend, is that how do I work the aerobic base in a world-class shop putter and not running five miles. Okay. And that's, that's what I'll address and give people ideas to make their own training protocols because of that. But that aerobic base is so important. And that can just be done by, and there's adaptations to walking 30 minutes a day. Oh yeah. Even into the lactate system, I think it's in CT transport one or whatever, maybe. It's crazy what they found and just being active, just being movement. That's the big thing.