Mark Watts, Derek Billner, lead at DS.com. Today we're going to go over some progressions for single-leg squats. So this is really for beginners and really level one type exercise. So we're going to go over three basic ones here. First one's going to be an assisted pistol squat using either brass straps, ropes, any kind of apparatus you have to hold on. You can actually do this as a combo movement and have the athlete perform a row. Keep things, make sure those shoulder blades are back, pockets, good scap or a traction. And make sure again, the other leg will counterbalance to allow that athlete to sit back, keeping that weight on the heel. The second one's going to be just a step up. And we end up doing with our step up, so that I learn to walk out. There's a couple things we want to be able to do. Number one, when we set up initially, we want the bottom toe. So, align with the top heel. If that makes sense, what happens is, if I get that front leg forward too much, we had to have it a lot of bend in that knee. And now we'll keep a more vertical shid angle, keep that knee aligned with the toe a little better. So before that perform the exercise, that to have the hands out for bounce, great. Hands on the hips, if they have their hands up top obviously, that makes the exercise a little more difficult. But really, before he performs a movement, he's going to go ahead and make sure he door seat flexes that foot. I'm going to push with the top heel, stand up on the way down, accent with the negative, five, three to five seconds, whatever you prefer. But again, make sure you're driving through that top heel coming straight up, squeeze in the glue at the top. You can do this on the side of a bench, you can add up having two athletes work at the same time. Last one, going to be a reverse lunge. I like the reverse lunge because the athlete has a weight on the front leg. So when they step back, they have a good shid angle and they can drive through the heel straight up. A lot of times with a four lunge, they have to push backwards. And again, this way they can push straight up, keeping that weight on the front heel. Stepping back, make sure they step back as far as they can. Keep those shoulders back, keep a good, there are two social media by perfect, particular to the ground. So try those three out again. Those are three really good ones. If you have some younger athletes that you're trying to progress to some more complicated or more intense workouts. We're going to do part two of our single leg squat series. And this is probably the next level up. So this might be for more advanced athletes or more athletes that are ready for your training at a little higher level. So three next shots we'll go over right now. The first one is to be a single leg boss squat. One of my favorites. And again, the athlete's just going to go ahead and perform a single leg boss squat again. I'm all the way down, sit on the box, and push through the heel as they come on. When they come up they can bring their arms back down. The way they don't have to be very heavy they're just as a counterbalance for the most part. So the next is going to be what we call some people, Charmed as a skater squat. So really now it's going to be kind of like a pistol on the order to attend that back leg off the back then. Now with this exercise, you're going to have a little more knee bend. You're going to have a little more pressure on that squat. But again, try to get that athlete to push off the front heel. And again, you can use ways as a counterbalance as well. The last one is going to be just a basic pistol squat. Now with the pistol squat, again, it's a little more advanced. Some athletes are going to be more able to do these if they're elephant. That way they can just hang their leg off the side. So having a feet on the side of the box, it might be able to do it a little bit better. Same thing, you can use the way there's a counterbalance. And again, make sure you're pushing through the heel and then standing up, posture it all ponds. Big compensation pattern within these single leg movements is that knee come a too far forward, which you're going to have a little bit. Just make sure you're aware of it. And then also the posture. Again, just with the shoulder legs, that T-spine mobility, make it sure again, the athlete is aware of posture at all ponds. So those are three more single leg exercise. You can do a minimal equipment. So try those out for a team setting.