We've been involved in the kettlebell sport probably since about 2007. It was something that we kind of get interested in just as a fitness aspect to start off with. And as we got more into it and started to train with them a little bit, we all get certified actually as a coach in the beginning and was exposed to the kettlebell sport. A lot of people don't really know what it is. It's a brutal sport. It's a 10 minute sets of the competition lifts are basically you can do long cycle, which is a clean and jerk style lift. Usually for the pro men you use 232 kg kettlebells and you do a 10 minute set of clean and jerks without button the bells down. It's probably the best tools that you can use as far as I'm concerned for for increasing your work capacity and conditioning and shedding some body fat. I guess the by-athlon you do two sets, two ten minutes sets. One is just with the top half of the clean and jerk, which is just the jerk and then you do a 10 minute set of snatches. You can only do one hand change in 10 minutes. So there's a lot of technique involved and you know to be able to last that long 10 minutes. It's an incredible amount of technique that you have to learn in order to be able to survive and it's basically survival. In my opinion if you incorporate some kind of strength training or like power lifting for example and you want to add kettlebells in for your conditioning and increasing your work capacity I don't think there's a better combination that you could you could ever use. So we both competed. We both done really well. We've competed all over the place Chicago, New York, Columbus at the Arnold's for a couple of years. Michigan, Niagara Falls all over so. It's quite a learning experience. I mean, well he was saying last night too that when I was training with kettlebells I waited when I went for my physical of the fire department at 202. So I'm about 275 and change right now. So it really does shred you up pretty good. I'll let you go for a little bit. Thanks. kettlebells are not only just good for the competition but they're good for rehabilitation as well. When Ken first started with the kettlebells I was actually injured. I had just over gone major back surgery. I had rods and bolts and started to my back. So after I had to go ahead from the doctor to start weight training again I started with kettlebells. Very quickly I became stronger resilient and using the sport kettlebell and the sport moves. I was quickly able to within six months I tried my first competition with kettlebells. That was with still my back still being in rehabilitation mode. So they're great too. They're great for your joints. They're great for your ligaments. I teach people kettlebells and if you've got a frozen shoulder kettlebells will help. There's a difference between fitness kettlebells as well as the competition kettlebells. I was approached a couple years ago if I wanted to teach kettlebells at the gym in a fitness environment. I was a bit hesitant because Ken and I like to go bigger stay home. We have that kind of mentality. So as far as a fitness kettlebell goes the difficulty is as people you're able to use the kettlebells without as much technique involved. So you're able to lift a lighter weight but not proper technique. So I was kind of hesitant at first but then I thought, you know I'm going to give this a shot and see what I can do with it. So I ran with the fitness classes but I still teach the kettlebell sport moves. I encourage my people to use a heavier kettlebell. I still teach the proper technique but with the fitness belts still allowing people to learn properly but not as strong people in the fitness environment is obviously as a sport. What the most grueling part of this kettlebell sport is this 10 minutes. You watch a power lifting lift watch somebody lift you know deadlift is 15 seconds. You watch so many compete for 10 minutes. It's long it's boring I'm not going to lie. So Ken and I decided that we need to change up the sport so we opened our own club called North American O'L'Cettable Club and we decided to run an event and our event was a five minute set. So we decided to let people try and lift a heavier weight but only go for half the time. That actually was very successful and we actually grew the sport and now some of the bigger federations are running a five minute event. So we were the first team first coupled to actually bring that five minute set into the kettlebell sport. So pretty proud of that. I teach Ken about probably six times a week. I have a team. We support compete. We coach, we've got a workshop. Ken and I do a lot of workshops for charity. Cancer this week we're doing a kettlebell workshop for benches for benefits. We're doing that for the youth, now some youth group. That's all everything we get donated to the youth and yeah it's a two hour workshop. So we just love to live and pass on. That's what I like what we do.