Okay, what we're going to go through is a series of preparatory exercises for throwing the shop foot for a beginner. So the first exercise that we're going to do is it is a two-handed between the legs backwards, overhead, shop foot, throw. What they're all doing, we'll take the shop foot both hands, use kind of a used kind of kettlebell, swinging motion, dropping the hips, and then throwing the shop foot, exploding it up backwards over her head. What this exercise, what this exercise will do, it'll get the handle used to being explosive from the hips and in a long and long range of motion. So the next exercise that we're going to do is similar to the underhand backwards dough, is the underhand forward throw. The stance will be the same except the throw will be facing the direction of the throw. Once again, just a shop foot, both hands, squat down, bring the shop up between the legs, and then using an explosive jumping motion, we'll swing the ball and throw the ball away from her forwards. That direction. One thing to remember is that when doing these exercises, is that how the distance is you can throw overhead backwards, be as close as as far as you can throw, overhand forwards. Now the next exercise we're going to do is we're going to do a square stance standing shop foot throw, without using the legs. So the throw will take the shop foot, place the hand, about where the pads are, place the shop foot onto her neck. From here, you're going to raise your left arm and the direction that she wants to throw, and then she will show fire from the shoulder exploding through the wrist and then flicking the ball out at the end. This takes the legs out of the motion, so you really get to work as to get to really focus on the release of the throw. Now the next exercise, the progression from the square stance is a staggered stance, shop foot throw. So from this position the shop foot will take the power foot, which is opposite the throwing hand, put that front of the body step back with the leg of the same hand, use the throw. Once again, placing the shop foot onto the neck, we will drive from the hip forward, keep from the left arm up, and then driving the shop foot out of the direction of the throw. This step in the progression adds a little bit more lower body action to the throw, and you should notice that once you use a staggered stance, you're able to deliver the shop foot one lot more explosive fashion, where your shop will also go a lot farther. Now the last step up for the gaze in this progression is a regular standing throw. Now a position of the throw will be more of a sideways stance with a feet being staggered, so the power foot, which is the front that's behind the shop foot. If you're right handed to be a right leg, we'll be facing it approximately 90 degrees of the left foot. The toes are left foot will be even with the end step of your right foot, so that when you actually turn your hips in the direction of the throw, your feet should be at a position where you can take a step forward and walk in a straight line. Now for here you'll take the shop foot and place it up on your neck. You'll put your weight on your right leg, twist it to your right. So you twist it to the right. Do you want to drop your shoulders? So the kind of like you're picking up something heavy from the ground. From this position you're going to drive your hips forward and the direction of the throw, and then you'll drive your shoulder elbow and foot into the ball finally with the wrist. Keep in mind the athletes pull of water, not a shop foot or the first time to do this. Well coach, cool question, what weight are you using the same weight as they would normally throw with? Do you change the weight? For a female athletes, most female athletes are strong enough to be able to use a 4K shop foot, which is what the women throw in international competition. If you're working with high school, high school boys, you can use a 12 pound shot, and if you're working with athletes more in college, you may not be throwers. If they're not multi-benters, you can use it. You can use a 12 pound shot for teaching for them because it's a little bit heavier, but if they're going to be multi-benters, then you want to get them used to using the heavier, the 16 pound shot, because this is the International League. Okay, so it shouldn't be any different than what they would normally use in college. That's correct. Okay, good, thank you.