Hey there there's Steve Coltscotts for aletefts.com. We're talking again with Chad Aix and Chad. My question for you this time out is what traits make a champion, Litter? That's a good question. For me it's heart. I know a lot of people that I've seen that I've trained or that I wanted to train, that have great genetics. And I'm like, man, I could make this guy. Freak. They never make it because they don't have any heart. So I've gotten to the point where when I'm looking to train somebody, if I see somebody with a potential, I'm looking more for heart and will over genetics. I don't give a crap about genetics anymore. I don't feel like I had amazing genetics. I didn't have horrible genetics, but the only thing the reasons I did what I did is because I got heart and I got a crap little will. Some of my best lifts are done. My best official squat was done with my hamstring shredded because I wasn't going to quit. I didn't give a f what happened. I was going to lift and I was going to get that lift no matter what. And I think that's one of the best traits of a champion. A champion is not going to worry about anybody else. They're not going to worry about what's wrong. And they're on the field, on the platform. It's a battlefield. And they're going to rip shit up. I mean, they're not going to stop. They're not going to quit. They're going to go into their dead or they get you what they want. So I think the mental aspect, heart, will, that's all. That's what makes a champion. Can you see that in some of the eyes that wrote some of our? Yeah. More than anything I can see when they don't have it. I've seen a live lifted with a lot of people. And I considered stronger than me, especially when I was coming up. And I would watch him go up to the barn. I'm like, nope. They should get this, but there's no way they will. And they never did. What were some names that impressed you as far as they're willing? They're 19. Brett Myxel impressed me a lot. When I came up, he was one of the first guys that I actually saw squad of thousand. And then he broke the record. I think at a thousand 41. And then kept breaking it up to like 1171. And a guy who comes out into platform and goes, I don't give a shit. What anyone else ever did, I'm going to do this. That's will. That's a guy that's saying screw everyone. I know I can do it and I'm going to do it. And he basically did that with that record, which was hugely impressive to me. I mean, anybody that goes out there and does that Ryan Cannelly was a strong, strong competitor and did like people would say, you can't do that. He'd be like middle finger, watch me. And that's the kind of attitude I respect a lot. A lot of these guys, they seem to their careers are not long lived. No. What was that? Because I think this sport destroys your body. The things we do are crazy. I mean, my natural body weight, I usually walk around before I started a power lift and was anywhere from 240 to 270. And I was competing, I was 385. Even now I'm at 330. I mean, that's still even though I'm not fat, at least not hugely fat. That's a lot of weight to carry. And in the amount of weights we're lifting, the stress on our something nervous system, the stress on our adrenal system, I mean, it takes a lot of wear out of you. I saw an interview with, I think, was Magnus from Magnus one time, who said basically, you got 10 years. Because I don't care when you start, you got 10 years. It's like the stress and beating that we put on our body. It's just a lot. But then you got guys like Chuck Vogelpool, who I go, I don't know how the hell this dude keeps doing this. He's an animal. Because he just keeps going and doing it. Me, I'm at about 11 or 12. And I'm struggling to tell you. It's trying to rework everything at this point. Appreciate it, Thomas. No problem.