I would have to say the most beneficial adjustment I've made to my training and powerlifting in general, it's just letting my personality and my individuality come through, not trying to shelter who I am. I remembered when I was coming up in powerlifting, I was pretty nervous to let my personality show through and meet, especially the bigger meets. There was a particular guide, our gym, that would tell me that most federations didn't allow people to have facial drool or colored hair or stuff like that. Obviously it was just the fact that I'm not wanting me to represent our gym looking like that. But having the confidence to be myself and step outside of the norm had tremendous effect on my confidence which led to the platform. So just being myself and being an individual really helped my confidence which in turn helped my training. For me, probably two things coming along, getting my care and side therapy that worked for me for quite some years. If I hadn't did that, I would probably dealt with injuries. Only injuries I've had is a small amount of stuff, nothing major. So I think those two things helped me out tremendously, to write State Healthy and I'll take care of my body. Next thing was in the deadlift, I made a huge jump when I switched to the hook grip. It allowed me to pull a lot more weight so that was a pretty big thing on my total. So that was the next piece thing. It might short four years. There's only so much that I could screw up or do right. So it's a short list. But I trained college get for two years and I didn't really have the knowledge base to keep that moving and keep that working for me. So as my list is buttered out, got around some guys and asked some questions and found a program that worked for me, a volume intensive and a peak type of mentality. So that along with within that program getting my technique better, not missing reps and training, just again building momentum going into a meat has been a big help. My biggest adjustment was that I had to understand or learn that for me that reducing my time under the bar would help me out. So I decided to learn that the quantity wasn't so important as the quality of the lifts or reps that I was doing. So I learned that for myself, I had to adjust the percentages I was handling, how much I was handling the volume I was doing and just so as not to beat myself up so much and be able to actually make progress without spending so much time in rehab and so on and so forth. So it's actually worked out so far. Because adjustments that I've had over the years, the last few years has definitely been nutrition based. I've noticed that when I take really careful consideration of my nutrition, not just around a meat cycle for weight class management, but just throughout the year, my body feels better, less achy and my recovery is a lot better. So nutrition has been huge for me and then the other one is just listening to my body. I think it's really easy for us as power lifters to just kind of plow through training and sometimes go a little too far, but really listening to my body when it needs a day to back off, listen and recover and it helps, it will help me stay in this sport for as long as I've been. I have to say diversity again. Okay. Diversity. I think the biggest beneficial change for me has been surrounding myself, the diverse group of individuals and training. I think to me people surround themselves with people who all think the same way or the same strength level or trained the same way. So I think it's been good to surround myself with other people who can give you things that you would otherwise not get if you just surround yourself with people just like you all a time. So I think that's been a good beneficial thing. Thanks, Joe. There's a couple adjustments that have made the biggest effect on my lifting. Since I've been competing for almost 20 years, the first 10 I spent mainly training on my own when I worked at the Y and the adjustment that by far made the biggest difference was being able to open my own gym with Adderlando Barbell and being able to train with like-minded individuals who had similar goals who were able to challenge each other and critique each other that by far has made the biggest difference. The other adjustment has been just working with different training methods to find out what's worked best for me, which has been primarily using a gradually increasing range of motion based off percentages that's helped to really to allow me to have such longevity in the sport and help to prevent injuries. Sitting next to Bob Young says change my life. I can see that. I think like the lead FTS really the network of people, creating a huge network all the people here, going to meet, learning, everything from other people in warm-up rooms, Bob talking how to deadlift. Even though you're around people in your gym, you kind of do get caught up in that same type of mentality where even if you have people of different thought processes, everything gets looked at the same. When you go to meet, you have new eyes, new people, you expand your network and your knowledge. The lead FTS really has helped me do that. I think that really just being part of the team is the biggest thing that changed my training and gave me a no-one knowledge base. The biggest positive change I've made in the last few years is to take a more consistent approach to meet. In the past, I used to be a little bit more concerned with single lift PRs and I'd go for single lift PRs on every left. I'd make them here and there, but I wasn't having consistent meets. I wasn't really putting together big totals the day of the meet. Switching that year or so ago, really boosted my meet performance. I wasn't making quite the single lift PRs I used to in the past, but my total wound up coming much more ahead than it had before. Thank you. For me, I think the biggest item would be seeking out the strongest people you can find to train with. It started for me when I moved to Columbus and started training at West Side Barbell. Then it continued when I moved to Florida after that. I really sought out the strongest people I could find and some of those people are in this room. I remember Brian and Joe, I would go up to Orlando now and then they'd come down to Palm Beach County and train with us a little bit and some of the guys, the younger guys on the team, Brandon Smith and Joe and Casey get together. Not only the environment of that given workout, but the knowledge base you acquire through just the practical application of what you're trying to do. You can't get that in a book, a DVD or a video. So many times since I've been involved in this sport, I've talked to somebody who said, oh, I work hard and you get them in the gym and they don't understand what hard work is until they see it. So I think seeking those people out, those people who have had success and have become strong, being able to be around them, learn from them and see how they become a success is most important to me.