This is Mark Walsh from Medapis.com. We're at 11.5 minutes of Columbus, Ohio. We're at South Dakota. We're going to go over a couple different drills to reinforce lateral speed mechanics, especially with the start and where the transition is, to change the direction. So again, a couple of misconceptions when you're teaching athlete to go ahead and sprint, laterally starting in a square stance, it's pretty at a 90 degree angle. So a couple of things. The first thing happens in the athlete again is that basically it's as a stance. The first thing happens is if we have an athlete step with their front foot, so if I step with my right foot first, what happened is when I do that, go ahead to that. I actually take it a step, but I really have a gone to you. I had changed my center of gravity. It's still right on the bottom of the same spot. So again, we have athletes at step with that front foot. So we're taking a step to have a really gone anywhere. Second of the states that happen is a lot of times to ask that you can be the right side of stance. They'll go ahead and they'll just turn their feet first. They'll turn their feet before they sprint. Now they've taken time to go ahead and change where their shoulders get their shoulders where they have a gone anywhere. Secondly, we have a lot of friction between, if you have, please, on turn field or, you know, tennis shoes on a hardwood court. So again, that friction, that turning, again, just waist time, waist center. So what we're left with is the third option. It says that is it. You have to sit in an athletic stance and they're going to go through a cross over set. So they're going to basically take their back knee, push that forward, drive that front knee forward, and that right elbow back. And they're going to go ahead and take the step across over step that out, so drench, make sure their heels don't come, or their hips don't come up, make sure the center of gravity is well. There is a problem with this. Come on back out. There's a problem with this is that if I'm going to set up foot extends and I go to take the cross over step. What happens is he has to pull, with that back, with that front leg. So he's almost has to add up. And again, we know that again, our athletes again, just a deduction, not as strong as saying on my squat. He kind of had other lower body exercises. He's so we got some lead tack on. So what happens is he's still pulling with that, with that leg. We want to be able to push with that front leg. So we'll want the athlete to do his literally shift, and push through his in that direction. So now he gave my leg. And I get that chin-end now, back toward the center of gravity, right, the center of my back. So again, now I have a push back forward. I have my leg on that front leg. And now, instead of pulling, bring that foot as 80 dutch, and now I'm pushing. And that chin-end is into the ground, and it didn't back. Because again, if I want to produce force, if I want to go without direction, I have to force force in the opposite direction, do so. So now, just by shifting, and then do go ahead, and do that cross over step, let's. Now, I've enabled myself to get more power with that front step. So I've shifted my leg, I've gone ahead, and take that first step in that direction. So that's one of the things that we do is important to go ahead, and make sure that you're shifting your center of gravity in the direction we want to go. So how you reinforce this with a couple drills. The first thing we want to do is again, what we just shown, we'll go ahead and after it done the straight up, I'll three-quarters speed, but again, just pushing my hips in the direction I want to go, and then, and then sprinting out, make sure again, my center of gravity doesn't come up. I've ripped that elbow back, I get my shoulders squared. The direction I'm going to go, I don't want to run solid. So the next step with that, will be instead of just shifting my leg, now go ahead with the red direction step, so I'll go ahead and just jump stop, and redirect, and redcent my feet in out, so direction. So again, the acting, and you'll give the acting a two-go. So again, the first will be ready. Go, go, you got to push it up. So again, you don't have to necessarily jump back, but all you want to do is breathe position your feet to change gravity. So instead of shifting your gravity to your front leg, now you're repositioning your feet, so you're shifting gravity to your front leg by moving your feet back, so that they've said so. The next step with that would be to have the assicc either shuffle two, let's give that one even shuffle two, the line, and then sprint, but you're all going to be without to move this leg. Now you're going to shuffle back to the star line, and we'll have him free. So now it's a coach. I can reinforce that position. I can reinforce that. I can have the assicc confer on where the center of gravity is. So again, he's going to shuffle back in three, and I'll give him a second go to sprint out. Ready go? Free is not. I've got to check by. I know where my shenanigans are, my waist is distributed to the direction I want to go. Go, you get out to sprint out. So again, that's a big, that's a big, a big, a big, a big misconception is that these more push out to back foot. And again, that's the beginning work between two and eight times your body weight, depending on where you're going to chop through. I don't want to stop all my men on my back leg to be able to push. So I want to get to the position right, and so on myself down the front leg, back to push off the front leg and drive, come a more brown on one step. The next thing is that the last one will show same, same drill, instead of pausing. Now these are just going to go ahead, and shove through that line, and then sprint back. Where to go, push, push, push off. All right. What you can do transition is now you can get the out things to go. Hold the front to the line, stop, plant, touch a line, lift your prepping for a calm line. For example, you can transition that. But again, start it from a starting position. I want to shift my body weight to our reposition, my feet to our shovel to the line, shovel back to the line from the direction I'm sprinting. And then lastly, I will go for the sprint. If you're teaching specifically 5, 10, 5, or 3, 10, for calm line prep, there are stores going to be different. They're already going to be leaning. They're already going to have to hand it a line. That's going to be an adnion, but again, for as a precursor to a change of direction. This is very similar to that position. Very similar to what you find in the desoleration method that Martin Luther really did in the, with the breezy species videos that are still even a decade over, still gold. So again, just make it sure that again, my plan started being distributed to the direction that I want to sprint. So hold those rules help you, and ask for a coaching standpoint. You can couple quick things that you can break down and find in the large group of athletes to help them improve their change of direction.