So one of the things that you'll notice is that it's different is that these kettlebells here are competition kettlebells. You'll notice that they're all the same size, all the bell diameter is the same. It's all the same handle size, 35 millimeter handles on them. So when you're doing the sport, as you progress up and weight and you're progression with your lifting, you can go up to a different size bell. So these kettlebells are like 12 kgs for the blue ones, 16 kgs, 20 kgs, 24 kgs, up to 53 pounds. So we have them in home up to sets up to 40 kgs, 88 pounds, and we have some heavier ones in that as well too. So you'll notice that when you start to get into utilizing proper technique, that instead of changing bell diameter size and handle size and everything that your hand fits in the same way in every handle and your bell diameter is the same so you can continue with the same technique. One of the things that you want to do when you're lifting a kettlebell is a lot of people want to just grab it in the middle like a dumbbell. But you'll notice that if you pick the kettlebell up it will slide back and it puts a lot of pressure on your wrist if you go up into an overhead pressing movement. So what you're trying to do, what the optimum thing to do when you land the kettlebell is you put it up into the horseshoe of your hand and you press the kettlebell against your forearm. So your long bone takes a pressure instead of putting it all in your wrist. So when you put it up over hand, you're actually your hand is relaxed and all the weight is on the long bone and you're trying to keep all the weight on your skeletal system versus your muscular system. Because once you start to use your muscular system it starts to break down and you start to fatigue a lot faster. So sure as just doing some overhead jerks there to show you. So every time whether you're cleaning the bell, if you want to clean it, you clean the bell, you're bringing up. You're always going to try and land it so it's the same all the time. So it takes a little bit of technique to get to using it properly. And like we said, if you're using it for fitness, there's different things that you can do that doesn't require as much technique if you're only doing a few reps. But when you get into the sport training, the biggest thing is that you're starting to train for time and reps per minute versus just doing 10 reps at a time. So sure as just doing a double hand swing there and you notice that we don't like to go any times past the shoulder. You see some of the crossfit people elect to bring your bell right over top of their head and they hyper extend their back. It's kind of a dangerous movement. So what she's doing here though with one hand is everything is used for the hips. So you're always generating power through your heels and your feet up into your hips. So you're never lifting anything just with your shoulder. You're not pulling it up. All you're doing with your hand is just keeping that kettlebell in the position that you want it to be in. So she's just doing alternating, alternating at one arm swings there. And the thing with the kettlebell is that you'll notice is that when you get training with them as a, there's no, there's no downtime. You're continuously moving. You're continuously breathing. You can see that she's breathing. She's not holding your breath because if you hold your breath at any time, especially when you get into longer sets and it's going to impair your ability to go for your 10 minute set. So there's a lot of different movements that you can do. If we wanted to sport training, we'll show you, Sherry is going to show you how to do that the females do the long cycle. And basically you only get one hand change in a 10 minute set. So she would start off with, usually like to start off with my weaker side, but a long cycle is like a clean and jerk. So it's similar to what you use with a barbell except you get the actual extended range of motion with bringing the kettlebell back. But you see when she brings it down, she's absorbing it with her body and using your hips to bring it back up. And then it's just the jerk movement where she accepts the weight on the way up with her knee bend. So she would do this for five minutes on one side and then switch and go to the other side. So lots of fun. Definitely a great workout. If we want to demonstrate what the snatch looks like, Sherry, and the difference between men and women in competition is that women get to use one kettlebell at a time. Guys get to use two kettlebells at a time. So it's a little bit more challenging and a little bit different technique to get it going. To get two kettlebells working at the same time. You can already see that she's already out of breath just doing that little bit. So it's a great conditioning tool. The greatest thing that you like about these things is that they're simple. And if you're going to win a holidays or whatever, you know, we used to go away on trips and just put a few kettlebells on the car, two or three kettlebells and you can kill yourself with a 20 minute workout. So the snatch is the same thing. It's a little bit different actually. But she's using her hips to generate that kettlebell right overhead in one movement. So the difference is here is that you'll see that when the kettlebells up here, when she drops it down, it weighs a lot more at the bottom. And so she has to find a way to accept that weight and slow that kettlebell down on the way down to accept it because the weakest part of that movement is your grip at the bottom. So you see a lot of people as they start with a teagg, you're going to lose the kettlebell at the bottom as your set goes on. You see in power lifting when you do your deadlift, some people will utilize the thumb lock, like the overhead thumb lock. So when you're at the bottom, actually when she's going underneath there, she's doing a finger lock on the kettlebell underneath. But there's a lot of technique to that. You're not trying to bring the kettlebell out. You're actually trying to bring that kettlebell up as close to your body as you can. So you're generating it up, you're throwing it up with your hips. All right, well, you're going to go a little bit heavier. Of course, if she's going to go a little bit heavier, so this is 16 kg, 35 pounds. So she's allowed to go up into her snatch. She can also accept the weight with her, with a knee bend underneath. If it gets a little bit heavier, so if she starts to fatigue a little bit in the end of her set, she can start to utilize a knee dip a little bit more to get that kettlebell up into a lock up position. But in a lock up position, everything is trying to keep the weight on your skeletal system to put the least amount of strain on your body. And you'll see that you can hear that she's breathing. You're always trying to breathe. So there's several breathing cycles that you're trying to do. You breathe it out at the top, breathing out at the bottom, and breathing up in between. You never stop breathing when you're doing your set. Otherwise it starts to compromise your ability to go for longer periods of time. Uh... Thehilưở ae 😐