Music Steve Colzcat here for elitefts.com. We are doing video inquisitions with Shelby Starns. Shelby sponsorships are something they're fairly new and powerlifting but they've been around in bodybuilding for about two decades. You have a little bit of experience with this. What would you recommend people do in order to get a supplement sponsorship? How can they increase their odds? You know, my advice on sponsorship so it really comes down to what value you can provide to the company that's sponsoring you. You know, all the time we see guys that have accomplished big things, one big contest placed well at contests and they don't have a sponsor. And that's because they haven't figured out a way to provide value to their sponsor to the company. You know, companies don't just have a bunch of money that they want to throw out at people that have one contest that doesn't make good business sense. It needs to provide value to them. It's just like any other job you might have. No one's going to pay you to work for the company if you're not doing anything for the company. And to follow up on that, what's when your sponsor by a company? What are the responsibilities that the athlete has to that company? And what responsibility does the company have to the athlete? And how does the sponsor athlete know that he's getting a fair deal? What type of things do we be looking for? So what responsibilities does the athlete have? It's all spelled out in the individual contract. It will vary from one sponsorship contract to another. You know, some might require you to do in store supplement. You know, showcases once a month for four hours or whatever. And another might not require you to do that at all. They might require you to write articles for their website or do training videos or something else. It's all spelled out in the contract. So that's what will determine your responsibilities both for the athlete and for the company. The contract will also spell out what you'll get in return. You know, what your sponsorship is. Maybe you get $500 a month in supplements in return for doing, you know, whatever it is. Or maybe they pay you a small amount each month. It's also, it should all be spelled out in the contract. That's what determines what both parties responsibilities are. And finally, what should the athlete do to ensure that he has a long term career. Obviously, companies don't always stick to the athlete. He might be with someone for one year. Do you think that their value decreases if they bounce from company to company and what can they do to ensure that someone's going to keep them? Yes, for making it a long term relationship, making sure you keep your sponsorship. It's just a matter of continuing to provide value to them, you know, meeting your responsibilities and, you know, maybe exceeding your responsibilities. You know, constantly trying to come up with ways and doing things that will help promote their company. Whatever it is.