Here with Adam Diggers, tell us a little bit about this is at Orlando Barbell. Where were you at? Time-wise in this. How far after a meet, how far prior to? Well, my meet was in March 2013. So, you know, we were just, I think about three months out at this point. Kind of back from an injury, so this was really my first test in the suit on the deadlift. Actually, suit or roll as far as anything heavy in the pool. So, that's what I'm about. It's also about the injuries you're trying to overcome. Yeah, actually, I toward the posterior longitudinal ligament from the spine at L304, L405, it just actually just pour the ligament off the spine. No surgery or anything could fix it, it just has to go back on its own. At this point, I was told I would be as healed as I was going to be. And so it was just kind of testing to see where I was at. And, through background, we saw tissue work or anything. Is there anything that can help? Yeah, I'm trying to keep loose wooden thoughts, tension, a little bit of stretching and some worse that came from Dr. McGill. Okay. And what type of things are you finding as weakness is in your dead because of those injuries? Um, my low back is weak. I'm having some issues at the top, but I'm trying to correct with hip work to overcome the weakness from the lower back right at Lachel. And, um, my hamstrings are a little off right now and I think that's just from the calm that I had had to take off because of the injury. Did you happen to ever see the movie League of Extraordinary Gentlemen? Yeah, I happen to have. The Ryan Swob looks a lot like Captain Emma with that fear. All he uses is a turd. Maybe he kind of does. Yeah. What do you see yourself going forward with what type of changes are you doing here for over there? I right now I'm really throwing in a lot more hamstring work and hip work as far as the dead liches concerned. Just getting a lot of stuff that I did not do before trying to strengthen those areas to bring my dead lip back up. Okay. We look forward to seeing what kind of feedback the rest that team gives us. Okay. Thanks, man.