It's a sweet, what the, we have to think of as compound, the day after the second power of the experience. When you're a beginner, you can do anything in these words. So that's the easiest thing. That's just really easy. But when you're a experience, as far as guys, as far as I'm concerned, benching one time heavy, one time moderate to lighter speed day. But we put the women, and I know for a fact, it takes a lot of volume. A lot of volume to me helps to women. Because I have women benched more reps throughout the week. They'll do sets of, I mean, I haven't do like a vissinal of season or this, you know, out from the week. It benched three times a week. You know, always be sets of five, three to five sets of five, whatever you're probably like, 80% on the other days on the heavy day. You know, you go with every, okay, season goes all out there and you're like an 80% there. I do a weather my program is it's not per week because there's a nine day motorcycle instead of the seven day one week motorcycle cycle. Okay, so it's basically nine days of rotates and allows you to work. So you can hit pressing really hard twice in a period of time. However, one of them is actually a true strength training day. One is either like a high-purchase a few days with really high reps, or a speed day. You know, we're trying to like change for speed. It's so many ways to do it. But it's basically what you just said twice a week. Right, right, right, right. But I have to three that'll be the same things. You have to be okay for one month or three. And you could do that for beginners. Right. It'll be two of them. It's in moderate days and in the other day, it'll be heavy day. And then because like they'll just be, and maybe even to heavy day, it'll be like 85%. Or like time out, you know, like 85% set of five. That's a little bit different than 80% of five worse, you know, 78. Right. So this is a progressive day. Right. Two of the way we do it is you start the first week with a baby. And then it's basically this progressive, or at a weight of a week. Exactly. So that's so it'll be like maybe 85% by the time they have to do it with six cycles. Okay, whatever. It could be maybe a two and a half percent like that. But they're doing four doubles and then all that. I said also it was a basically almost a high-purchase piece at the beginning. And it gets down to where they can only do maybe three. So four doubles and three with 85% is a good amount of volume. True. Yeah. So that's working out pretty well that way and so freculating. You know. So many different ways to do it. And yeah, there's no. Basically we have guidelines, you know, the product and chart is like the whole week row of how many reps you need to hit in a certain percentage range. Right. And if you hit that amount of lifts, you know, in the way that it's laid out, it's going to work. Any scheme works. That's just kind of found a novel way to do it itself. I think so. I don't have to always have my hands. I work with on my team. I have 15 lifters on one coach. Right. We're all training at once. So it's easier for me to reason that I really can't do that. Everything. So it's systemized. I can just say, okay. Well, now you know what you got to do next. Right. Right. That's true. Yeah. It works as good as anything else. And not better. My opinion isn't any for anything else. You got to be confident. Believe in yourself. What you do. Yeah. I'm saying if you don't do that. I'm going to be talking about something for him. I don't even do it. That's right. I'm doing my best today. Just got them ten minutes ago. Yeah. I'm going to be doing both of those high relative volume with a high relative. The highest relative volume with a high relative percentage to the volume. You know what I mean? So the one of the other is really getting pushed in the training. So I'm going to do it. Basically I'll relegate like for example. If deadlift was something I thought needed the most improvement. I would drop the percentage to the 70% area. And maybe do five sets of three with a mechanically similar movement. For an additional, maybe three sets of three or three sets of five. I work on speed off the floor with technical proficiency. Okay. And my opinion technique is paramount. It's the most important thing. What's the platform? Yeah. Programming is cool. Programming is important. There's a lot of novel ways to do things. If your technique is shit, it's not going to help. It's not going to do anything. The best program in the world is not going to work for you if you're technique sucks. That's exactly right. There's nothing more important than that. But as far as that goes how I balance it. I have a saying that I use a lot when people are work with. If you chase two rabbits, both get away. So. Yeah. Okay. I have to warn the other at a time. Okay. And the other one is kind of I'm working on. That's not to say that you can't. I mean, you can really push the squat like in the 80% range with what I do with the fish. And for what I call as basically that that works is four doubles. And then once that it was a many reps as possible, they're around 80%. And then that's that one you're pushing pretty hard. That's pretty heavy. That's a lot of volume with the relative heavy percentage. But then, for example, in that case with a deadlift, that would be much lighter percentage, but we'll work on more in technique. And there's technical improvements. Well, sometimes bring about a larger increase than the heavier percentage work. Sounds pretty much like I kind of what I do. I kind of use percentages, always use percentages. And if I'll have I use a rotate weeks as far as heavy light. I'll go if they're pulling it through squatting heavy. You're best squatting heavy this week and deadlift's heavy. If they do it both in the same week, probably the next week, both in front of the light. Right. The next week, we'll be heavy again. Even though we're still wrapping it up. And who made up? Right. You know what I'm saying? Pretty much everybody does the same thing. Yeah, exactly. Everybody that's good. Yeah. What we do is there are some minor differences. Yeah. But it's all like, you know, the same brother, the principal's. Yeah, because you know, after doing it a while, experience in this common sense of knowing what it works and the same thing that I've worked. Yeah, because you had to, because we've failed before when people don't fail with myself before you know that, okay, and then don't work. We go to that change that. You know, I just, you got to fail and only succeed sometimes. I agree with you. I mean, there's a lot to be said for that. There's a lot of people that are, you know, book learned. He's right. Once I went maybe, you know, maybe we could talk about a lot of time, PhDs. Right. Exactly. A PhD in lifting weights is worthless, man. Exactly. Having wrong side of the knowledge about my relationship. I agree with that. It's true. I pretty much learned everything I learned in the trenches. Exactly. I didn't, we didn't have good these guys that I know, the internet. You got to understand your stress, man. That's what I said. We didn't have the internet. We had it with the chat rooms, but nothing like this. There wasn't information like this. It's almost too much. I'll start with that in our group, the reason that they get too much is that. It is because it's confusing. I mean, you'll find a guy that chooses a program one week. And you'll have the next program in X-Mont. You know, I just caught up up. No, I agree. They have program out. There's too much, too many options. There's too much stuff to think about too. Find that like, you have, like, strong about this recently. Guys, the word about, you know, am I getting, is my, am I, my cell is muscle, and gaze, you know. Yeah, yeah. My cell is muscle, too. I'm talking about the cell is muscle. I'm talking out, man. I'm talking about the cell. I'm talking about the cell. We know, it has no reason to discuss that. We need to teach us somebody how to squat, unless you're trying to, Yeah. How that. And why did you know, you were in doing this weekend. And we were coaching the debt up together. And I was totally impressed with your knowledge and everything that you, you brought to the table. Thank you. I was like, I mean, because I was like, that's what I'm going to do. Sweet. You're good. That's what I think. Yeah, because you, because you was like, You sounded like a voice. Sorry. Yeah, exactly. You got it. Yeah, that was really, I don't know the working. I was looking forward to, you know, I just, I did not know you were before this week. Yeah, I did. I did. I didn't know you were before this week. Yeah, that's really right.