Really quick lateral bottom drill that we're going to do using the bands. If you have athletes that aren't really proficient at doing some lateral bounce, skater type jumps without the bands, I would not incorporate this until they're actually proficient. So we're going to do three base drills, the three step progression. The first one that we're going to do is he's going to go ahead and he's going to stick both landing. So again, he's just going to be in that single, single leg squat. He's at SQ to skater jump, just lateral. When he's going to go ahead and stick that landing every time. Something we got from Adam Fight was a lot of times athletes that are very athletic and really used to bouncing off the ground. Sometimes it's hard to really recognize that core stability, that purpose-ception and really be able to stick the landing. So we're going to go through about two jumps each side. Let's go ahead and get push off. We're going to stick that landing. Stick that landing. Again, notice he's trying to fight to try to stick where he needs to land every time. So again, and you can actually progress that. But again, the farther he jumps, the more resistors and the harder is, he's going to be able to stick that landing. Second progression is, we're going to add a little bit of stretch shorting cycle in there, a little bit of stretch reflex. And now he's going to do the same thing, but he's going to jump out, plant land and then stick the landing on the second jump. So again, he's going to go reactive. Bounce. Reactive landing here. Stick the landing there. So again, just do about three of them. Right? So boom, come right back. Stick it. Boom. Now I get a little bit of force for a drunken to really push off again. Really going to overemphasize kind of a special exercise to push off that inside length. Third one is the most difficult. And Rue is going to help the athlete be able to stick that landing and be able to fight those forces when he changes direction to be more proficient is we're going to walk out and now we're going to do the same thing. Now we're going to jump back to the source of the resistance, try to bounce off of off of that from that direction. So who's stick the landing back this way. So again, bounce, come up, stick the landing. Who do have our three times already? Good. Push off. There you go. Good. Really push off. Good. And again, the progression with that is, at the athlete gets more comfortable. Now you're really trying to eliminate that ground contact time. So the least time they can have when they actually look like they're bouncing off the ground. So that's really the progression. Go from the stick and then really progress to where they have to. As soon as they hit the ground, boom, they're popping back. And again, that band helps them keep that body position. Those angles a little more correct and a little more similar to what they would see on the field.