Mark Watts, lead up test.com. I'm here at Showtime Springs and Performance in the Newark, Ohio with owner Nick Schoen. We want to go over a very comprehensive, single leg audio slash, single leg and more to progression that will actually include some regressions in there as well too. So hopefully we'll give you a couple of different ideas to how to progress your half experience when you're doing those abeticits with the single leg RDL would be that it will be more stressful with boot hamstring but not as much stress on the lower back and again it's a single leg, a unilateral exercise which is going to have some benefits for sports performance. So the first thing we like to do is just go through a really quick reach back. So again what Nick's going to do is just, he's going to be in a position and all he's going to do is just keep a good posture, shoulder leg back, hip hop, hip hop, hip hop. That's like Ben and F front and he's going to reach his toe back as far as he can. What that does is just an issue you see after he's just engaging that and reaching back. The next progression without what he's doing is same thing but now he's going to torsive flex. Such how he's going to reach with his toe, he's going to do that but with a torsive flex he's got you going to use a little bit more knee bend and again, first we're going to teach him to gain athletes. Don't worry about how much that knee bend is. They'll be able to activate that through the hamstring and again, don't be as particular with death. First you can do with that as you can actually have the athletes walk backwards, that direction to some who got from the finger marker, who went and then utilized an act just as a progression. So once you get to the act, you comfortable with just an initiate movement that way, you're keeping good posture, then you can go ahead and do an assist. We're going to use, you can use a pro, you can use a rack or whatever but now we're going to go ahead and you're going to both be in the hole, you're going to want to end on whatever. So now Nick's going to go ahead to the same basic movement but now he's going to initiate by bringing you to that leg up. Going to initiate the movement by bringing your chest forward, initiate it by bringing the back leg up. So again, safety doing on the rack. So again, the same thing, good posture, he's going to reach but we still want to have those shoulder blades back. Again, he's going to reach his foot back. Two things that Nick brought on, I think they should have the calf strength does not have a foot rotated out, making sure that toe is going to be ground. Secondly, make sure that the calf state again, we want to bring that foot up. And back, we want to reach back to the wall. Don't just have the elastic bring it up, I'll bring it up and reach back. We shall have the straight line from the heel to the hip and to the shoulders as we go through that. That will be based on the flexibility of the calf. So the next one we do. The next progression from you, something against the wall. So again, something that you're going to grab with the leg. The coaches have to go to work and through to his thigh. When he ever seen five metrics with discipline pressure, they simply do that on the elbow or the knee warning for where it is. Even if that foot, the first progression we have that toe, they will want to be there. Has that toe. And that would be more worth of the rack. So the other thing, the issue in doing, again, I should still see if I'm going to get it. So it's still seen with the grip going to make sure from the front. And then the next progression we do, you go ahead and bring that leg up and move higher out of the wall. So now we can't use his toe and pushing off that foot. Now I'll turn it to the other side. So we'll push him back. We're in the opposite foot. Just like our drill here now, gives him a physical cue. And he has a basic face. You see that way is better a little bit. If you can progress that anyway, you want to get actually out of the floor. If you can do that drill, or if you have a leg up, you can do that drill. Or if you have a leg up, you can touch that wall. So the last progression we can do with this, you can incorporate something on a fine bench on this. So the basic one we do is we'll make what I have in the first initial exercise. We're just going to go ahead and do this. And he can move this up as well. Either on the chest, in the back, in the chest. And he can go ahead and execute. Just in job from that front, right up position. So jump off the left leg on the right. The next progression with that would be, obviously, if you jumped and landed with the same leg. So again, it just a little way to load that procedure chain up. And then doing it to both the movement off the similar just running. And again, so the other half is to make it not check, after it's kind of correlate with the normal. Last two things we'll go over will be just how to load up the movement with the double. So from here, you just going to go ahead and the basic premise is, I can either have two doubles in each hand. I can have a plate, a long way, I can have a plate or a kettleboard or a bun chest. And I'll go ahead and execute the movement. So these are the next, you can use both hands and then, again, how we as that just does it really matter. But again, changing the center of gravity. So again, you can really go inside. When you start to put it back, again, it's like then the knee gets the appropriate set of the front foot. And then you can drive it in your own arms. The other progression you can do, tint it in order to make it a week or session to session, would be same movement. Now if I have my, but the kettlebell or dumbbell, and you opposite hand. So the same hand that goes with the leg that goes up, opposite hand. So it's very similar to what I can't, now again, with that does just have the lower one, the other side, activates more that do that to the beat. Again, not as difficult as that, but again, that's one of those things. You know how important those rules are for injury prevention and for power production. So again, those are the progression, three pressure, and some of the variation you can use. You can also do that same time, metric drill with our law. And again, in RDL, two eight, two eight jump onto a ball to go even that as a broad jump. So that's kind of the progression using. Again, you can change it by a couple of things. You can change it by the load. You can change it by a word that way is the references to center gravity. Obviously, the higher is going to be the horror of the exercises. And again, then you can add in some disposal time movements with that as well as two. So again, try to incorporate those great procedure change variations that you can use. Singularity L, singularity mornings, and you have a bunch of different progressions and regressions. You can incorporate your problems. So if you have any other ideas or any other variations that you like, make sure you put those in the comments, because again, it can help other other readers as well. Thanks. Thank you.