Everybody, Steve Colskat for elitefts.com. We're here at the Arnold Classic, we're with our new team member, Mickey Bollena. We're at the I.S. IPA, USAPL, Raw, IPF, Raw Challenge, which is a mouthful. A number of sponsors, we're not even going to get into them. Tell us how you did in your prep for the competition. So prep was actually pretty rough. I mean, I'm in law school right now, and last semester was a bit of a bear. So training definitely took a hit, but I came out of it feeling pretty good. Like I learned a lot about what I need to do in order to increase my recovery, start taking my dynamic warm-up mobility a lot more seriously. And I think despite the rough semester and the rough patch and training that I'll actually come out with some meat pyrs and a total pyr. So I'm looking forward to seeing what I can do today. Okay, you've finished up your squats for us to get from the parking lot to here. It was a bit of a bear so we just got, we missed some of your early ones, run over your attempts and how they went. So in pounds, my opener was 319.4, so about 320. My second attempt was 341, and then my third attempt which I missed was 363. And so last attempt, I know I had this drink there, but I just got excited, rushed my setup and paid for it at the end. But that's, I know better for next time, don't let the crowd and whatnot overwhelm me. Do you think going into the bench and deadlift, you're gonna feel a little bit smoother? Yeah, bench is definitely my, the bear for me in this. But I think that I'll be able to come out with a meat pyr, really just take my time with my setup and execute the lift like I do in training. And deadlift is my bread and butter, so I'm looking forward to that. Okay, we're gonna follow throughout the day. We know you're gonna do well and we're excited to see this play out. Thank you. Okay, we're gonna do a little bit of a meat wrap up. Let's go to your bench. Tell us how did your bench go for you? So I got my first two attempts. The second attempt was a meat pyr. I've been stuck at 187.4 in a meat for the past year and a half. So even just a small pyr of 193.4, whatever it was, was progress for me. So I'm really happy with that. And I know I still got a lot of room. A lot. A lot to work on. But a PR is a PR and I'm gonna take that and learn from the misthert attempt to change whatever I need to going forward. Okay. With your pulls that last one was a grinder. Tell us how those went. So first two deadlips felt fantastic. If anything, I was really happy. I felt like my technique stayed intact, which is something that's been a problem, not so much in training, but meat. So that's a progress of sorts. I would have liked to get that third. I locked it out, but apparently it was a little bit of a hitch. And so I know it would just make sure that that doesn't happen in the future. But I know the strength is there. So I'm ready. I'm ready to come back at my next meat and really go after the person from a meat. So how does this compare? There's some good competition at this event. How does this compare? Was this a step up to things you've done in the past as far as the competitiveness? Yeah, definitely. It was some of the similar, similar people that I've competed against in the past. But this is my first year competing as an open, a been a junior. It's my first year in the open. So it's definitely higher playing, level playing field. But I'm really excited. I see it as an opportunity for growth. Like in the juniors, it was a different field for competition. And now I really know I need to set my game up. I'm playing with the big boys now. So I'm excited. And you mentioned that you're looking to do something in the fall. Tell us about that. So in October, which is a little while off, is raw national for USAPL. And as far as far off, and I know kind of an idea of what my game plan is to really come back and take those top spots. So I'm excited. Excellent job today. We look forward to seeing how you do as the career and the sheer progressives. Thanks.