Okay, what we're going to do here is we're going to kind of recap for things that we saw today, we're going to have to launch arms with biggest mistakes. My part will be a little longer than the other guys because I'm going to touch my couple of other things as well to reinforce some of the most important takeaways in the day that you may not seem or really understand about. The first thing is technique is extremely important. How many of your people think that possible within what time to restart? Ten of five or seven? Nine of five minutes. Five seconds. How many think it's possible within the time of rain that you were in here today to physically get strong? Raise your hands. There were 164 PR set. So tell me, technique doesn't matter. Now how many people have read online, technique doesn't matter. Just watch it. Just lift your hands up. Then one hundred and sixty-four PR set. Tell me it doesn't matter. It matters. Not only does it matter, core technique usually is one of the greatest causes of injury. If your knee's recovered and really hard on the spot, what do you think is going to happen to your knee? If your elbow's a plan to fall out of the best, what do you think is going to happen to your pet? So when you have good technique, you're also creating a better environment to strain it, a safer environment to strain it. Technique matters. It matters a lot. So when we're speaking about technique, I want to bridge that off into weak points. Which I think that's a lot of good. I don't know if it's going to be done in a couple of weeks if you want to strain this a little bit better. I kind of felt I'm not finishing this thing. But anyhow, I personally don't like the term weak points to define sticky points and stuff like that. I like the term that I'm going to do these two years ago, which is called mini-maps. That's where the lift stops. When you use the word weak point, we're sticking to it. Most people generally think, oh, I missed the lift here. A halfway on the bench is what I used to do to describe this as an example. And so the first answer that people will give is, oh, if you missed halfway on the bench, you need to start doing two board presses, floor presses. Haven't had to do a few things like this. This is how you do this at the weak point. First off, should you address a weak point with technique? All right, because that's the first thing, because most weak points mini-maps is hardly be corrected with better technique. Probably 70% of the time. 10% of the time it's mental. 20% of the time it's physical. Now, without getting into a lot of detail, because I don't want to go into a full seminar, and it will be in the art. And exercise is just one example of how to overcome a mini-maps. Who's to say that you're missing that bench now for way up? Because that's just where you start. Maybe you're missing halfway up because you lowered it too slow. All right, you lowered it too slow, so you were fatigue by the time you went to push back into it. What if you pushed into that half-point faster than you normally do? And so you break through the sticky point, because you weren't pressing fast enough. The type of contraction is also something to look at when you're talking about mini-mapses and sticky points. It's not just an exercise. It can be a muscle group. It can be a type of contraction. It can be the center. It can be technique. It can be all these other things. It's just not an exercise. If it was chest and exercise, we could say, okay, you missed halfway up. Do the two-four pressing fix it. But what if you were missing because you're speed? You weren't generating enough force when you're chest and the two-four. But now we're going to collect about using the two-four. So we're going to decrease the time and attention. And we're going to take away the ability for you to be able to produce more force. We just made your weak point weaker. You see what I'm saying? So how you open mine? But the takeaway for today, technique is going to always trump everything from that standpoint. So when you have that mini-mapses, you have that sticky point. The first thing to go through your mine is what's my technique. Filming, compared to people the same structure on mine, you know, send something to our Q&A. We got guys obviously who know what they're doing. 164 PRs. And they were all out of drink until five o'clock in the morning. If I was you when they put it down, if they were all sober. Now that's the time. Okay. So what I'm going to do is to help reinforce you guys. We got together to discuss what were the biggest issues that you all had. So when you walk away, you know, this is more than likely there's probably a 90% chance This was your issue that you had today with each one of the lifts. I'm going to go over the squat, get it since you're going to go over the bench, and Steve's going to go over the deadlift. And then we're going to have a clamping. Close the day out for us. For this one, it was really simple when first we were just me walking around looking. If it has to be all the other guys, it's only one thing. And that was tightness. When the tightness was corrected, everything else fell in the line. So there were other issues that were swearing out, me coming in and all that. But when the tightness was corrected, it all fell in the line. So how did you become tighter on the squat? With respect to whatever any coach told you, you still want to take with what they said and accused, they gave you with authority in more than what I'm going to tell you. Because I didn't see you, they did. Everybody's got a different way of coaching. Everybody's got a different way of addressing how to get tight. I'm just going to give you my way. So you can use my way, I'm going to put it through with whatever they told you. Totally disregard it. Just use what they told you. My only goal is to remind you, this is what it was. Was your squat tightness sucked, you know, and that's what needs to be corrected. And just as simple corrections that they did in one day, led to 66 PRs in the squat. When I think of tightness for the squat, I always like to think from floor to bar. Others think opposite, I like to think from feet to tracks. Make sure your feet are even. You know, the obvious thing is, when you set your feet, when you squat, if your regards to your wide, close, whatever it is, don't just stand there. Do something with your feet. And you can either try to push out, you know, like you're going to try to roll over on your chops. You can try to pour it through your heels. And you can try to put all the way in. I think we've got some more of the fun balls in your toes. Not your toes, but you know, probably like it. What you need to do, mentally, what are your feet doing besides your sitting there? They need to be doing something that you need to be grabbing, you know, kind of like, I'm like, I'm looking, grabbing into, like a tire grabbing into the ground. You want to grab into the ground and widen your feet into the floor. So if somebody came to try to pump you, you're not moving. So lock yourself down with your feet. From there, move up into the bottom. The feet are locked in, then the hips, these actually feet, the knees out. You know, some of us can change because if you're, if you're closer to the hips, knees may not be out of the watch. So I'm going to assume medium to wide stance. And knees out, which is going to activate the glutes. From that position, the torso needs to be tight. Breathing is important, and this breathing thing is just killing me for like 20 years now. Because everybody's teaching the same damn thing, and every five years they change how they teach it to make it look like it's something new. It's the same shit. You got to learn how to breathe into your diet, and then to your stomach. Let's make this simple. You're going to breathe into your belly, and then you're going to tighten your belly. Now, when you tighten your belly, and these to be tight all the way around, not just in the front, pushing out of your hips about it. And these should be actually more tight in the obliques. Push you down. Regardless, if all you do is just flex really hard. They just flex really hard. Some of the whole area can push out, but that's a big fan of that. That's what I believe. Other than you just need to flex and keep it as tight as you possibly can, whatever it is, do it. What you don't want to do is just leave it like a marshmallow. Because if it's a marshmallow, and the power has to come from your feet to the bottom. If it's a marshmallow, they're transferred of force, has to come through your torso. If this isn't tight, you're going to lose all the transfer of force. This can be of the marshmallows, bounce around. Are you going to take it out, put it in a rock? All right. So it can be explained, whatever it's going to be, whatever they told you, whatever they taught you is what you want to do. But that has to be in shape. That from the setup, partially in shape. I don't want to confuse you guys, but you don't want to get this too engaged, too soon because you're going to pass out because you still got a whole lot of other shape to do it. All right. So that's just partially in gauge. Grab your hands on the bottom. When you get up there, while you're doing all this, your hands are on the bottom. But you're not going to be dropping, you're just going to be rushing in for right now. Once you get to the torso, now squeeze this shit out of the bottom. And pull that bar. Actually, I'm on a fan of trying to bend to bar around your shoulders. I'm more fan of trying to get your shoulders this tight here. Perfect. As tight as your palms will be can, then wiggle your traps. And drive your traps into the bar as hard as you can. Wetch your traps into the bar with your feet. If you watch videos of Steve and a lot of guys, and you see they take a lot of time, trying to set up just this part. You wonder why they're moving around like that? And it looks like they're kind of dancing with the bar. He is whipped when you're driving and trying to kick his traps as deep. Or that bar actually is deep in his traps. Is he possibly can? That creates that tightness in the back. So now on everything in the body now is tight. Now you pull, you know, get all the air back in the belly, and then you on the rest. Now I look at walking out, you know, what you're going to do, does it matter? Because if you're here, you're going to walk out and still have to stay tight when you take your step. You know, it's going to be a minimal step, one, two, three, four, or just three if you have to walk it back. If you're using a monolith, you should just be setting the stand straight up. Everything locked in, everything tight, and that tightness does it, go away. And so you are told to wrap the bar before your head's going to pop up. But you need to be up. If you're going to blow air out, it has to happen at the top. For as you're coming up, don't blow air out going down. When you blow air out, don't blow it out hard. The other thing I think is a big mistake, and I think you'll see of it, don't run it out. Because you're chest will drop. Everything else will drop. The easiest way to get air out if you're starting to feel like what's the feeling that you're going to pop up is. Because you're doing that you're letting air out. You're letting some of that deep impression because you can still strain because it won't get so bad. I mean, look at your pictures of some of his eye holes around his top and off his head. You'll pass out. So you've got to let some of it out, but if you let too much of it out, and your chest moves even slid as you can fall full. And now you have another problem. Because you've got to recover, you know, trunk that, and with magical weight, most likely you're not going to be able to do it. So tightness is the biggest thing. There's tons of garship on this, tons of videos on this. So it's not like you can't go find how to get tight on the squat. To reinforce again, that was the number one issue with you guys. Fixing that issue temporarily today is what broke those 66 PRs. So that was it. There was nothing else I can put in there. That fixed everything else. So you can sit there and say, my knees are coming in, my elbows are firing, my heads are not up. All this other stuff. You can say, I got a million things I need to fix with my squat. What there's not a mean for give it up to million things. Fixing that. That's going to take you to all the others. Okay? So that's for the squat.