Everybody here, me, okay? Now you realize, they're clapping after you said that you would have killed yourself. I just want you to take note of that. You know, All right, just to kind of get a general sense of who I'm speaking to here. How many of you guys are a power lifters? Hands up. Competitive power lifters. Okay, trainers. Coaches. Olympic weight lifters. Good, can't help you to hold a lot. A strong man. Bodybuilding. CrossFit. Can't help you that much either, but I'll try my best, you know? Okay, so, Well, I wanted to, how many of you have been one of the learned to train seminars before? That's another question that I have. All right, so you guys have seen Skinny Day, Fat Day, Mediandave, Big Day, Small Day, Hip Replacement Day. If you've seen me in and doing many different forms, I like, Murph myself with every seminar. So you never know what you're going to expect. The, I'm trying to think here which direction I want to go. Because this is going to be the last learn to train. I want to try to do something a little bit different. You know what? We're going to go off the grid. How do I kill this? All right. All right. Okay. I'm going to talk about some things that Normally you want to hear Spoken about, Spoken about. My grandmother's not always the best, my English major. I'm in meathead. All right. The topic I'm still going to keep a supplemental and accessory movements. I'm not going to change that. But I'm going to change how I approach it a little bit more and take some of the structure and some of the bullshit that would normally come with an normal presentation out of it. So you can actually use what the hell I'm going to give you. And instead of going through point by point, all this crap that you can see in any, you know, Conference or seminar or whatnot. So with that in mind, what I've seen and have seen, I started competing in 82 or 83. And I retired in 2005. Let's just say it was a 50 50 retirement 50% because I couldn't do it anymore physically 50% because I really didn't have the desire or the passion that I had to be on the platform that I used to. So I don't want to say that the car was forced for me while it kind of was, but at the same time I knew it was time to kind of move on a little bit. There were a lot of things and I, this is why I wanted to kill this. There's a lot of things that I've never spoke of before because I don't like to be that person that says, if I was to go back and do it all over again, I would do this. If you've heard me speak before you've always heard me say things like, I wouldn't change anything. I would have kept it all the same because that's what made me who I am and that's generally how I feel. But at the same time, no presenter or anybody who is in strength and conditioning wants to go back and expose all their mistakes and say why did this wrong, I did this wrong, but I've come to the conclusion that I've done 90% of the shit my life wrong anyhow. So what do I got to lose? So there are some things that I would do differently. Training wise, if I was to go back and do it all over again for powerlifting and it's good that many of you raised your hands when I asked about powerlifting because that's the example that I'm going to use. When your powerlifting and the objective is very simple to get a better squat, bench and deadlift. That is your sport, that's the technique. So... That's the most important thing. That's why you do what you do. To have the best squat, bench and deadlift, I suck at the deadlift, that's why I can't say it very well. Always have always well. Now, if you're to flip this around a little bit and think of this in terms of coaching, everybody has the goal of whatever your coaching. I've consulted with a lot of coaches over the years. I cannot tell them as I can't tell CrossFit or Olympic weightlifting. I can't tell them how to train. I've never done that. I refuse to tell or teach or coach anything I've never personally done. I don't know the skills behind it. I don't know the technique behind it. I can tell how to increase maximal strength, but is that going to have a dynamic correspondence to what you're doing or carry over? I don't know. I don't like to speak about things I don't know. I want to speak about things I do know. So, if you are a coach and you're looking at an athlete, say a football player, one of the things that I would ask, the coach who I would be consulting with, are what are the top three exercises you feel have the highest correspondence to the sport. Everybody's answer is going to be different because everybody's got a different training philosophy. They could say clean, they could say 40, they could say squat, whatever it is. To me, that's going to follow up on this high end. It's going to follow in the technical end. So while I'm going through this, keep that in mind if you're not strictly a power lifter. Keep in mind that the squat, bench and deadlift merely only represent the goal that you're trying to achieve. Whatever it would be, even if it was a decrease in body fat or whatnot. Those under those would fall and everybody's got different names for these things. The main, this is getting breaking down a training session. Underneath that would follow the main exercise. Now, I don't care how you train. I don't care if you use a linear approach and nonlinear approach, conjugate approach or if you don't know what I'm talking about. I don't know if you, I don't care if you train the cube. West side. Give me some other ones. Jugg or not. Dog, grab, 531. All of them are going to follow all of these programs follow some type of progression. All be it linear, nonlinear, concurrent. That's really much it or block. One of those four. Every program you see out there is going to follow one of those four. Unless it's just a half-ass hazard program that's just thrown together without any thought, then it just falls off into never, never land. I would say that's not even a program. That's just a bunch of shit. Slap together or just waiting for somebody waiting to get hurt. Because it's got to be some type of approach. The reason I am saying that is because this main lift here is going to change based upon what philosophy or what type of program you're training. If you're using a program that would be more concurrent based or west side based, this main lift may be any max effort exercise or dynamic exercise. Or in the case of west side, it could be good mornings, low-box, wide-board press, two-board press, lower-press, or for speed-work, box-squat, dynamic bench presses. This is just the main movement and how it's being trained to correspond to the technical movement, which is out there. In a concurrent approach, those movements are not the same. They're usually different. Everybody understand that? I trained at west side for 14 years and the only time we did the technical list were when we were in a meet. That's kind of one of the differences between a concurrent-style of training compared to a block or linear or non-linear. If it is a block or one of the other styles, that main lift will actually be the squat, the bench press, or the deadlift. Those lifts are going to be cycled based upon whatever program you're using. Some of them may use a linear, which will start like in a 50% and then drive up to a 95, some of them may wave. Some of them may go in a progression like that. I'm not getting really detailed in this because I want to talk about the stuff that falls underneath this. I'm giving you this as background for your own training programs to be thinking about how you train now and what you do. What is the first movement? Is that first movement for you a max effort of dynamic exercise and within your views and more of a concurrent type of approach? If you're using the squat-benture deadlift, does it follow a linear progression? Does it follow a non-linear? Where it kind of creeps up and down? I mean, as long as there's all of them to be honest, no matter what it is, all of them are linear because they're all going to work up over time. It's just how it gets there. I can answer questions on this after I'm done babbling about the other stuff. But this is very complex. I can do a whole day seminar just on each one of these. But that would be the main lift. Usually that's the first lift when you're in the gym. And that lift has the highest dynamic correspondence or carryover to the technical lifts that you're going to be doing when you compete or you're going for a max model. Everybody understand that. Okay, if you were to take these completely out of your strength training program and your power lifter, how much success do you think you would have? None. You would suck. Let me put it that way. So this has a very, very, very large importance. Number one, most important thing is that and how that's being cycle. Now the cool thing between today with everybody wanting to bitch about the internet and when I came up, you're access to this segment of a program is so available, it's unbelievable. When I in 83, I had to figure this shit out. I had to have people tell me what to do, you know, that I was trained in with. You didn't just find the meat of a program anywhere. To be honest, and I don't want to give credit if it's not due, I think Louie's the one that actually broke the bubble on this. And he's the first one that actually started writing about how a program is actually put together. And then from that, people started to share how they were actually training in the program we now. Now you have access to linear models, not linear models. I mean, you can just Google search any of this crap and you're going to find this part of a training program like that. I don't think anybody in here questions this part. Now they do bounce around a lot. You know, they won't stay with the same program, but they don't question the importance of it. Nor do they question the ability to be able to find what it is. This actually, in my opinion, is the easiest part to program. All right, because it is pretty cut and dry pretty straightforward. Under that, would be what I call, I call it a couple of metal. The subtle metal exercise. Now we're going to start to get into a lot of my philosophy and a lot of the things where I say, I would have done differently. I believe strongly that there is a difference between training and movement and training in a muscle. And that's been more ingrained since I've been training in pretty much like a bodybuilder since 2005 or 2006, and have seen and felt the difference. An example that everybody can relate to would be think about doing a maximal bench press or a heavy set of five on the bench press. And then, what the arm movement pattern looks like. And then picture a crock row, which is a heavy short row. That's basically the same thing in reverse. So that's training a movement. That's training the movement of the bench press. It's helping to make that movement stronger. Now let's picture a dumbbell row where you let the scapula relax and stretch your lat at the bottom. And you drive your elbow as high as you can at the top and contract. So you have maximal stretch to maximal contraction. Now you're training a muscle. You're not going to be able to use as much weight training the muscle as you can training the movement. I think both are vital when it comes to power lifting. Through my years as a power lifter, all my movements were based on training movement, not muscle. As a result of that, I think I've accumulated joint damage in other injuries because most of the lifts the power lifter does are trying to find ways to make a front movement. The shortest range movement that you possibly can. You know, you want to try to take a squat that may be 18 inches and shorten it down to nine. You want to try to take a bench that may be 12 inches and make it eight. Why? You lift more weight. Traveling the shorter distance. And while the core spawned and to get that carry over, your accessories are going to follow the same pattern. You may not even know it until you start looking and thinking about the accessories you're currently doing now to train your main lifts. Those accessory movements are probably things like board presses, JAM presses, short, try to set extensions, shoulders to elbows back up. Short range, don't movements. I'm trying to think of other examples. I mean, you guys, I could just ask examples. You guys could just blow them all out. And what you're trying to do is you're trying to find those movements that are going to directly clear over to this first one. To make this easier to understand, I'm going to use a concurrent approach. For me, the floor press, two board press and closed grip inclined press had dynamic correspondence to my bench press. I always knew my floor press was going to be 90% of what my raw bench was going to be. Always knew my two board press was going to be 92% of what my raw bench was going to be. My closed grip inclined press was always going to be 64% of what my raw bench was going to be. To me, a raw bench back then was usually whatever I could hit on on one board. We never really did straight wall, raw presses, but on one board to your chest is damn near the same. It's just breathing more. When I trained for the bench press, I did not put myself in a competitive position in the gym. I only did that in a meat to keep some of the pressure off my low back. So I could get that extra inch from the board, just with body position. I know these percentages for a fact because I tracked them for 14 years. Because I wanted to know what carried over to what? Because to me, I wanted an indicator because I needed to know what I was going to open my bench with because we, honest to God, never benched in the gym. The shirts and gear were different than two. So now there's a whole other factor which changes the rules a little bit. But that allowed me and gave me a clue of where I actually stood. These exercises, I would use closer to a meat. Why am I telling you about those? Because when it came to supplemental work from my upper body, I wasn't working in triceps. I wasn't working in packs. I was working movements to make my close grip. I wanted to make these stronger. Not this. I didn't give a shit about making that stronger. I cared about making those stronger because I knew for a fact when those went up, that went up. So what did I have to do to make those better? That's where I put my focus when it came to the supplemental movements. Through trial and error, you figure those out. Because you're currently doing these would rotate in my cycle, in my training plan, at least once every eight weeks or so. So if I started doing JM presses and my close grip in client at the time was 415. And I started doing JM presses and everything else pretty much stays the same. I rotate back four or five weeks later the close grip in client and now it's 455. Now I know that JM press has a correspondence to my close grip bench. That drove that up. Now if whatever I'm doing here doesn't drive these up, I'm changing this shit. Because this is the main goal. I'm not going to waste my time doing exercises that are not going to bring up the movements that I want to bring up. So over time I found JM press floor extensions, chain extensions on the floor. Just barbell, you know, tries to extend just on the floor using a bunch of chain. I put like a quarter each side and just start loading chain up less stretch or less damage to the elbow, but still ton of force on the tries up at the top. Those all carried over. So over time I began to build a list of supplemental exercises that were bringing up my main movement, which in turn brought up my technical skill. And I can fuse in everybody yet. You're all with me. Okay. Throughout this I'm going to skip back and forth because I know most of you probably don't use a concurrent style of training. So now if you're using a different style of training to where this main exercise here is always the squat bench or deadlift. Rules are still the same. You will notice through your training when you're doing certain movements to supplemental movements, you will feel better when you're doing the main movement. Those are movements you need to put brackets around and start them and make sure they become in your program more frequently. Now you don't want to live and die by them because every movement's got limited strength potentials the way I like to explain it. You will become to use to it to where it won't have the effect that you're looking for anymore. So a lot of these movements here I would only save before a meet. And the non-meat time when there's no meat going on I would try all kinds of different things to see if it had any correspondents and a lot of times the stuff would go down. So those I would put in there for that. So one of them is going to be based upon actually watching the max effort exercise go up. Others are going to be on how you feel. For example, going back to the bench, you know I had a dynamic bench day and a max effort bench day. This close grip incline really had more benefit on my speed work than it did my max most strength. I had a close grip incline presses into my speed on the bench went through the roof every single time. All right. The floor press had more of an impact on the max or my max effort work the heavier stuff. But a lot of this that I'm speaking about is coming about because I stuck with the same philosophy or the same program for 14 years. When you start jumping around from program to program you're never going to be able to find two things. And that's where the supple metal and the accessory work comes in as being able to find two and these little details. We already know this is this is the big big stuff right here. This stuff is probably going to get 90% of you in this room where you want to go. But what if you want to go that one extra step nobody else can go. You need to fine tune the shit underneath it. All right. And that's what I'm talking about here you know with and that's why I killed what I was going to talk about. Because I want to give you the stuff that we give you that extra 10% that most people are never going to see. Because they don't think this deep into a program. They think here that's it. You know I'm going to do this we're going to you know use this program we're going to do this and everything think. It all of what movements will make the movement that makes my squat stronger. They never think down that level they will think to the level of saying well. Good hand raises are supposed to make my squat and deadlift stronger so I'm going to do those. First off you're making an assumption that may not be true for you. Why not find out. Do it in there and pay attention. Does your squat and deadlift feel better. You will know within three or four weeks if it feels better or not. You may be able to stand up stronger. Maybe you have to stay tighter. You may be able to sit back further. You will notice something. If you don't then it's not having any correspondence to carry over. Get it the hell out and put something else in. What I'm saying here is what makes the glue ham stronger. If you if you already figure out the glue ham raise. Mace those lifts go up. Well how do we now make that glue ham raise better. That's the trick. That's the role of the supplemental movements. Now when you look at a supplemental exercise these are generally going to be trained like a movement. You're not going to be focusing on what the hell the triceps feel like or what the chest feels like. These are going to be trained heavy. These are probably going to be trained more in a three to five set range of. Three to six reps. It's heavy. It's heavy shit. You're working here. You're pushing hard and you're probably going to be pushing these to try to break. G-Rs you know I don't buy this PR shit. You know a PR is something that's an all time thing. You know you break something in the gym. G-R. Not PR. You know what I'm saying? Everybody breaks PRs today. It's ridiculous. You know I broke 15 PRs today in the gym. No you didn't. You had a good day. You know there's this is a difference. But here you're trying to build. You're trying to build a tower. Okay. With any program going back to what I was saying before block linear and not only to your cube, whatever you want to call it. Your body really isn't going to be able to handle much more than. One supplemental movement. Because you're already let's let's back up now. You're already hitting it pretty hard. You've already done your squat training. Which is the front end of a cycle could be set to eight. It could be set to five. You know I don't know how you guys are training. So you've already hit that. So you've already put a great load on your central nervous system and your body to begin with. And now you've hit your second movement. Hard. You know for three to six reps, three to five sets. Generally around you know if it's in the 90% range for maybe six total reps in the 90% range. 80% range. 10 15 total in that range depending upon how you're going to cycle this stuff too. I have an article that we're actually putting out today. That's 10,000 words. So that's you guys don't need to really kill yourself taking notes because I spend a lot of time writing some of this stuff out. Not knowing if I wanted to post it or not post it. So you guys kind of made me give me the decision to post it. So that will help tie a lot of this stuff in a little bit better because I'm just up here babbling. And I know half of your probably thing what the fuck. I thought all I had to do was squat bench and deadlift. And now I'm taking it to a level like now I'm going to figure out what makes them better. How am I going to figure out what makes that better? How am I going to figure that out? Pay attention. Most of the stuff if you sit down and really think about it, you already know. I can sit down with probably any one of you and say, what do you know makes your bench stronger? And you will tell me something. Now when I say now what do you think will make that stronger? You're going to be clueless. That's what we need to wake it up. Is that focus on how to make that part stronger? Because it's way, way easier to make that part stronger than it is to make this part stronger. When you're dealing with the top competitive lifts up here, that's where I wrote technique. Technique is vital. Technique is what you're going to learn tomorrow. You put 50 pounds on your lift in one day without ever getting stronger. I'm removing technique from this whole equation. We're talking about training right now. Technique should be part of any training program. I'll be the first to admit that. That's why I'm more of a fan of a concurrent training program because you get more reps. You get more technical reps than what you're going to get with doing three sets of five. It's 70%. In my opinion, I don't see three sets of five. I see three first reps. When you're competitive, power lift or what matters is the first rep. The other ones don't mean anything. The other ones are just training. When I see three first reps, I'm looking at somebody's program. That's all I see for a week. Over a period of a month, they got 12 reps. You've worked your technique on this lift 12 times. You actually think you're going to get better? No. If you are not using a concurrent approach and you're using one of the other type of training programs, it's the very least take an extra workout, kill the water here. Or even at the front end or back end of your workout, and just broom sticks. Re-enforced the technique. Do a rep, stop. Change your stance. Get back in your squat stance. Do another rep. Don't do continuous reps when you're building technique. You can stand there and go over and over and over and over and over. Break this, break this pattern. Re-establish the pattern. Break the pattern. Re-establish the pattern. If you're practicing your bench press for technique, press it, racket. Bring it out, press it, racket. So the things that you're going to learn tomorrow are going to be to teach you the technical aspects. Okay. All this shit I knew when I was training. None of this I would have changed because this worked. What I would have changed is when you get down to, and I'm going to write ass because that's what I think I was when it came to this. Accessories. My accessory training. I guess water before I go on a tangent. We had these dumbbells in the gym, and they, I don't know how much they wait, but they weren't bolded together real well and they rattle. So we called them the radlers. They wait about maybe 15, 20 pounds. So after we did this stuff, we just shook those things. We did some of this, some of this, some of this. And we just did pretty much what you're doing. You know, after you do your first things, you know, I had some triceps, I had some shoulders, and you just could grab some shit and do this, do this, you know, and put it in the bottom to it. None at all. Nothing changes. That's what I would change. Because that's what I think. All this is definitely going to have a compounding over, when I want to say, over reaching, over working. I mean, everything is joint damage and accumulation. Regardless of who you are and what you do, every rep you do is degenerating a joint. It's just how we are as humans. I just happened to degenerate faster than others. Because I did a lot of dumb shit. So I'm able to stand up here and say, don't do this dumb shit. Learn from what I did. And I think a lot of that, you know, stems kind of, I could have avoided a lot getting down into this area here. Because this is movement based. Everything here is movement based. Movement based is always, always. You're going to have greater force and greater torque and greater impact on a joint than what muscle base would be. Why? Because it's going to be heavier for one thing. It's going to be done at a higher psychological state. You're going to be putting more effort into it, more force into it. And it's going to be more repetitive. Bensh Press, Floor Press, Two Board Press, Three Board Press, JM Press, Closed Script Bensh Press, Aren't they all shoulder extension or shoulder rotation, Trace of extension? Even the slide has changed. Do make a difference. But isn't it all the same shit? To a certain degree. So it is going to wear on the joint. Not saying that's bad, that's good. Because you want to build up that movement pattern. That's the whole point of what you're trying to do. It's to make this movement pattern as strong as you possibly can. Well, I would go back and change things as when I got down into this part of the program. Movement training is no longer the priority. Down here, why are you doing the side raises? The hammer curls. The tricep push downs. Why are you doing any of those movements at the end of your training program? Anybody? To build the muscle. Or you could take the other approach of some guys that will say, Well, don't even do it. It's a waste of time. So either you're not doing it at all. Which means your ability no muscle. Or you're doing it at the build muscle. You're definitely not doing it. You know, right? You know that if you're trying to push down, goes from 60 pounds to 90 pounds, that your bench isn't going to fucking move a pound. You know that, right? I mean, have you all figured that out? Raise your hands if you've kind of figured that out. Because if you don't figure that out, go do a bunch of tricep extensions. You know, push downs. Push downs. I'm talking about push downs. Well, our better example would be kickbacks. Okay? You know, if you're kickback, goes from 10 pounds to 15 pounds, your bench probably isn't going to go out. How's that? You got that, right? Okay. Well, what happens is, when you get to accessories, most people wing it, like I did, let's just do this shit to get it over with, and you're not putting any focus into it, or they train it too heavy. You know, they're using side raises with more weight than running Coleman would use. You know, and who are they're doing hammer curls, 100 to 100 pound hammer curls, trying to impress whos ever in the gym. You're working muscle, not movement. When you get into working muscle, now, let's start thinking, muscle training principles. When you're working this main movement here, we're thinking methods of examples of maximal concentric, like hanging suspended, good mornings, anybody ever do those? I mean, I think it's something else. A pin press, anybody do a pin press? All right, it's a maximal concentric movement, so you use a maximal concentric. Methods used up here are going to be more maximal in nature. Different types of methods that are going to work in the 90% plus range, partials, that's a board press. Maximum concentrics, you know, it's the, what I just said, the pin press, pin pulls, things like that. They're all maximal type methods. When you're in the supplemental category, you're dealing with still training and movement, so you're kind of dealing with maximal type methods, but you can also play around a little bit with rest pause, cluster sets, rest pause, doing the set of, that maximal set of three, rack in it, count 10, 15, do another wrap. You know, cluster, time out, you know, do a set of three, 10, 15 seconds, do another set of three, time 15 seconds, do another set of three, time do another set of three, pick the percentage based upon what it is. I listed all these in the article that I'm going to present, you know, which will fall in each one, but they're more supplemental. Now when you're getting down into here into accessory stuff, now you can start getting into the key thing with a, with a movement and a movement based training here, is the lift heavy ass shit, that you know is going to make this stuff stronger. That's the key. Find a way to roll the fuck out of the dumbbell. I find a way to press the shit out of the dumbbell. All right, move as much as you can for that, using whatever methods that are going to allow that to happen. When we come down here, and let's say a dumbbell press now falls here, is an accessory, because you want to build your chest. You're not concerned about building your bench with this movement anymore. So your elbows are now going to not be here, they're going to come out here. Now when you move down here, guess what's going to happen? Let's train the muscle. What are some techniques that can help you train the muscle more efficiently? Let's cut the tempo in half for one. Yeah, your 100 pound dumbbell press just dropped to about 50. But who gives this shit? Because you're going to train the muscle more optimally. So you cut the weight slow the tempo. Get a full stretch in the muscle, press up to a full contraction. Learn what a full contraction in a full stretch is. Learn what the full range of the muscle is. Let's work the muscle. Not train this shit like a movement. If this is the build muscle, let's do it right. Let's take something from the bodybuilders for once. Let's use what they know. There's a reason why they can't squat 900 pounds, but have bigger legs and power lifters. There's a reason why power lifters have smaller legs and bodybuilders. A lot of it goes to being able to have the awareness to know how to train a muscle compared to a movement. There is a big, big, big difference. Just David Allen this morning, I had shown him how to do some lap pull-down. Tell him what happened. What was down on the timing belt? Basically cut the weight. This is a typical lap pull-down. I'm watching him do the pull-downs. I know he's a power lifter. I know he's a strength athlete. He's a pull-down. What carry over possibly is a vertical pull going to have tanny of these lifts. None. So I know immediately he's doing this for muscle work. So let's drill the muscle. So I love that shit. So let's find a way to go over and drill him. So his lats feel on fire and they're going to blow out of his shirt. So we lower the weight. We used a different bar. You know taught him how to try to bend the bar. Flex the contraction of the lats and work the muscle. Weight drops. His lats are blown up. Another movement, heading do was a hammer-row. You know seated hammer-row. Sit pull-tower-due. You know something that most power lifter you'd see through five plates on his side. And you start cranking to shit out of it. Awesome. If you want to work your biceps, you know we want to work the lat. So we change it a little bit. And if you try to pull down on that machine this way. And row back. You'll notice your back is going to contract a hell of a lot harder than if you're just pulling. All right. So simple things, simple adjustments you can do with every movement can change how that movement is going to impact the muscle. Those are those simple things you need to be doing with the assistance exercises. What are the best of six to exercises? I don't give a shit. But once you feel, if you're doing something for your triceps, find something that you feel at the most in your tricep that works through that full range of motion. Maybe you don't feel anything in a tricep pushed down but you feel something in the cross body tricep extension. And if you don't, let's throw some methods in there and make you do. You know, some other ones, another example would be a double set. If you're doing a single arm exercise, say we're doing a cross body, tricep extension. Go to failure on your right arm, go to failure on your left arm, throw right back to your right arm right into another set. I guarantee you get 15 on this when you're going to get six next time you go back. And when you're done, your tricep cooked. That's working muscle. That's what needs to be happening down here. That's where I screwed up big time. It was down in there in that range. Other things that you can do and I don't want to go through all the weed or principles. But that's kind of what I'm talking. You can do supersets, triceets, dropsets, strip sets, all that other kind of stuff. So this also is actually giving you permission and the ability to have some fun with your training. You know, you can put that stuff back in there because you keep the tempo down. As long as you're not being an idiot, slow the tempo down, make sure you're working the muscle. The movement's being initiated with the muscle. You can't move it, not momentum. Then yes, you can and should train every single one of those exercises. Too failure. And I define two failure as you come up with that wrap. And you think, maybe I might got another one. Maybe not. To me, that's failure. All right. This stuff here. I don't like to see those trained about two reps shy of failure. So you'll come up. It's still hard. But you know, if you really got crank, you could drill out another couple if you wanted to. But this stuff down here, as long as you're controlling the tempo, take it to failure and be on. Pre-exhaust, strip sets, dropsets, double sets. If you want to do 21 if you want. If it's your biceps, you need to build. Typically, that's not going to be the case. For a power lift or you need to build your hamstrings, you need to build the triceps. And I wouldn't worry a whole lot about traps, any vectors. And the reason I say that is because when I look at power lifters who decide and this happens more frequently than you actually do. Who decide to try to be bodybuilders. And they go to a show. Usually they're quad-suck. Usually they're legs aren't that good. A lot of times the arms aren't that good. Chester fare. But when they turn around, their traps and their erectors kill everybody. Now, isn't this ironic? Think about this for a minute. They're never directly trained. How many power lifters do you know that are really doing shrugs? Upright rows or anything for their traps? Think about it. How many of them are really doing anything directly outside of maybe good mornings for their spinalally directors? Yeah, you can throw in reverse hypers and stuff like that. But is a reverse hyper really going to give you the high-percephety that we're talking about? You know, where it looks like a six-packer and then down somebody's back? No. So how are those muscles being developed on these guys? Anybody have any ideas? Not bad technique. Close? Yes. Heavy loads and squats and dads and benches. What? Two muscles have to always be tight on all three lifts. You're upper back and you're lower back. Have to always be tight held in an isometric contraction throughout every rep you do on the squat bench and deadlift. All right. Interesting if you think about it. Never directly trained through a full range of motion. Not only trained in an isometric contraction, but yet the only two muscle parts they can stand on a stage and compete with a body voter with. Just something interesting to ponder in your mind. Not saying that you need to do all isometric work on every supplemental exercise you do. But that shows you that there is the potential of just an isometric contraction has in muscular development. You should remind that isometric contraction the time under tension was mentioned as well. That is through the whole set. You know, it's not being released. It's not being held for four seconds and released. It's held until the dam sets are done. You know, an on a bench press is actually being held before the bars even pulled out. So on a set of five on the bench press, we could be looking at a time under tension of a static isometric contraction of 20 to 30 seconds. Which is a long time. You know, muscle building, you know, if you're into and follow the time under tension philosophy, the best muscle building is going to happen between 45 to 90 seconds, 90 seconds being more for the legs. That falls more into this stuff down here. You know, when you're doing the muscle building exercises, you don't want that set to last eight seconds. I guarantee it's going to suck. And you're not going to build anything out of it. So movements that we would be throwing in here would be four things like triceps, which we already know the triceps are going to carry over to the supplemental exercises. And this is where you start asking questions. Vincent Scott, one of the best bench pressers probably in the world. One of the best pressures that ever to ever live, you know, both multiply and raw. Look at him. You want to know what muscles you need to bench? Just look at him. You know, triceps, lats. That's a clue, by the way, which means you need to build some triceps. He needs to build some lats. You know, so down here you're going to do some lat work. The focus on building that muscle and tricep work. The focus on that. I hate to use the four letter word pump, especially in a strength training, you know, conference. But you need to pump the shit. You need to pump it till it's purple. You need to pump the shit out of it. You know, when you do that, you're putting a ton of blood in the muscle. Everybody's worried about recovery and restoration. This is not heavy stuff we're talking about here. We're talking about pump work. Pump work is more restorative or recovery based than it is actual tearing down based. Flood that shit, pump the hell out of it. So every time you're walking out of the gym, you got this big ass tricep pump. Make you walk like an idiot. As in for the legs, it's going to be an ass. You're going to be an ass and a hamstring pump. So you're going to walk like, you know, walk like somebody stuck something up your ass. But that's all good if it's building up your ass and your hamstrings. When's the last time that you've had your hamstrings pumped? What's that? Good for you. One person. I mean, think about it. When is the last time that you've actually had your hamstring feel like they had Regorgeful blood? As does the same way? I'm not saying you guys sit on that machine and do that stupid shit that I do. Where you're putting your knees out. I got a hip replacement. I got to do things I never would have wanted to do. You know, but you got to find a way to build the glutes, you know, where you're feeling in the glutes. Now tell you what if it takes doing a glute press machine for you to feel it in your glutes? I don't care what anybody says to you. Do it because that's a muscle you need. It's one of the most important muscles you need to support the spine when it comes to the squat in the deadlift. Glutes and lats. Most important when it comes to supporting the spine. So if you got used to glute press, you use the glute press. If you got to lay on the floor and do that, Jane, find a shit. Do the Jane, find a stop. You know, do it at home. You know, do whatever you need to do. But, you know, get the phone in there. So that's where I feel I mean my biggest mistake. I kind of kind of rambles through it a little bit because I killed my actual presentation to be able to present what I feel is going to be more beneficial. Instead of trying to go through a logical approach. But what you will see is the muscle that you develop here, okay? Your weak muscle will impact the supplemental exercises which will in turn increase the strength of your main movement, which will in turn increase the strength of your bench press. Everybody wants to think this way. I'm asking you to think this way. Would you rather go down or up is the question that really needs to be asked? And when you begin to think things that way, your whole training philosophy will change and how you look. It programs or change because this here is not west side. This is not the cube. This is not 531. This is not juggernaut. This is not 1020 life. This is not any of those. This is how to make all of them better because all of them focus predominantly here. And that's it. Now, some will, I think actually all of them will talk a little bit about weak point training. That's bullshit. And let me tell you why that's bullshit. A weak point and where you stick, it's called a mini max. Or whatever you want to call it, your sticking point mini max, whatever it is. Just because you miss your bench press here. Does that mean you're weak there? Think about it. Does that the cause or is that the effect? Exactly. So if you're weak there and all your focuses, oh, I need to do work from here to here because that's where I'm weak. Are you addressing the problem? Are you ignoring this? That's where you got to be cautious when it comes to, oh, you need to do this because of this weak point. Maybe you're missing halfway off the bench because you lowered the bar to dams low. Maybe you're flaring too soon. Maybe it's a technical issue. Maybe your shoulders are not strong enough to be able to push it through. You know, assumptions are being made without taking movement patterns into consideration. None of us are the same. All right, where you miss is the effect not the cause. All right, so if you always miss your deadlift here, doing rack lock outs probably isn't going to solve the problem. If you just got it there, two dams slow. How come you don't miss there when you use lighter weight? How come you don't miss there if you use a reverse band? Could it be because you got there a little faster? Are you missing because you can't strain for that three seconds? You can only strain for a 2.5? Now you're thinking, oh shit, just got real. They get some more complicated than a lot of people make it, is what I'm trying to say. Now, forget all that for a minute. I'm just using that as an example just to show things get way more complicated than a lot of people make it out to be. This here addresses all that crap because we're not addressing a weak point. We're addressing what you know works, what has the highest dot we are addressing the highest carryover, the highest correspondence. We're addressing that. We're addressing how to make that better. Then we're addressing what muscles are required to make that better. You're covering all bases. You need to think differently instead of thinking, this is where the ticking point is, this is what the solution is. That's not what it is. People put it out there to try to make themselves seem like they know what they're doing or maybe they had luck. And they overcame a sticking point because of that reason. And it very well could be what you need to throw in as your supplemental exercise to bring it up. But you can spend all day and night trying to do and exercise as opposed to making stronger off the chest. So you're always weak off the chest in the bench. And everybody tells you do dumbbell presses. Dumbbell presses. Dumbbell presses. You can do dumbbell presses and get 50 pounds stronger in the dumbbell press and it's still stuck on your chest. Why? Maybe you're missing because you can't keep your hats in position to drive your triceps through as you lower. You're addressing the wrong thing. This is impossible to address the wrong thing. Because it's all about addressing the right things and building upon them. Any questions? I'm not that good. Yeah. The article that you put out, I think it was the supplemental worker that's climbing that road. No, what I really covered more so and I'm glad you asked because this is how we can handle this Q-part Q and A-part. I put a bunch of methods. I explained basically what was here. And then I listed different methods. Like I got all the weed or principles by the way, I covered them all. You know, down here. And I gave an example with each one. Your question wasn't regards to what movement did you ask me about. I want to know that the supplemental and accessory work for this block. Okay. For the squat and the deadlift. Let's go with the squat. How much do you squat? I don't give a shit. Just make something up. Why? You can squat 800 today. Everybody can be a champion in here. All right. So you squat 800. You squat 800? How many years have you been training? About 2. 4. Okay. What exercise outside of the squat have you known that's gotten better from you moving from 650 to 800? Boom. There's your supplemental exercise. Now we know we make that front squat better. Your squat goes up. Now how are we going to make that front squat better? That's a question. That's where we want to get into from supplemental work. That's the question that your ask it mean. Different methods that you can go about doing that because that's going to be a supplemental exercise. Actually, it's going to actually be a supplemental or if you train west side, it's going to be a main either way. Obviously, the very simple question. There's simple answers. The answer is heavy sets of 5. Heavy sets of 3. That would be one way. Another way is to do quasi isometrics with that movement. Drop down into it. Come up, hold. Yielding. Actually go the other way. Start. Come down. Stop. Hold. And when I say hold, you're going to hold. Pick away that you're going to hold for maybe 10 seconds. That's actually kind of a lot too because you don't want to blow your colon out. Because it's going to be pretty heavy. You're doing one of box. You know, a front squat down to a box. So you can use the same movement, but just change it up a little bit on how you're going to actually train it. Squat it into pins. Drive into the pin with it. Different things like that. Or just simply doing the front squats and waving it. You can do a week of five through a couple weeks of triples. It then hit a single. I don't know how long. Everybody's different on how long they can wave. A supplemental exercise. Usually three to four weeks is going to be about tops for anybody. More advanced guys going to be too. Now down here, you can wave this crap for a long time. You can stand the same exercise for a long, long, long time. This you can't. As soon as you stop making progress, you need to get out of it and move on to something else. So I would find in your find ways that are more maximal type of methods to train it. The simple most effective is just straight sets wraps and stay with that. And if that stops working, then start throwing in some isometric work with that so forth. Any other questions, yes? So can you have this for a powerful, can you like me just like for any sport? Sports become a little bit different because the question I would ask there is what movement you feel carry over to that sport the best. And this is where we're getting out of my realm a little bit. So very well could be a coach is going to say the squat, yes it does. The deadlift I don't want my players deadlifting. No. The clean yes. So then the clean would go here and then something else could go there. That could be as far out as just being a 10-yard dash. And then everything is going to follow underneath that sequence. It becomes a little bit more complicated. Same philosophy, same principles of playing no matter in my opinion, no matter how you train what sport you train. Because we're just talking about a progression of how to cycle and how to use accessory movements. To maximize whatever your main goal is. The key is to know what has the highest correspondence to this sport that you're working with. And if it starts to expand into a list of more than three to five things, you're already fucked. Because you can't peak on more than that. So narrowing it down is the best. Typically for athlete to this probably isn't going to be there. And that's not going to be there. The bench and the deadlift are probably going to be pulled out from most athletes. For the most coaches that I speak with, they'd rather have something in there like a. A close grip in client, you know, something alone those lines. Other questions. Yes. I said that more advanced than cycle, not as two weeks. In the media, maybe four or six weeks. One of the guys that has improved got grind. I think he probably wanted to buy a few. There are programs like that. And you guys look at books like the power building. They work over and the one who's in the mall. But he keeps the same program. The same access to the corporate. You know why you're saying things like that. Well, he's changing something. If you're looking at it, something changing. You can. You'll have you'll be back in front of the five. You'll be right. And then you'll be stuck to go. Yes. It's changing every week. Exactly. So that's the same. It's changing. Keep in mind when you're dealing, even the slightest change. Can make a huge difference. And this I did not know until after I had my hip replaced. If I squat, say I always squat in this position here. And the only thing I do different between one workout and the next is the one workout I just squat. Pushing with the mids of my foot. Mids all of my foot. The next one I'm actually just trying to take my heels and move the floor part. If all I do is that. The next one is the floor part. And move the floor part. If all I do is that. The contraction, the glute, the completely changes. And the impact and the torque on the joint changes. This is the different workout. This is the different workout. So it's the different workout. Now, bodybuilding wise yes. I would say you can change it every set. If you're trying to build strength and a movement, I would keep it the same for that workout. But Josh is changing something every week. You know what I'm saying? If the percentage, how it's being done is changing everything away. Yes, yes. And that's fine. As long as it's, you know, it's got to progress. It's got to wave. All right. And what you're probably saying is, you know, more here is where at that top level. And that is where you will be dealing with linear periodization, which is what he works with. And other types of periodization, which aren't typically west side based. That movement will never change. I mean, what I do is, I set up a lot of that balance to never change. But guys I work with those movements really never change until. Yeah. This part here, this main part, there's many ways to skin the cat. There's many many, many styles of periodization. That like I said, each one of those would be a whole day seminar itself to explain linear periodization, concurrent. Actually I used to do a seminar that was a whole day just on concurrent periodization. I didn't put any focus here whatsoever. I put all my focus down here so the movements that happen after that. All right, I'll take one more question. Are you seeing a deep creeps of injury? Like this type of pain would you hurt? Like that, yeah. Well, the muscle. You know, we're actually getting muscle to be activated instead of making the sport completely a complete neural, central nervous system activity. You know, we're starting to develop building muscle. We'll make people stronger. All right, I mean, there's repetition method, dynamic method, and max effort method. Repetition method is building muscle. Most of the bigger muscle is a stronger muscle. But in powerlifting and strength sports, that's paid less attention to. Because it's not the greatest, it's fast this way, or the greatest means to end. But it's been ignored. You know, it's not been paid attention to it anyway whatsoever. So now we're able to build those muscles which help stabilize the movements that are actually to be honest or actually being overworked with all the other stuff. All right, I want to thank you guys. So I got just, do you have any announcements to make?