We're going to talk about more work in less time. And as a strength and conditioning coach, how you can get your athletes to improve that training session density. And there's two advantages of this. Number one, obviously, you're in a situation where you don't have enough equipment, enough space, enough time slots, the fit, all of your athletes. And you have too many athletes to train in the amount of space that you have. That's pretty common among strength coaches at the college and the high school levels. Even, there are some situations where you have some of the larger universities where they don't have that issue. But by and large, this is something that strength coaches are going to have to tackle this issue. Secondly, it gets our athletes in a situation where they're getting more work done, they're more engaged with the workout. The one thing that you have to try to avoid at all costs is downtime. And those periods where the athletes don't have anything to do. Number one, when sport coaches at sports coaches relate different things to success. For us, as strength coaches, we feel that if an athlete has adequate time to rest in between maximal sets or dynamic effort sets or a lifting technique, that's one thing that we know that is important. But for some sport coaches, a lot of times they associate that with not working very hard. Whether they're right or wrong, it's in a situation you're in. So can we get the most out of our workouts by getting those athletes more engaged in what they're doing? So hopefully today, I can give you a couple of pointers to help you out with this. So we're going to talk about basically five different things that will enable you as a strength and conditioning coach to get your athletes actively engaged in a better process within your training session. So the five things we're going to talk about is number one, dumbbell, kettlebell, set up, again, these are things that I've used in the past. If you have a better idea, obviously this is what these are for to encourage some dialogue with that. But this is something that really helped most of these that we came up with was either because of someone else's idea that we stole or because we messed it up to the point where we said, listen, we got to make a change. And that really has, was the birth of a lot of these ideas that hopefully can help you in your situation. Back assignments in rotations, that's something that I've talked about in the past. And again, three things with speed of competitive speed groups for linear speed. And then two, agility training modifications that we made in the past as well. So hopefully those will help you. So let's go through with the kettlebell and dumbbell set up. Now here's the issue. Here's the problem. Most weight reserves are set up. And since that the dumbbells or kettlebells are all in one section. So we have racks spread out all across the weight room where we have individual individuals and small groups assigned to each one of these racks. But when it comes down to dumbbell time, they all have to go into same area. Now I've been able to see a couple large weight rooms where their dumbbell area was big enough they could fit a whole team. Or they've been in a situation where all the dumbbells have racks on each side of the rooms and the dumbbells are down the middle. Very good set up that way. Or you even have it in a situation where you have small dumbbell racks associated with each platform. But for most situations, that's not the case. So one thing that we felt that was important for us was to get our dumbbells in a space that was more easily used. I think there's so many times where we have an athlete. Again, if you have two full sets of dumbbells, that's still going to give you two sets of each and maybe four of the same dumbbell at once. So one thing that we would be frustrated with was any time we hit athletes deal, who has a 25? Do you have a 20? Who has a 20? And they're just searching for these dumbbells. They never could put back and then you have a big log jam trying to get the dumbbells out of the rack. So what we do is we set the dumbbells anywhere about 10 feet apart, maybe a little less, and just set them in a line. So again, from lowest weight from 25s all the way up until whatever it was, again, depending on the team, depending on the athlete, depending on the exercise. So we have those set up in a linear fashion, and then basically had the athletes would have their weights on their workout sheets. So they would know exactly what weight they needed for each subsequent set. So if I have to start off with a 25, I would get a line behind the 25 pound dumbbell, or the 36 pound kettlebell, whatever it may be. So they would be in a situation where they could just line up behind executor movement. Now one thing we did that helped is that every single exercise we did with dumbbells will one arm. And the reason we did that was not just because, of course, you get some kind of, it's a unilateral movement, so you get some kind of stabilization. Obviously, the left hip is really associated with the right shoulder, but another thing was, not just the training benefits, but also the safety benefits. So if I'm doing something over here, if I'm doing a dumbbell snatch, I have that other hand there, and I can rotate myself out of arms way as opposed to let you're taking the time to get the athletes to learn how to drop out of a snatch, for example. So it helped with safety, but really the number one thing is that we were able to get more worked on a less time. And this is the now-jagos. If we have four athletes and they have a set of 50 pound dumbbells. Well, if I'm doing an exercise with the 50s, I have athlete A going, athlete B, F, E, C, F, E, D. So that's a one to three ratio from worth work to rest. Now if I could go ahead and give two of the athletes to 50, and the other two athletes to 50, now I have more of a one to one ratio. And even if I'm doing some explosive movements, really that, you know, if they were going to get a bigger weight, they would be able to do that. So I think that's a big thing that a matter of pace that still was manageable. And now it didn't save on time because they had to do obviously double the set because they're doing one arm at a time. But what it did was to keep the athletes more engaged. There was less downtime in between. So we ended up doing one dumbbell at a time. So we had our basically sometimes we'd have an entire workout with just the dumbbells, sometimes it would just be part of it. But we try to set up in that linear fashion, whether it be ketobos or dumbbells. So you know, obviously we would just put them out of your eye side to the weight room or the long along the track, whatever it may be, just to give us a more space. And maybe that can be applicable for your situation. The next thing that we talked about was again, some of these strategies would be, and this is for any time we're doing a training session where we're in the racks or platforms. So these strategies would be doing things in between sets. The way we'd set it up was either we would do mobility or pre-having between sets. Maybe flexibility, ankle mobility in between, you know, Olympic sets, something along that lines. Also doing some complex training, doing some of our explosive movements after a heavy movement. One of the things that was frustrating a lot of times, any time you have a medicine ball drill or a plial boxes. Again, you're limited on how many plial boxes you might be able to have in your facility, not just because of the cost, but also because of storage. So we would want to set up plial boxes, whether they're whatever random sizes, along with those racks so that athletes can engage in some kind of a movement after their actual heavy set. And another thing was just to match up and antagonist movement with whatever means that we have. So again, those are just some ideas and I'll go a little more specifics with those. So the rack assignments, and this is one thing that really helped us, and I talked about this previously, is just having making sure that you know again, how many athletes you have, how many racks you have, and how to incorporate those small groups within those racks. We've spent a little bit more time at the beginning of the session, too. Match up those athletes, sometimes by height, if you're doing, you know, whether it's a squat and overhead or a bench press, sometimes that would alleviate some issues, because again, you wouldn't have to really adjust those j-hooks. The other thing would be just to make sure that you have all those workout sheets that you have, they're training cards, and really put groups that were similar weight all together. So again, the disadvantage is you got all your strongest guys, all in one group, and maybe you want to have some of your stronger guys to bring up some of those guys that are a little bit behind, you know, depending on their strength levels. But from a logistic standpoint, it really helped the workout go much, much, much faster, because there's less changing weights. So any time that we would have per rack, I would much rather do athletes, all the athletes on one rack. I'd rather have, you know, seven-eight-aftly, it's on a rack and incorporate complexes than to split up that team. Because again, if you have an exercise in a specific order, you want the athletes to fall that order. So this is just a guideline that we use. Some of this we got off of Evan Simon at Oregon State. And really, if we had four athletes, excuse me, if we had four athletes again, we would have a spot, and again, we'll use the squad as an example, but it'd be basically you're either spotting, squatting, loading, and then you would, you know, again, you have two loaders, and you really wouldn't have any kind of prehab or extra exercise in there. If we had a five-aftly to be incorporate some kind of a plyometric ballistic type movement, some kind of, you know, again, a lot of talk about post activation, potential, type training. Secondly, again, we would also incorporate, if we had six athletes incorporated prehab, incorporated antagonists and so on and so forth, so they have a pattern. So here's how it looks, what it looks like. If we'd have a rack of somershons, and we'd just go from basically, if you're looking at athlete A through F, for this example, really what happens is, again, the order you would fall would be again, you would be in the rack, and then you would, you would spot, once you would spot, you would be the next one in line. So really what happens is, our loaders are below those, those that rack the bar, they would like a NASCAR pick crew. There's a terminology I like to compare it with, and really, you know, they're just all they're doing is waiting for the next lifter to say, I need this on the bar, and they would take care of it. So that lifter got his hands on the bar, or he's on the bench, he's waiting, the bar's loaded, and they're ready to go. Okay. And then they would rotate from there. So again, what happens is, for an example, and this will be more clear once we go to the next slide. So again, once that athlete A with squat, as soon as he's done squat, he would do some box jumps. Right? Athlete B will be now on the rack. Now these spotters and loaders, you can rotate sides if you want to, or keep on the same side. That's not, that kids will figure it out as soon as they go through once. But just knowing that I know who I follow. So I know that I follow this athlete, so I have to spot him. And that'll keep everything as soon as I'm done spotting, I'm getting in the rack. And I go from whatever it may be. I go from lifting to some kind of a speed or explosive movement to some kind of maybe a pre-hab or flexibility or some kind of antagonistic movement. So people I got this from Toby, Jacobi would want to do, for example, Bantiquees in between Benzzets, just to get that added or, and some athletes want to maybe say, no, I'm going to do some face pulls to activate the antagonist muscles for that particular exercise. That's up to you. That's up to your training philosophy. So that's one way to think about that. Moving on to speed training. Really, it's one of those. You have non-track athletes. So you really have a limit amount of time and how much you're going to be able to run with them. So I'll give you three different drills that will do the first. We're going to be a linear speed. And again, the way we'd set this up and again, hearing this, a lot of people, about 10% would be really on the mechanics. And that's a topic for a different lecture. And really, the number one thing we did, if we did a resisted starts, we would make sure they were in a short distance, make sure that the weight was applicable. So it didn't inhibit the actual, you know, the mechanics of the sprint. And we would follow it up with some kind of sprint that was unweighted. So we would do it, have that contrast involved. And that was probably about 10%. So really, the most effective thing that we've done was to get athletes in a competitive speedgrip. So we've seen this example from John Ciske back when we were very good at it. And also, Pat Ivy, when at Missouri, and a lot of these schools are doing these speed drills. We would keep it to three and I'll show you how we do it. So with these competitive speed drills, we'd have our athletes set up, right? So again, here's our three athletes, and it would be set up. So really, what we want is the coach would be on the opposite side of, there's our first place athlete. This is our fastest athlete. And then we would just set them up in line. So you can do that by position. You could do that by sport, if you're doing multiple sports. So again, this might be all of your midfielders. And this could be all of your attachment and all of your defensemen and lines going through. So basically what happens is once they race through, once they come through and they race. And again, you can set this up by different starts positions. Push up starts, kneeling starts, or tough to do competitive, or leaning starts, falling starts, tough to do competitive nature. But at any time you do any kind of push up starts, scramble starts, kneeling, whatever it may be, lateral starts, you can do it competitively. So once we go through, if those athletes would finish through, so say they race, they're going to do for week one, you're only doing 20s. You don't want to, again, you're not ready to do 40s at that time during your offseason cycle, they would say they would finish through. And athlete two would be first. Athlete three would be second. Athlete one would be third. Basie that coach would either yell out two, three, one. If you have a bigger group, you might have to film it. Maybe you take the average of these. But if you're going to do it, race by race basis, you want to make sure that again, they athletes know who's one. And they don't have an idea. So all of a sudden, the coach would just really, you know, yell out those numbers. So again, when they would get back in their competitive lines, now they would be set up. So again, athlete two, remember, he's in that first place position, right? He's in that first place position. Athlete two now is in what we call the pole position. Athlete three would be second. There is the loser of that particular race, right? We're in a society we have to have winners and losers. But really, competitiveness is something that all four coaches are trying to get their teams to do. You know, get their athletes to compete on a daily basis. I don't know any coach that says that they don't think that that is a can pick carry over to the season. Now, you know, make a true, you know, I don't know if you have to have your athletes be the crap out of each other in the offseason. But just to get them, the compete is really important. Obviously, you'll most coaches feel that way. So that is the next time they race. So again, they would just repeat that however many sets that you have within that, you know, within that process. So the other part would be, again, that was a leapfrog technique. Now what you can also do is either at the end of the session. We would just have an intern right down where they place at the end of that session. They would know when the last race was a lot of times. Sometimes they didn't. For sometimes they want to sandbag. So you have to be careful with that. But again, for most athletes, they're going to be competitive to win every race. And then you're going to reinforce them. Then running full speed is a best component to really develop speed. So now at the end of maybe say every other sprint or every session or every week, whatever it may be, now at the end of this, now they'll go ahead and leapfrog. So what happens is. So if I'm third place in this line, I get bumped down to this line. So these two would switch. Second place stays the same. If you got first place, you move up to the next line. Third place, you move back down to the next line. So now they're competing with a different set of athletes and it changes it up. Now you have those athletes. Maybe you have a line back of that. That's as fast as some of your receivers. He's able to move up and really push those guys. So you're getting the fastest athletes. Now what that does, it helps you determine who consistently, who competes and who is really your fastest athletes without a stopwatch. It's hard to really gauge improvement, but you can at least know where athletes are in comparison to each other. The other thing it does is it's easy to incorporate your training modality within this competitive groups. It's easy really to just time when that first athlete, when that first group finish, hit the timer. We would use basically a version of Charlie Francis, which again, if the sprint takes five, five seconds, you should rest five minutes. Well, we're not track athletes and that might be a little bit extreme. I would never go against that. But for our situation, we really had to. So about two and a half minutes rest. And then you can at least gauge. Hey, we might be going a little bit fast. Again, if you're out there to start recovering between the sprint, you're just conditioning and you're not really working on speed. That's my opinion. So you can really gauge as far as with the stopwatch, the rest intervals. Alright, so moving on, let's look at a jelly training. Please put this up and this is someone from Jimmy Radcliffe, put up between basically speed cuts and power cuts. So speed cuts is really when you're, you know, some kind of a conger. Well, you're actually, you know, lowering that center of gravity, getting that head turned and running around an object. Think of this, you know, a three-cone drill would be the three-cone out drill. You know, the second two turns are really speed cuts. The first two are power cuts. Power cuts is more similar to a five-to-end five. You're stopping planning, pushing off, and going the other direction. These were the things that we would do. So I'll talk to you in detail about how we set up our forecone drill and we set up and how we did some of our incorporated or deceleration methods with our agility shuttle. So let's talk about the forecone drill first. With the forecone drill, the way we set up is again, every five yards apart. We'd have these cones, so they'd be really five by five square. So now you can have a, and again, a long field that, on, on, basically on a sideline and just base the mark off five yards. So really what happens is this is pretty universal and usually it's pretty easy to set up. So what happens is make sure when you set this up that you don't have athletes on this last set of cones right here. All right, because again, this will eliminate some of the drogers you're able to do. So we would just leave one set of cones open and really would execute these forecone drills. No, farce coaching. We would just try to make sure that the athletes, again, full speed to that cone. Make sure they lower the center gravity, speed their feet, get your head turned to the next cone they want to go and make sure that you're explaining every single time. And a lot of these drills, these athletes can still compete depending on how they finish, which cone they finish with. So that's important to do with your drill setup. So for an example, this is a, an idea of an end drill or obviously a reverse end. So again, the athlete would just start coming around the cone down and then finish through the opposite cone. So really what happens is, you know, these athletes will finish on this cone. I start on this, I finish here. And now you can as a coach, you can really see and they can still compete and see who that winner is every single time. Make sure again, anytime you're doing a drill where they're going back to this direction, back to this area, make sure that next group does not step up to line because again, you're having some kind of collision. Right, so the whistle blows, they want to step up the ready to go. Make sure they understand to stay off that line. Some like an L drill doesn't really matter. They're finishing through the same spot. Make sure again, if you have the athletes, you know, you know, lined up on a certain cone, where do you want the line to be? Do you want to be on the same side or do you want to be on the opposite thing on how they finish? Right. So if you're doing just a basic triangle drill or just basically an a drill, just knowing where that athletes finish and can help out. And you'll alleviate a lot of some issues and collisions and you're not going to get frustrated as a coach if you run smoothly. So the next time, again, once you want to go to the opposite direction, depending on where they're at, if they're finishing on the same side of the cone, now you just shift everybody down one line. Now you can do all those drills to the opposite direction. So it's really easy because again, now you just have that, now you have that opposite end cones open. So it was easy. I'll have a list of drills at the end, but it really was one of those easy setups and you can get more athletes working one time. So again, think about how many drill, how many cones you can set up long ways on a short area of a track. Again, you could just maybe use an indoor track and still get a lot of these drills done. So let's move on to power cuts or two same direction drills that we did. The first one would be a ladder shuttle. So what happens is a lot of times is we would always want to make sure that we had some drills set up. So the athlete finishes in the opposite direction where they start. And here's what I mean. So for example, a lot of times we have a 5-10, 5-10, 5-10, 5-10, 5-10, 5-10, 5-10, and back, and there will be fish in through the same area. What we wanted to do is if we had somewhere anywhere between 70, 100 athletes at once, there's going to be a lot of athletes waiting. And again, we talked about that downtime. We want to keep those athletes engaged. So again, for example, this would be an example of a 10-5-10. Now they still get two power cuts. It's not exactly training for this specific to combine tests, but really you're doing a close drill to help them be better athletes. And hopefully that has a carry over to the field or court. If it doesn't, don't do it. So let's run 10 yards, back five, and then finish two-10. So you always have an athlete or a coach to make it sure they're finished and through. With this, I think a lot of times what you can do is same basic principle. Make sure that when that, then at first, grab athletes, finishes, hit the timer, and now you can calculate their rest intervals. The good thing you can do with a very big group is if it goes 5, or I'm sorry, 10, back 5, now you can start this next group. So again, 10, 5, and then you can say go, well, these athletes are finished and through 10. These athletes are already started to do their first 10. So what happens is they can overlap. As soon as those athletes get back from the first line, boom, you can start the next group. And then you can calculate, okay, this is where a little bit ahead, or hey, we need to give them a little bit of rest. So either way, that's one of those things. Now all of a sudden, now they can just jog back to the opposite line. They're active. They're actively recovering, and they're ready to go the next, the next time. So that was something that really helped us just get more athletes competing through the drills. Now, initially, if you want to start off with some desaleration type training, instead of, and again, I would suggest look at Perisee's speed school, Martin Rooney, didn't have some job with that desaleration, but what we started to do was the same basic drills, only we would always start on a lateral start. That's number one, right? You can start on any way one too, but this was the day we started lateral, mostly, either from a knee or standing. What happens is you can have them for the first part, you can have them shuffle, plant, and stop. So they can just stop right where they are. Now you can check their change of direction with can. You can check to see if they have that weight distributed on the leg they need to go to, their full positioning, posture, everything. So again, really what you have is you can have them shuffle, plant, and then sprint, or you can have them go ahead and sprint and stop. What happens is, this drills are the same, but now you're just telling where they need to freeze. So now you're just giving them multiple whistles. Start with a shuffle, then do a sprint, make sure you separate those different sprints with the whistles so you can check that posture and your coaching staff can do the same thing, and then you can incorporate some more of the high-speed stuff as you go through. So it's one of those things you can incorporate that desaleration stuff. With a pro-July shuttle, when we figured out was you really need, again, if this is 0.5 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 yards, you can get three groups. Now the problem with this is you have to a lot some time for these athletes to get back in line. So if I have three to five to seven, however many athletes you could fit on this line, and I'm going to have to, once they finish, I'm going to have to give that nest group some time to finish true. So when this group finishes through, if they're going to go ahead five, ten, five, this group is finished and through, as they finish and through the line, this next group coming up. So it could be a little more hectic. I would suggest this with smaller groups. It is one of those situations where for me, if you really wanted to get them to do five yards first, you can do the other set, the ladder style drills. With this, you have a couple of issues and again, if you have any athlete going the wrong direction, you can have an issue. Plus, some of those athletes, again, when you're coaching them up, you can, you know, they're spread out a little bit more. It's hard to get them attention. I think the other way, once they finish the first drill, they're off the other end. Now you can come down, hey, we're a little ahead of schedule. Let me give them a couple of coaching tips. You got that whole team together. So that's why I like the first version a little better. And then again, there are some issues with this. Not wrong is just make sure you're set up properly to deal with some of these issues that might come up. And again, this is a list of just some of the drills you can do. I wish I had some videos on these. We'll work on that. But really with the forecones, we went from everything from that. That figure rate to triangle L. The three can actually do a three cone. You can do the A and I showed with the end and the reverse end. So, and again, you can add a shuffle to any of those. You can add a back pedal, a U drill. You can be very creative. But again, you always have an athlete. You know, they're always going to start one end. And again, if they finish at the other cone, then you're ready to just, you're really easy to set up. So, you can do the next next drill. They're already shifted down one cone. And then again, for the ladder shuffles, again, these are just a list of, you know, with the volume would be. So, now you can calculate volume. If you want those guys like for us, you know, we wanted to stick around, you know, 200 to 400 yards, 200 yards is really pretty good. Depending on the time of season, depending on where you're at in your training cycle, you can really calculate that. So, again, it just depends on, it's just a different parameter set up. So, instead of starting with, you know, you go five, five, five, you want. You go all the way to where you have almost a 40-yard shuttle where you're going 15, 10, 15, and, you know, for later on in that training cycle. So, you could do all those drills. So, that's one of the ladder shuffled type. And again, you're back to the start line on the other up, sit in, and then your four cone drills too. So, again, those are the five things. How you set up your dumbbells? How to set up your, you know, the rack assignments and how they rotate all the way to, really, the speed, the competitive speed, which is really just any time you get out, these are the competets. It's just hugely important to get to further development. And again, those two types of agility drills, one being the fore cone for speed cuts, one being the ladder shuffle for power cuts. And again, any time you can get those out, I mean, go old school and just the best thing you do with two people's going to get them together and have them race. I know right now we're in these competitive drills. We want to have them wrestling with towels and sticks and everything else. Really, if you're talking about sports, but to line them up and have them race and firm all their teammates might be one of the best things you can do to get them on a spot and you really encourage athletes, you know, it's just like anything else that you do in a weight room. Again, any questions that you have on this and again, this bend a couple of years since since I've been in it, you guys that have been in the game a little bit, again, share some of your ideas. What really helped you get your athletes getting more work done at a high level in less time. Let's share some of those ideas back and forth. Let's get our athletes better with some smart training and some passionate work ethic. So, questions. Again, lead fds.com, backslash categories, backslash education. We'll be where our articles are. So, again, hit us up. Are your strength in conditioning needs? Everything from racks to prowers to specialty bars, we got it. Make sure you hit us up.