I'm going to put this video together to go over what I think is one of the better products that we brought out all year. This is the crock lock. As I like to call it, the cock lock. Anyhow it's a specialty bar collar. Yeah, I just said cock lock. They'll make a better video to replace this one. I'm sure this is me with my phone, so it's going to suck. It's a specialty bar collar. To fit on the any specialty bar. The way it basically works, I'm going to try to do this with the one hand here, is it. The crock shut. So it's a rubber collar. Very sturdy. And you velcro it down to lock it in. And then unlike a lot of other collars on the market that are made for specialty bars, this isn't going to break. If you drop a plate on it, which I've broken numerous plastic collars exactly that way. It's not going to break if you throw it against a wall, which I don't advise you actually do, but it happens in gym some time to time. At least the gyms that I've trained in. The other cool thing with this is it's fast. I mean, so if you're doing a strip set and you need to pull the collar off it, I mean it's on and off in no time. It's actually faster than what a spring collar would be. The other thing with this, which is really cool is for whatever reason you had to have a plate. I'm going to put it on the other side of another plate, which in here with the guys I work with and the training in here, this actually happens more times than you think. This allows you with a collar to put it on inside. Without having to pull the other plate off because it completely opens up. So you can clamp it down in and then. I'm sure you can't see a single one I'm doing right now. And then loop it through. And then strap it down. You know, if you put it on right, you know, it would be against there. The, um, we're that really has more application which will probably make more sense to most of you guys is when using chains. A lot of the time. You're going to be using chains in a power rack or mono or whatever you're going to use it in and you really. You don't want to have the chains. And then you're going to have the chain get caught up on a band peg or to get stuck under the rack. So for us, we keep the chains out towards the end. And with specialty bars, this, this becomes an issue because first off, there's not very many collars that can actually go on the specialty body. Again, with the ones that do go on the specialty bars aren't that good and they don't lock that tight. Here, as I said before, you can put it, you know, one of the, I like keep wanting to say cockwalk. One of the, the cracklock colors inside, you know, to lock it down. What's the meaning you can't see what that one does. Then another one. On the outside. Or you just go with it on the outside. And now your chains are going to go anywhere. The other advantage this has is you can crank these is super tight. So it's not going to go anywhere and one of the, one of the issues that that I've had actually with with meadows to do a quick name drop is we do a lot of high red dead's. And the problem that we have with the high red dead lives is sometimes we've got to put three or four collars on each side just because the bars and the plates banging, you know, with the spring collars or whatever colors that you're using and they're. Keep knocking the plates around and knock the collars on the outside. This is, you know, allow us and does allow us, as we've already tested it. The crank down really, really hard on the bar. So that way it's not going to jar off and you're not going to lose the tightness of the plates. So there's other benefits that will go over a more detail with the crock lot of collars. We got them live on the site now. I just wanted to put this out real quick. Just to kind of show the benefits. Biggest benefit is it's pretty much indestructible. It will fit any specialty collar or any specialty bar will fit any bar. You know, it's rubber. It's not going to break the if the Velcro does wear out in a couple years. We have replacement Velcro. This whole piece here we got replacement pieces for that, which I believe is only going to be around 10 bucks if that. But, you know, keep in mind that that's if the Velcro runs out in three years. Most of the other collars that you have aren't even going to make it three years. So that alone is a huge sales point there because just looking at your gym now, look at how many of those specialty bar collars that you currently have now that are broke. This also won't do any damage to your bar in any way at all. It's all rubber inside so there's nothing to scratch, nothing to scrape, nothing to ruin the bar. The metal pieces there are in our set inside the rubber so they're never really touched in the bar to begin with. So the the crocklock collars, they're the shit man highly recommend. That's collar I've ever used in my life.