We're doing another installment of video inquisitions and we're shooting questions to Josh Bryan. My first question to you has to do with GPP and finishing exercises. In particular, let's start out with the farmers walk. With many people doing the farmers walk, their grip gives out first. What is the best way do you recommend people if someone wants to get good at the farmers walk? Should they do specific work to increase the grip or just do more farmers walking? The best way to get better at the farmers walk is to perform the farmers walking. The farmers walk can serve as a great GPP exercise, 80 in your grip and things like that. You're not going to get somebody to carry over with it pretty much anybody that can handle, say, foreigner, parents, any chance for distance in the farmers walk is going to be a little long to a pretty heavy deadlift. Just because you can definitely do 100 pounds, as a mean, you're necessarily going to be going to be going to be the farmers walk. If your grip is giving out first in the farmers walk, that's an insharing problem to have. Because at some point, you're going to want to work with lighter weights. You're going to want to work with your feet, so you're going to want to at some point. Do heavy weights, because even though when your grip does get strong, when you get strong, it's a grip problem. You're going to want to handle the heavy weights. So say you're trying to work on tests 12 weeks away. And it's 350 pounds, farmers walk in each hand. If you can only grip 300 pounds in each hand, but it's pretty good move with it. Pretty fast. By the time your grip is strong, if you don't want to fill, you know, super heavy when you're running with it. And having a dynamically stabilized, so you're going to want to do some work with straps too. So the way you get better at farmers walk is generally going to be farmers walking. It's not so much like a certain deadlift exercise. To get better at the farmers walk, as much as like bearing, you know, the called the bracketing technique of shop put it where you, you know, you use like a smaller shop put a heavier shop put same thing applies in farmers walk. So you're going to want to do some work. You know, we're going to work on your grip. We go further distance, more time of the retention. Sort of like if you're trying to prove your grinding straight in the bench press, you might do more reps same type of philosophy or should you want to get some greater distance working. You're also going to want to get some speed working, you know, work. The only focus is not real heavy weight. You're going to be able to do some work on this fast possible for real short distance. And of course, you're going to want to get some overload work. And if the grip is on a problem, obviously, you're going to do the overload work without straps. But if it is a problem, you still need to do some, so it's not like a thing where you never use straps. You know, it's a deadlift that's a case. You're still going to want to get some overload work. And you are actually from straps. Of course, you have to break your grip, but you will want to get some overload work straps. And on that same subject with GPP, do you have your people do the proler or sled work at all? And if so, how do you implement that? What it comes to prowler sled work, I do have people I have to have clients and I have used both of those tools that can be done. You know, there's a, you know, can you just be done as a conditioning as sort of a recuperative type thing. Or if there's a building type thing, for instance, one of the, you know, my favorite ones is sled now is biologic extensions of a sled, so like a pull through it, real heavy weight. And that's, you know, a good builder, it's helped bring a cast of time, you know, gets that next level in the deadlift. So, you know, all these tools aren't just for restorative purposes, they actually be done for building purposes. So, you know, for instance, I might, for a built, like a finisher, then we got a bench press workout. So, sometimes we might do, you know, sled flies or even do, you know, but it can also be done as a restore, if it thing, if you say, deadlift, it, you know, a little hard deadlift workout. So, you know, sled pulls with fairly lightweight and just take real long strides and really flush out the hamstrings and boots. So, there's a lot of different ways. I would employ it with people, so it can be done either, you know, as a builder. If you're done this restorative, you know, it can be done anywhere in between. And Josh, do you think that there is significant benefits of having your power lifting clients, do high rep work like, you know, some tries to push down some some reverse hibers, when I say high rep, or talking, like 20 or more reps, shrugs, whatever high rep stuff you recommend, do you have them do that as part of their program, if it's a pure power lifter. And if so, how do you fit that in? There's definitely a time and a place for everything. So, I definitely at some point level out of my parenting clients, do some higher reps. You got to look at it like this. Well, well, our bait, our limits, strength, how much muscular force you can produce in one or all effort regardless of time, aka how much weight you're going to be your base for all that, let it get to the top of these. But just only working strength, only working power, you know, high-purchasing fizz in their tubes of some point you want to want to do somewhat of a high-purchasing fizz that just gives your body a break from handling, you know, the same heavy max effort weights, weekend, weekend, and plus, if you train the same all the time, you're not going to continue to make results because your body image is going to culminate so definitely, you know, the offseason for, you know, for bench press, you know, for some people might want to be able to do that. But, you know, especially on something we're talking about tricep push-cats, that's definitely, you know, sometimes if you have sets of 50 to 100 reps, just to get some blood flow of attendance, so there's definitely that aspect. And it's going to be not for the, generally it's going to be in the offseason for the higher reps and the core movements and the bodybuilding, you know, type movements, but it would say so called powerbuilding. Generally if you're a bodybuilder, you know, it's going to be mostly bodybuilding with the power of support, but they're definitely for the power of your, you have to do some bodybuilding movements with higher reps to work a lot of the week points. If you're, um, triceps are really weak, you're going to have to hit him with some higher rep direct tricep work at some point, so definitely have clients at some point of the year generally do some higher reps. Thank you.