Our first ball, I believe that it really great job. You guys got a ton of stuff thrown at you and clearly you guys were listening. So, Kudos to you and it seems like you get beat up a lot because we don't have time to tell you all the things you were doing right and you'd love to get a lot of things right. You know, we're here to critique you and make you better and clearly you've got a lot of technique that you work on to hit some PRs. So we have three common themes where I talked to all the coach and I saw all of these with our group, which was the best career by the way. No, I'm sorry. So, the re-pring thing that Dave talked about, I'm sure you guys are, it's going to carry over to everything especially the bench tightness. I know a lot of you micro are going to be MF and Morrow for a tight back, tight lose tight hips. For us and muscles, they were not used to using with bench. You know, the bench, when you learn to do it right, there's a full body movement and it's a lot of life drive. But the biggest thing you got to start with tightness and tightness comes from your setup. If you're going to get a good setup, my big thing is doing mental inventory. I start from my hands and I work my way down. Dave might grab that bar tight. I dig in nice and tight. While you're trying to get tight up into your traps, you want to be tight, into your lats. You're squeezing someone's finger back there. That work way, way down. I squeeze my boots, my hips are tight, all the way down to my heels. That's my mental inventory. That's what I did every time my bench until it became second nature. Now, much like everything else. You're going to stay that tight through the entire lift. So a lot of people who's not a lot of people collapse in the bottom. They thought they'd generate some speed. You keep in the bar, now, you want to stay that tight through the whole lift. My time is probably at a nine on the decent. That might have to push one percent harder with my legs when it comes into the bottom. Leg drives worth about a good 10 percent here at that time. You learn how to get a leg drive up, your bench is a skyrocket immediately. So, I did that mental inventory. I go from my hands, or all the way down to my heels to make sure everything is tight. All of you can get tight around the bench. Stay tight throughout the entire bench. One thing, the other thing we saw, the coaches was slow descent. As the weight got heavier, you guys slow that hard down a lot more. This is not time under tension. You want to know what John Meadows go ahead. You ain't getting any after points. You're going to have to get all the while here. Get that bar down on your control. When you are tight, you can let that bar come in. If you're loose, you let it come in. It's going to collapse you. That's why tightness is important. Yet that bar down, if you're a little aggression, you should be able to bring the bar down. Whatever you bring the bar down with 50 percent, you should be bringing it down with the same speed with 100 percent at your max. Shouldn't be any different. One thing that goes along with the set, I think some of you might be along comfortable, was a lot of this goes into setup and the setup. Over talking, the quick benching is really brutal. A lot of people are saying, I'm going to talk on the bench. You see a lot of people with their wrists behind your elbows. It's a horrible position to press on. You always want your wrists to line with your elbows. So, if you're going to take your stuff, watch from the side. You'll see your wrists are caught back like this. You're turning your bench pressing to an extension. You can bench a lot more than you can extend. You'll be able to lower the bar in much faster and better control if you're riscer over the elbows. If the bar placement's not good, that's why it's going to be slow to set because it's not in the right path. Foot placement. Foot placement was a big thing for a lot of you. And again, when I told my group, I showed them how light bench, just because I benched that way it doesn't mean you should bench that way. A lot of coaches talked about people just because you can get your legs and inch behind your head under the bench, doesn't mean you should. Artigate is great, but if you're not getting maximum leg drive out of your setup, then you're not in good position. It's also okay to bench that roller's was good. He's able to get his best bench just when his feet were out in front of him. Showed something guys from our crew. You don't have to talk to all the way out here to get good leg drive. You can actually have your feet in front of you and try to push through your toes while in the back of the bench. Foot placement is a big deal. So we need to get a good setup. You need to be tight. The whole way through the lift from the top to the bottom. You don't want to be too slow. You want to be aggressive with the bar. And foot placement is really going to generate a lot of your leg drive. And that's what we saw. But tightness almost like what Dave said with swatting. Tightness will correct a lot of that. You get your tightness ready to be able to bring the bar down in a good path. Find out, keep being tight in your setup and find out what best foot placement is for you. Now I often say if you change your foot placement up, I would give it usually four to six weeks. I would usually give it. You're never going to generate perfect form in one session. It's like switching from sumo to conventional. If you're a conventional developer, you just come up and pull a sumo. You're not going to pull your best conventional that day. You've got to give it time. So if you change your setup, give it time. Sometimes you have to take step forward. You don't take step back to take two steps forward. All right. Good job, everyone.