So this is another installment of So You Think You Can Delive. So we went over the deadlift, we broke it down the conventional pole, now we broke down the sumo deadlift as an accessory exercise, but same methods and rules apply. The first accessory exercise we're going to use is not a deadlift or any of the exercises the good morning. Back in the day we used to utilize this a lot for max effort. I've become to realize that I think it's more of a repetition exercise. So I like to keep the reps at least above six, but I've been experimenting a lot with doing sets of 45 seconds. So for you guys that want to try some new stuff, that's great. The first thing of the deadlift is especially in his weak point is I want him to try to maintain his back arch as much as possible. So it's not just something we crawl in and you lean over. I want him to really accentuate the arc. And his lower back arch is long as he possibly can. This will do two things. And we'll teach him to keep his lower tailbone muscle tight and strong. And two, it will increase his hamstring flexibility, which will better his position off of the floor and allow him to be in a better mechanical position. So with that being said, we're going to do a good morning out of straps. He's going to go down until his muscles bottom out. We're going to try to maintain a proper arch. Which is a single. Just do like a bar. So he's going to stay in his same foot position. He's going to try to arch his back as much as possible and arch his head as much as possible. Good. Stand. Now what we're going to try to do is keep our knees as straight as we can. We're going to keep our knees as straight as we possibly can in order to make sure that we're hitting the muscles that he directly needs, which is tailbone control and hamstring flexibility. That's good. So what we're showing there is basically a good morning that's tailored to his weakness. Number one. Number two is if you're doing this exercise correctly, you should feel it in your hamstrings about 80% of the movement. So if people get on it, man, my lower back is killed. Your technique wasn't perfect. The perfect technique is going to put the pressure directly on your back part of your knees and your hamstring belly itself. This is where you need some more flexibility and this is where his lower back is going to get secondary work through the hamstring. So we would implement this for three sets of 45 seconds. We work up to a weight where 45 seconds was about all we could do. Because remember with the accessory work, at least 60-70% of the time you're trying to develop functional muscle mass. So doing heavy singles with this type of stuff is not always going to be beneficial. The most beneficial thing is to get volume. So we want to set the weight where he can get six reps up to around 45 seconds which could be 10 to 12, 15 reps and build up that functional muscle mass.