Everybody see Colstgaard here for EliteFTS.com. We have a special guest today. All the way from Cyprus. We have the leader of the Bicep Nation, Clint Darden. Nice to be here. And we're just going to win the interview. We're going to go with a little bit about your background. A lot of people you've answered so many questions online. People have a good grasp of your knowledge base, which is pretty extensive. But we want to know where that comes from. There's been numerous theories about your background. You've been linked to international spiderman. That's true. You're ALS, Mr. Eastwood. Yeah. We'll have to link that down here somewhere. How far do we go back? Let's start off. I'm guessing you probably have that story of the concrete weight set. Is that where you started? Where did you begin? I began probably my first love in sports as martial arts. I was an national level competitor for a long time. I tore all the muscles across my lower back. I just began going to the gym as rehab. I would have been 16. We began to rehab when I was 16. I learned that as I did get stronger in the gym, I don't even get bigger and I got to show off for the ladies. But then I got better at sports. That was a big thing for me in the gym. I trained in the gym for several years before I actually moved to an actual garage gym because I'm like most gyms didn't really have even then what I wanted to do or when I wanted to do it. But you know that really got me started. When did it become more serious? It's crazy that sounds I can't remember a time where I went to the gym and just played. The first day I went to the gym. I squatted in the Smith machine with the empty Smith machine bar and I went down and didn't come back up. I benched press. We didn't have boards back then so we used a towel on the bench press. On I took 95 pounds down and then the guy pulled it off of me. That was my first day in the gym. Then right after that I mean every single training session was just going as hard as you can. When I began working on my own it became about a flex magazine and what I read here and there. All this was way before the internet. There wasn't there any resources. There was nobody to talk to about actual strength training in that respect. But I think probably in college once I started realizing that I was getting a little bit stronger. Even though I wanted to be a bodybuilder per se and be bigger there was nothing that made up for the feeling that I got when I squatted or bench pressed or once I finally deadlifted. Even heavy rows or chins or overhead presses. You just fell in love with it. And slowly but surely I got older. I fought less and less and the gym was right there. What did you get involved in the competitive strength sports? I think there was a time through college and I think everyone's going to go on through this. And I went to college for a long time. We discussed this earlier. I mean I had my bachelor's was the greatest eight years of my life. That four year degree was an amazing eight year process. There was a certain point where I was really really poor and broke and I worked all the time and went to school. I didn't have the money for a gym or to go to the gym. I didn't have the time to go to the gym. So I built a place that trained in my parents garage. My squat rack was 255 gallons steel drums. I laid a bar across it. Good morning the bar up. Step back. Squatted. Put it back and that was my gym for a long time. I've competed in sports all my life. Whether it's baseball, basketball, martial arts. So that's not just enough for me just to go in the gym and train. I've got to have a goal of purpose. There's got to be something really going on important with what I'm doing. So I picked up an old mile of magazine and I'm flipping through there and I got more involved and just what I could do at home. That was kind of what got me involved in strong man. I'd blown it up. I wanted to weigh 300 pounds. I'd bulked up to I think 306. I promised myself once I did that. I was going to get in shape. There was kind of a transition period where I wanted to do something other than just training at home. I didn't want to be a big fat slob that got out of breath walking to the kitchen. I wanted to do something more productive and in this magazine it showed Tennessee Strongest Man which was like 45 minutes away from my house. Signed up, went, competed, took dead last, absolute dead last. I think in every single event, much less overall and there were so few competitors that I still qualified for nationals. So at that point, my parents were hooked because it was like we were back in Marshall Arts again. The family were going places to compete. Nationals were in Texas. We all got in the car and drove and as a family we were competing and all were all staying and one whole tail together. Because when I was in Marshall Arts we had a big full-size conversion van. So every Friday we all got in the van and we would drive 16, 20, 24 hours to a competition. You compete all day Saturday, drive back Sunday. So it was the family was all back together. I went to nationals and I got second my weight class and then you just get addicted. It's what can I do next. You hang on that idea that tomorrow is going to be better and better and better. The rest was just one contest at a time. Training for something bigger and having a whole lot of fun on the process. Did you have any mentors along the way or did you have to kind of find your own path? As far as with strong men, Bubba Melton held the Tennessee Strongest Man contest that I first went to and he was the closest he had the closest strong man gym at the time. That was 45 minutes away and they trained at eight o'clock on Saturday mornings. So right after the competition, right after his first competition getting prepared for nationals, I decided that, hey, if I'm going to get better at this, I've got to travel, I've got to go train, I've got to learn, and he had everything there. So every other Saturday I drove down to train with him. And he actually has a pretty bad medical conditions and I trained with him on the morning that he passed away. He passed away the night after we had trained together. But I mean, he was really probably the first person in Strongman and if for the people who are watching us, if they ever met Bubba Melton, they know that he was a big inspiration for a lot of people. He was North America Strongest Man for many years. And seeing him and having someone like that at a point, I think in my strength career where nobody was helping me. You're literally on your own. And a lot of guys watching this again, they know what I'm talking about because you're in a garage gym. There's nobody helping you. This was before internet really and it's just you and a bar in a rack and you need help and there's no one to help you. And he was really the first guy to step up and say, here, do this. This is technique for stones. This is the log. Let's look at your deadlift and make corrections. And his passing was really tough for everybody in the sport. And I remember Nationals that year was really, really tough. Not from me, but for everybody. He was obviously the predicted winner again. So it was kind of, it was tough. And he was probably my first real mentor when it came to Strong Sports. And tell people kind of briefly how you got to Cyprus from you know, if I tell you once or my wife can tell you another version of this, but you know, the short, short version of my wife and I met at school and she had to go back to Cyprus for work. And I really had nothing major going on here, work wise and career wise. So it was a great opportunity for me to go over there and be with her. So, you know, to make myself sound great, you know, it's the ultimate of romance. I mean, you give up everything. And I'm from a really, really small town in Kentucky. I was not looking for a short little foreign girl. And she did not like American people. And she did not like big people at all. And, you know, but the first one that we met, it was just, you know, it really was magic. And from our first date, we saw each other every day for, I mean, for ever as long as I can, as long as I can remember. So, you know, I mean, she would have given up anything to be here with me and I would have given up anything to be there with her. So, move there and the rest of being a trophy husband is just, you know, that's cake right there. And what is the lifting scene like there in Cyprus? You know, I want to say mostly everything is bodybuilding, but there, you know, we're looking at maybe 15, 20 people that actually compete in bodybuilding. So, it's just, yeah, everybody goes to the gym. I mean, everybody I know goes to a gym. That's just part of life. And in a large part of Europe, that is a large part of your being culture, that's like saying, you know, you know, you know, it's like asking someone, you know what ESPN is. Everyone knows what ESPN is. You know, everybody knows how to go to the gym, or at least that you're supposed to go to the gym. So, you know, fitness is at least something that everybody does. As far as strength sports, there's really nothing when it comes to power lifting. There's nothing when it comes to strong man. So, if you want to compete, you've got to get on an airplane and fly somewhere. You can't just get in your car and drive. And I've been really, really blessed this year with, you know, being a five-minute drive away from our national gym and training with some amazing Olympic weight lifters. And that's been a blessing in itself. Okay. We're going to cut now. We're going to do another segment. And next time we'll talk a little bit about what you're doing business wise now. Great.