The most important thing for me for training is your technique. So it must learn how to lift properly and safely. Outside of that, I've got people in my gym that do a number of different programs and I can give them direction. But my personal training methodology is very simple. I train the three lifts three days a week. So I've got a bench day, a squat day, and a deadlift day. And I've got what I call a pump day. Basically it's kind of a full body, body builder-ish workout. Sometimes I do it. Circuit training based, sometimes when exercise after another. But that day is really for hitting some volume, recovery, blood flow. On my main training days, I work up to a heavy-ish weight, but not maximal. So it's slightly submaximal, very close to. An example would be I would work up to something that I could probably triple or quadruple, and I would hit it for a double. And I would do that over and over and over again, so that I have multiple chances to practice my first set, my setup. So it's not just my physical game, but my mental game, my cues, my practice of technique. And opportunity to do that. But also still have some pretty decent, explosive training. I don't have anywhere in my training really a true speed-based work, so I'm actually doing that with the heavier because I'm never training into that failure mode with the exception of test areas. So I'm not saying that I don't work up to heavy singles doubles or triples, but that's not the standard of what I do on a regular basis. So that would be the core movement. After that, I do basically three assistance exercises. So three things that are supporting that movement. So bench day, maybe I'm hitting shoulders and triceps. Very simple. Deadlift day, I'm very, a lot of people are very posterior, chain focused, where I spend a lot of time on upper back and lap development. So that's what I would choose on those days. Other than that, very simple. So squat, bench, and deadlift three days a week. Three additional movements on top of that. So day a week, high volume, typically 100 reps per exercises, probably four exercises total. And that's the approach. Varies a little bit. I change movements kind of frequently on the core movement. So I may do variations with bars, bands, chains, different variations of the lift. And the accessory movements, they can change on my mood. Really what I want to do that day, or maybe I may be doing some of the things that I find very beneficial for long periods of time. I may do the same movement for six months or even a year. If it's something that I'm working for specific development. Yes, so I do want them to be pretty explosive. And I use a measurement and device to measure that, but you don't have to do that to follow, you know, my system. It's actually interesting because we have that measuring device. So it holds us accountable in the gym to know what that is. But at the same time, after using it for time and knowing that it's going to be used, myself and many of our lifters can call the speed before it reads out to the tenth place. So it's measuring in meters per second. So we'll be like, that's 0.32 meters per second. And it may be 0.3133 or dead on. So it's really interesting over time that you do that. But as lifters, our ego is always having effects. So if you don't have something like that, you still have to make sure that you've got some way to keep yourself honest and go, oh, no, that was faster than last week. Oh, yeah, that definitely was. Let's add some more weight. And so you've got to have some way of doing that. So it could be as simple as a timer or stopwatch or just video review, filming it. And then the next time, let's review, let's look at this one. Because you've got to be consistent at least with that to know whether you're improving or not. Because otherwise, you'll just continually drift up and be closer. Next thing you know, you'll be doubling what you can only double. And then you're losing the benefit of the programmer system. And I always coach it as if I'm doing doubles, it's something that should look like it would be an opener at a meet. It's a heavy weight. And you've got to be set up properly. You've got to think about everything that you need to do. You can't just walk up there and just do it. But it needs to be fast and explosive. Because you've got to save that effort so you can hit your second and third attempts that mean. It's really my dropping point. So if I can maintain speed, I'll hit three sets. If I've got my third set, they're still moving acceptable. If it's still moving, good, I'll add a fourth set. If it's still moving, good, I'll add a fifth set. So that allows just to basically another variable. So I can do a couple different things. So one I could take what I could only do for two or three sets and try to work that up so I can maintain speed over time and hit four or five sets. Or I could take something that I'm hitting five sets, but I want to move it faster. So it's another variable. Keep the weight exactly the same. And move it faster than the previous week. And then the next week, move it faster than that. Or you could take another direction and go. Okay, here's the given bar speed and I'm hitting my three sets, four sets, five sets, whatever it is. So I'm going to bump the weight up and hit the same speed. And then I'm going to hit bump the weight up again, the next week and hit the same speed. So it allows you a number of different iterations to play with to see improvement. And so I'll play around with those different ones given on, you know, depending on what I'm trying to accomplish at the time. So the bulk of my training time I'll spend doing a method similar to that. So basically I'll have a wave of either increasing the weight trying to maintain the speed. Basically any of those iterations we talked about could be a mini three or four week wave. Is I get towards a meat? I will actually move more to including some some test periods and seeing where I'm at because I've gotten the benefit of the explosive strength development. So I've already got that. Really it comes down to for me as it gets close to meat time is dialing in and finding out where is your peak strength that and how is that everything that you've done over the past 12 weeks going to set you up for performance at the meat. So that's where you'll see me working up to a heavy double or triple seeing where I'm at and then actually progressing further. Basically four weeks out from a meat I like to that's where I like to be hitting my third attempt at a meat. So I dial that in the next week. I'll work up to my second attempt and then two weeks out from the week from the meat. I'll work up and hit my opener. Same time I taper my volume down. We talked about the three assistant exercises. I'll taper that from three to one in zero. So at the same time I'm tapering both the maximal effort. So a month out I really know where I'm at for a strength level and then I taper that prep for the meat and then I taper my volume leading in. I think it's something a lot of people it's just a genetic in the fact that it's another factor. So a lot of people say, oh well this lifter has great genetics and developed mass. I think that there's another set which is how fast people were cover and that actually has a pretty big impact I think in both powerlifting bodybuilding, any of our strength sports. There's a lot of people out there professional top level world class athletes that say, I'm the best because I outwork everyone and I would love to say that too. Most people if they tried to follow what I do would get crushed. And that's the case with a lot of other people as well. It's not that they're outworking everyone but not everyone's going to be able to recover from that level of workload. And I think it's just one of those genetic factors that kind of people don't think about. And certainly from an athlete perspective I think a lot of people that they're sitting in my seat would love to say, you know, because it feels good for the ego. I'm here because you know, I worked harder than everyone else. Yeah, but you did that but you were also capable of recovering from that. And that's important to note and you've got to set the ego aside a little bit to understand that not everyone has the ability to do that. It is an all just work. Obviously, everything has to come together. You've got to be intelligent about your training. You've got to work hard but you've also got to be able to be able to recover. It does come down to exactly how I coach people. So I don't do any one-on-one training with people like writing programs and telling people exactly what to lift. Technique is the first thing. That's the only thing I really care about and do one-on-one coaching with people on his technique. What I do coach them on is how to learn and feel how their body is responding. What is giving them a good training response? How are they recovering so that they can make assessments? I have no value in developing athletes. I want to develop coaches. And so I can't just write a program until somebody hear follow this. That provides no benefit for them as an athlete. But if I can teach them to coach themselves and that works really well because I also have a number of different lifters. We've got a pretty large gym so I've got people following you name the training methodology. There's somebody following that training methodology at my gym. So they may ask me for advice and I can refine and give them some direction. But all of my direction is based around trying to get them to be able to. They get them to be able to coach themselves, develop their own training method. Because it doesn't matter. It does matter but there is no single program or method that works for everyone. The best result is always for the individual to learn how their body responds to specific training stimulus and how they recover from it. If that's optimized, that's how you achieve the best that you're going to.