I'm here with Chad Ike's, my name is Steve Colzkott, so you're a content manager for leadfts.com. And Chad, I wanted to brush up on a question about the biggest obstacle that you had to overcome in your lifting career. Without a doubt, the biggest obstacle is my sleep, which I've written a lot about and some people complain about hearing it. But when I started my log, one of the things I talked to David about is I want to write down everything that affects my lifting. So that somebody can read my log and go, hey, I had these problems or hey Chad adjusted it for this. So I always wrote about it. And for those that don't know, it basically, when my sleep's good, I don't get states here for it else to sleep. I've had a bunch of sleep studies and I think I got 30 seconds of stage 3 at one point. And it ranges from that to complete insomnia where the most, I think I did, was a 2007. The year I crashed with like 1170 something, I had been up for nine days before that meet. And then I was up another three or four after it was, I think it was a total of 14 days with no sleep. And that also turns into some dealing with some severe depression at times. That was always my biggest obstacle. And the biggest effect that it had on me was my recovery is horrible. I mean, absolutely horrible. And I can tell, especially looking back, being in a position I'm now looking back at what I did, I go, wow, I screwed a lot of things up and I made it actually worse because I wouldn't back off. Or if I would have backed off, I probably would have recovered a little faster. I would have had to take less time off training, but I would have recovered faster and probably would have got stronger. So dealing with that was really tough and also having my own team of guys, it's like, you got to kind of none of them have sleep problems. So they recover way faster than me. So I got to set up a program where we can all, we're all making the best gains we can. And we're all in there for each other in heavy days and it's helping with gear and spotting and all that stuff. So it's kind of like a puzzle trying to put everything together and fit it. And still to this day, I'm a super aggressive person and I hate not lifting heavy. And I hate not going to the gym. So it's a struggle for me to go to a chat. You better off just going in and helping today. And that's even worse. Going in and helping my partners lift heavy, he's like, just hate it. But I had to look at it as word do I want to be and what am I going to be and what's going to get me that it fastest? I did the drop in body weight, make your sleep any better. No, because I've had sleep problems since I was in about fifth grade as the best I can pinpoint when it started to happen. And I've been skinny, chubby, like everything in between. The only thing it does make it easier to deal with. I mean, if you don't sleep all night or you have a really bad night and I get up at 330 body weight, it's all at easier to deal with than being 385 or 390. What do you think? What did they find it to be? Is it like something nervous system? You're not able to amp down to sleep or what? Actually, they have not been able to figure it out completely. There is a syndrome called alpha delta wave intrusion. Or basically your brains and alpha waves. Then when you sleep, it'll kick down in the delta waves, which puts you in the delta sleep. And there's a disorder where it'll shoot. Your brain will kind of start going into delta. It'll start shooting out of a wave sporadically, which kicks you back out. The best thing they had for that was GHB, which is basically the date rate drug. Doctors are pretty picky about giving prescriptions for that. But I obtained some and tried it and it really didn't do much. Try to understand yourself. Yeah. I'm myself. I don't need it for dating. But I do notice that on the subject, dropping weight and backing off a little bit, trying to let my body kind of heal up so I can start ramping up again. I have noticed that one of the few drugs I found that worked as Sarah Quill. I'm one lower doses than I've ever been on in getting the same result, which is not awesome sleep. It doesn't knock me out and I wake up in the morning. That doesn't happen. My best nights, I'm probably up 30 times. But on that, I'm taking way less doses than I have, which I kind of attribute to letting my system heal up. What type of injuries have you had to deal with your career? I don't know if I'm talking about Dave, my injuries don't seem that bad, because my joints are actually really healthy. I had a guy helped me out with my hip, because I've had a hip injury for a long, long time. Many videos you see me pulling. I'm hurting bad by the time I'm pulling. We actually went and did an MRI and the doctor asked me, is that can I keep the MRI your hip and I'm like, yeah, why? Because I'm going to show people what a hip's supposed to look like. Because you lift this massive weight and you got the hips of a 19-year-old. So my joints are actually really good, but my muscles are just right. I have an enormous hole in this hamstring, my left hamstring, which I tore. I think it was the old, oh, seven Arnold, maybe. Something like that. I tore like six weeks before and then I tore it again on my opener. I've torn this pack like three times, which it's pretty much nothing right here now. I tore this tricep head pretty good where you can actually see the inner heads missing that bunch of meat, little tears in both biceps, I've strained my back pretty good a couple times, which could have had slight tears, I'm not totally sure. I just hurt and I figured, I do what you got to do. What's your key to getting past those? That's nice. I think with torn muscles, one of the biggest things is first of all, Ice immediately and continue icing. I'm a huge, huge fan of ice just because it gets swelling out. I'm smelling is going to slow recovery. I know a lot of people, oh yeah, Ice at last night. Ice it, Ice at every day, a couple times a day for a month, until it's better, just keep icing it. With torn muscles, I find stretching, light stretching, right away. When I tore my pack, I go, Ice and I start doing some light stretching and work it a little bit because you want to keep that muscle long and straight and you don't want scar tissue laying down in a wrong way. As long as you don't over stretch it, you're really not going to do any damage to it. Any more that's already done anyway. Ice it, thank you.