Okay, bands and chains. Anybody here who's bands and chains? And I would have talked about this in the bench press too, but we're already running a little over time here. So, again, this is one of those things that can be a little crossed over. This is a reverse. Anybody here who's trying to reverse band ed left? Okay. So, all he's going to do is basically look, instead of pulling against the bands, the bands are going to assist them. See that? How it's hanging from the top of the squat rack? So, we have any problems in that. This, he's actually doing like, this is supposed to be a max, but he's actually does it pretty easily. Hi, I hope this needs you. Yes, order. Yeah. Bet you it was inspired by that. Yeah, it makes sense. Okay, so bands and chains. We've all heard of these recommendations for bands and chains where people are doing like, you know, three times the bar weight and bandwidth and, you know, 14er pounds at the top and like 95 pounds of the bar. So, that's fine for a quick lifting. It's just, that's not our MO. We don't roll that way here. So, that's great for them. But for all lifting, we're going to use a guideline of 10 to 25 percent. So, you know, if you're dead lifting 400, you're going to have anywhere from 40 to 100 pounds of bander chain, tension the bar generally. That's not like a law or principle, but that's a pretty good guideline. Okay. Then that's why I showed you right there, it was reverse bands right there. So, not only do you have to pull against them, you actually use them to assist you and it's going to have a similar, it's going to be actually, you know, it's going to feel, you can even set the bands up where, if you're doing it, you can, you'll have all the weight yourself like about right here. So, you just have to find a completion of a deadlift. So, pretty cool. Okay, lightning deadlifts, everybody's done these or heard of these. Okay. Beautiful lift for development. These help develop speed and the speedless. This is the great Travis Christie. See there you go. So, what we did right there is, you see how the chains run the bar, and pull them off, okay. So, that's the whole purpose right there and, sorry, this PowerPoint, I have to keep clicking it. What the lightning deadlift does is it adds an eccentric overload because it's sort of like a weight, it's like a poor man's weight releaseer. It's all it is. So, we're going to do 40 for this purpose speed. We're going to do 40 to 60% bar weight of your max. Okay. So, if 25% chain weight, 4 to 6 sets and I go to the standard build speed and the speed less lift or so, what this is going to do is teach you to pull so fast we're wanting to bypass your sticking points. This is great to use close to me time if you want to just fill explosive and like I would say it sort of a poor man's alternative to a weight releaseer. Okay. So, some of the isometrics we're going to talk about for the deadlift real quickly. Here's, we're lucky enough to have this person in the house tonight. We couldn't find anybody else to model for. So, we. So, right there, his point of his fastest or like hypothetically his heart as he can. So, we're going to remove that the pen that he pull up is explosively his can. So, he's going to like on the bench press. It's a prison art isometric but a little safer. Okay. So, that's going to be a great way to eliminate a sticking point that I call those isodynamics. I had never heard of me forces made up of term. Okay. Then of course we have your isodynamics inside of power rack. Two competent spotters that can actually pull the pens out. You want it about 60% of your one rep max. And the pens are set at your sticking point. The whole purpose of isometrics is to get rid of sticking points. It's a sticking point eradicate or. So, you want to pull as hard as you can for five to six seconds. Return to the bottom, explode up as hard as you can. This type of movement would of course be applicable to any of the big three. You can do this on any of the lifts. And generally, you know, about 60% of your one rep max. All these you're talking about, and let me down to see about more conventional. The only problem with similar would be if the rack wouldn't allow you to do it. But it would absolutely transfer to be, do you have the equipment to accommodate it? Absolutely. Yeah, it could be done. I mean, if you really want to increase your better row, this could help it. I mean, not that it would probably work the time, but I mean, for any lift. So, the next one's isometric cat contrast. You do this inside a power rack. You're going to do it again with this one with, um, you're going to do it with just the bar as hard as you can. Rest a couple minutes. Then go pull 68% of your one rep max is explosively as possible. Again, this would be very applicable to any of the big three. This one actually works really well with, um, with squats. Yeah. Now let's talk a little bit about, um, the deadlift supplementary movement. So you're asking about it and pulling it back, there's your picture. Okay, so the first one we're going to talk about the first success removed when I really like is the Olympic pause squat. So as Troy was saying earlier, that's a high bar, close stance squat, like an Olympic lift or uses. Your squat is lowest possible. Keeping good form like don't get that anterior pelvic tilt or butt when you want to recall it. You want to keep your torso upright. Keep your stance similar to your deadlift stance. If you want to get the direct transference, keep these in the one to five rep range. These are actually a beautiful tool for physique enhancement. When I was like weighing a lot and, you know, eating at Chinese buffet every day, I still was able to see some good quad definition upon implementing these. You're going to have to do a little more of what you said at low bar. Well, this is a little more, this can be way more like quad dominant right here. Yeah. So you're going to work with both. Yeah. And you're going to get a bigger range of motion too because your narrow stance and your going deeper. So what are you going to be better if you work like you do with the big change? I've always done these in hill lifting shoes. Yeah, absolutely. Good question. Okay. So we're already tough. I'm going to run slow. This seems not working. Okay. Next block pulls. We talked a little bit earlier about rack pulls, right? This is block pulls. This is what this sort of land of the person I was talking about. So these are about six inch blocks up before. You see the blocks under there? Yeah. Okay. Okay. So why would we do this instead of a rack pull? This seems like a hassle to set up. Like you said really the flex of the block. The flex of the block. The main reason is the flex of the bar. So. So obviously block pulls can be used to targets specific spots. What's the problem with block pulls that we have? Anybody? Good point. Any other problems? People like to be good at things. So the problem is if I'm having a sticking point right here, I can maybe like turn this into like a pseudo like quarter squat and get this like there. I'm going to, you know, the 1200 pounds right there. But you know, I've even broke my deadlift plateau. So the Russians call it dynamic core spawn. It's where actually getting the transfer training to what you're after. So Casmire, you know, you guys all know Bill Casmire's? He took it to an extreme. He used to do rounded back pulls. Not saying that's a safest way to do it, but he said every time it's a deadlift he'd be like this. So he'd practice strengthening that way. Actually from a transferring of training standpoint, that's more logical because that's what he's actually trying to strengthen. But that's the issue with these is don't become a hero on him. So don't don't do your strong point. You know, don't don't alter your techniques. You can lift more of that kind of thing. Okay. So these are actually really good technique reinforcement for like tall lift or so. A lot of my really tall people. I'll have them their primary deadlift movement's going to be like three inches off of floor rather than like right on the floor. Okay. And like we talked about the flex of the bar that's huge. If you're just general fitness, probably not the biggest issue in the world. If you're training to be the best you can be, and power off to that is an issue. Okay, dead squats. Anybody ever done these before? These obviously help your squat too. These are really good for a similar deadlifter. She's getting down. So this is going to build Spartan strength of the bottom. He's just squatting dead weight up from the rack. And if you guys here, who are actually trained here works out here? Okay. You got to safety bar, right? Makes it even more. So norm, you could still get under there with safety bar. Yeah, I mean, you might not be able to with the regular bar, but we found a way for you so you can do these. So some of the dead squats obviously eliminate the stretch shortening cycle. Do these for singles only. You're going to look at the weight, the rest period in the sets. You're not going to ever add reps. They build power for squats. They build power right above parallel. And that's a lot of times when people actually stick because they get that elastic energy out of the bottom a couple inches, then they get stuck. This will help you power through that spot because from that position, just about an inch or two above parallel, there's no way to really make it like more friendly. It's going to be hard. It's going to make you more explosive. And I don't know why more people that are training for athletics don't do this. It's there's not a very high learning curve too. So who here has done deficit deadlift before? Okay. What is that? Yeah, we should do that without less having to do this decision. Yes. So here's me doing a deadlift. I don't do power out anymore, but everyone wants to go heavy. Here's me doing deficit deadlifts. This is me, my friend, right, L.I. fitness and there was just kind of we never go there and it was kind of kind of fun to cause a commotion there. A Robx box there. That's not a good idea because it gets. Yeah, it actually wasn't as high of a deficit by the end. It was really flexing and pretty good. But I actually have like at the gym, like platforms that are just built. I got some of my garage. There's built for deficit deadlifts. They weren't like, you know, for something else. So that's it's a great lift for developing, you know, starting strength. But if you don't have the, you want to keep them under four inches. You want to do singles primarily because we don't want to take advantage of that longer stretch or any cycle. They build starting strength. They even build lockout strength is such a long pull. It really feels like you're doing two movements if you're doing them correctly. But if you have like, don't have the mobility to really do a regular deadlift, I wouldn't all of a sudden say, hey, let's start doing deficit deadlifts because we can't get down a good position at a regular deadlift, you know, why make it harder. In plus, it's going to change the technique so much different. This is Johnny Jackson. This favorite lift for building up his hamstrings. He's here with us in spirit. Actually next door, but right here, this is called a deadlift hyper. Anybody who done these before? So it's on 45 degree hyper. Everybody see that? Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. It's a 45 degree hyper. I'll show you when we get, if we, if you're going to stick around, I'll show you when you're done. And Metro Flex, we actually got one that's a lot higher. So a lot of times you get strong enough. You're going to be able to handle more than a 45 on this. And it's, the issue is like, at L.A. Fitness shuttle when they're using those low ones, it's going to be such a short range of motion. What's the alternative? What can you do to solve this issue? You make it longer, put on 25s. Very good, Peter. So these are just basically what I've seen. And I keep these generally in the five to eight rep range. If you're able to, you know, again, use smaller plates if, if the range of motions and issue. Shrug variations to help with the deadlift. Here's some of my favorite shrug variations. Trap our shrugs, barbell shrugs. Everybody knows what's a one arm barbell shrug anybody? No, actually hold it this side so you get a longer range of motion because we're getting way down there. Yeah, exactly. I think I'm going to lie. Because they each do old-time deadlift like that. So that wouldn't be like totally crazy. The other ones, the one one two where we go like one, one, then two with dumbbells. Got that one from Ronnie Coleman. Good morning. Here, who's here has done any sort of good mornings before? Awesome. Okay. So some of my fair ones are six inch power. We can go over any of these if you guys want to, the effort done, but the six inch power good morning. It's almost like a bad form quarter squat we really emphasize in that arcs on the way up. Sumo good mornings for sumo deadlifters. Okay, traditional just power good mornings. And then 45 degree hyper good mornings. If you have like a monolith and you have the 45 degree hyper, you put the monolith right above it, get the weight off on your back, and then do the good mornings. That's one I got from Gary Frank and that one's bad ass, but most people don't have the safety bar. You would generally what we use or the 45 degree hyper and the monolith. But you guys do have monolith here, right? Dude, this is, this is a great left. You're missing out if you're not doing it with all that equipment. So this gym is very well equipped. Okay, here's Charles Bronson-Abs. Hold on. Dakota, how do I get back? Okay, Charles Bronson-Abs, he's already done these before. Who's Charles Bronson? No, we're talking about the guys the most dangerous man in Britain. Yeah, exactly. They have like the Netflix sea budget movie bottom. This is one of my favorite ab exercises. That's all I'm just a gluten ham race. Okay, this is to really if you're having problems rounding your back, you want to try to correct it. This is like a plank on on steroids right here. That's all. I'm making this the best way to describe it. She got told by a fitness publication. I couldn't use that description, but I hope I didn't offend anybody here. Yeah, plank on good supplements right here. So it's basically standing up for the transference and he's actually using weight. It's not like putting a five pound plane on his back and thinking, you know, this is amazing. This is like you know, guy that ain't no spring chicken doing our 500 pounds. So. Yeah, so you just put it in case it. That's a front squat status holds what that's called. Go heavy on these two to three sets. 15 seconds. And they also have really good transference. The squats if you have any problems, bending forward too much rounding and anything like that. There you go. Some of the favorite movements for gluten hamsters are pull frues. Anybody know what those are? You want to demonstrate the cut? Okay. So then we have gluten ham races. I think everybody's familiar with those. Romanian deadlifts even ban-resisted Romanian deadlifts. Those are a beautiful hamstring movement. Nordic leg curls, same thing out. There's like a negative whoo ham race. Those are very hard. If someone says they're doing this, oh, I'm doing such a thing. They're easy. It's the pride I'm doing right. Some of my favorite rowing variations are one are dumbbell rows standing. Barbell rows. Metos rows and definitely strap up with those and T-bar prison rows. That's just like the barbell in the corner of the gym, like Ronnie Coleman you should do. Some of my favorite abdominal movements besides the Charles Bronson abs. I just put that one in there because people at most people haven't seen it before. Standing way to cable crunches. Suitcase deadlifts for about knee level. So it's basically like a sideband like this. Yeah, with one arm, just pick up barbell right there like that. Sprite eagle setups and landmines. Okay. Now here's again like if you didn't get anything out of this whole presentation, but you might have one takeaway right here. This one's huge for a lot of people right here. This is for grip enhancement. Take us a lot of people aren't able to grip the deadlift. Now if you're doing like you're doing Joe like grip contest, I'm not saying this is going to make you win them. But if all you care about is gripping your deadlifts, you don't really need to hold up more than this. So farmers walk. Anybody know farmers walk? Yeah. Okay. Overhand deadlift holds for about 50 up to 15 seconds. So just double overhand deadlift holds. That's all it is. Okay. Barbell curl holds. Some people have had success with that where they grab the middle of the curl bar with no nerling and hold it there with no chalk for like 15 to 20 seconds. Okay. Now here's these are the so-called secret right here that that are like crazy. If you're having like severe issues and won't work is pink, pinky, pinch grips. Okay. So you get like a five pound plate put it between your thumb and your pinky and static hold it right there. Because where are you going to lose your every time you deadlift you're going to lose your grip it's going to be on your pinky right? So you can even do it on your ring finger too. So pinky and ring finger you don't need to do beyond those two. Do those for like up to 30. I mean it's harder to progress a lot of weight on those. So it's not like you know so you're going to do them for like longer periods of time after. But you can go on Amazon if you really want to do these because you have problems. By those one pound half-pound magnet plates and and do them on like a five pound. This is like been a life-saver for a few different people. Like adding these pinky pinch grips we've gotten a ha moment with D guys who Cody Hyatt is. Yeah he just pulled a big deadlift PR and he wasn't like having trouble gripping everything and that's like you know it put it this way. Other lifts weren't going up to indicate that the deadlift PR was really on the horizon but if grips and limiting issue you take care of it. These pinky pinch grips were the life-saver. So I mean those can really if you're having a severe issue like be really really really helpful. Basically that's it till we're going to do a little lifting after this and we want to stick around anybody got any questions? What's your opinion for as one of the dealists? Can't tell it's my name is that's what I'm talking about. If I would be fine with it as long as it's not fatiguing. So for me personally what I would do if you said hey you're going to need to come out here and max out the deadlift. I would do like a little bit of a general warmup maybe you know a couple months on the bike or something like seven eight minutes dynamic warmup and then start deadlifting like and work my way up. That's what I would do but I'd have absolutely no problem with that as long as it wasn't fatiguing.