Okay again a lot of what we talked about so far with isometrics and all that stuff would apply to the deadlift and a lot of what we're going to talk about here would also apply to the bench press. So first thing I'm going to sort of talk about here, Rob Briefly, is just evaluating qualifications. So if someone's offering advice or wanting to mentor you, let's look at why you'd say yes or why you'd say no. So basically we're going to talk about, we're not life coaching here today to very much, we can do that an hour after maybe but not right now. So we're going to look at why would you listen to this person, who is this person's mentors, who they train with. So after talking to Troy at the break, I've learned he's trained with a lot of good Olympic lifters. So if I needed some Olympic lifting advice, I'd be one to listen. It's not like he just watched some YouTube video and all of a sudden things he's an expert. Who's a person trained with? So if someone's trained with been mentored by Charles Pollack when I'm probably going to listen to what they have to say. What been to the next step is, has that person that we're talking about within the strength world have their clients had any success? Because you could be actually have some good qualifications on paper and that your clients are not getting the results you want. The next step is you could still be pretty good and the clients have in some success but the ultimate goal of every teacher is to have their students to pass them. So you want to make sure the person you're getting mentored is ultimately having their students to pass them. If I'm here saying hey, I can make a million dollars. I'm going to mentor everybody else. How to get rich but everybody here walks away making 150,000. That's good but you're not beating the person that told you so that's ultimately you want. And just their success all around everything they're doing. Keep that in mind. Then educational background whether it's like university education, make sure it's legitimate, street education, whatever but just education in general. Okay, so let's talk a little bit about why to dead left. I'm going to for not all power off there so here just why would you dead left? Because I know some people are working at high schools and strength coach or whatever. First reason I have it's a simple learning curve. Pretty much anybody can learn to dead left pretty quickly. It's the easiest of the free power of so on. It's going to benefit strong man, general fitness, aesthetic mind of individuals and just sports in general. The dead left is going to force virtually every muscle in your body to work together. It's the ultimate posterior chain, what's the posterior chain? Back side of your body very good. Okay, an ultimate grip developer if you're not using straps. It epitomizes functionality. I mean because think about it if you're in a bar room brawl and it gets up close and you have to pick the person up, you're going to use the back side of the body to pick the person up in the front. That's functionality. So we can apply you know football tackling whatever. Okay, it's the least inhibited and I hate to use this term but it's the least bastardized of all the power of us. There's no gear that's totally like ruined it. So if it's like if somebody's competing gear they might only get like 10% more with the dead left suit so it hasn't been totally destroyed. Okay, so I'm going to tell you a little bit about my personal struggle with the dead left. It took me I was pretty natural bench presser but dead left took me years and years to get to a world class level and what is it generally better to have short arms or long arms than the dead left anybody? There you go. Last time I asked this question everybody he naturally said short. So yeah. So this is like part of the reason I struggle if you look at like see this is one of the best deadletters of all time events in the middle of the bars locked out and like look where it is on me. Yes, I mean you know testicular friction so to speak. Okay. So here's my experience with dead left. I've had the chance to train with two all-time world record holders going to talk about a little bit not like the record for their federation but actually like the world record holders. My quest to get better in the deadlift was such a struggle actually traveled all over the United States to train with different people to learn how to deadlift better. So I wasn't built to deadlift and so my eight ten deadlift that's my proudest strength accomplishment even though you know I've been just to be ranked higher in all-time was that that's the one I had to work the hardest for for. And since then I've been able to have a chance and opportunity to train numerous people that hold deadlift world records. So let's talk a little about the different types of deadlifts. Okay. We got a trap bar deadlift. Anybody here have it on the trap bar deadlift before? Yeah, yeah. One in there. You have one here? Yeah. Okay. Here's me actually doing a trap bar deadlift just about nine years ago. So unlike a regular bar bell you're actually going to stand here in the middle of the trap bar. That was eight forty. This is what it's a straw man. I could have done more as you'll see from the left but this is a straw man competition so you would actually get ranked off by winning the event. So I only took two of temps. But I mean if he would have brought it I mean I had a lot more in there. Okay. So some of the advantages of the trap bar or else. Some of the I don't want to say advantage difference is the trap bar. Sort of like a squat deadlift hybrid. That's why a lot of people like it's the trained economy. It's very similar to both lifts. It's great for symmetrical development because you're standing in the middle. You're gripping it with a neutral grip. Making it also really good for shrugs. It's more quad dominant so it's a little less hips and lower back. And it's believed by some to be safer. And I'll say that could be true to a point but with really good explosive athletes. It's not always a case because what happens. It pulls so explosively at the top. It like tips forward and things like that. So for the average person off the street I can go for that. For the cream of the crop. I ain't buying it. Put it that way. So this can also be one of a good way to do this is for sports is to use it for explosive jump. So what you do is load like a lightweight. Do a couple vertical jumps with it. Set the weight down. Step out. Then do a vertical jump as high as you came with that. So it's very similar to what we're talking about earlier. You do a heavy weight in the bench press followed by a light explosive set of same concept. Okay. Next is Simo Deadlift. Most people familiar with the Simo Deadlift. This is one of my client Matt Mills. He's only lightweight strong and ever to place at the Arnold. Here's him doing that. 800 Simo Deadlift. We're in at 242. So see his hands up between his legs. That's why it's called Simo. Like the Asumore Sler stance. So okay. So some of the differences with the Simo Deadlift are it's more quad dominant. Really hits the glutes pretty good. It's a shorter range of motion. It's going to be if performed correctly. It's less stress on your lower back. I mean Tina you've switched the Simo recently. What do you think? I mean yeah. I mean it's simply it's helped you. So one of the the least I don't know why this actually got an article coming out next month. Anybody remember in black belt magazine? Like the only traditional karate magazines still going. Holden strong. Not selling out the MMA. But anyways that's what we're talking about there is the like for Brazilian Jitsu or any of those things in the guard position. That that that that a doctor strength you're going to build. And the Simo Deadlift is a very very very good transference. I don't know why that's ignored by people but it is. And this is really good for conventional deadlifters to work in the offseason to increase leg drives, strengthen you know the glutes things like that. And we're going to get into we're going to mainly discuss the conventional deadlift today though. Okay so here's the picture of a conventional deadlift. Okay. That's one of my clients branding cast right there he's by far got the biggest deadlift of any masters in this weight class is over 40. Yes. Did you ever try to send them? Yeah actually my experience with that my first 500 was conventional my first 600 was Suma my first 700 was Suma first 800 conventional. Why back and forth? Because sometimes it felt like when I get heavier it'd be easier to get down with the Suma because generally a Suma should have said this earlier is going to be a more squatty body type so when I'm leaner I could deadlift. So for the 700 and 800 I weigh the same but there's a lot less fat when I pull 800. Good question though. So this is the observation but say you're teaching someone to deadlift and maybe they're like most people they're quite dominant with a natural progression to be to teach them a trackboard deadlift Suma and then right. I think another one you can do is also start a little bit elevated because they're usually going to get it if you put it like say a few inches higher and that's another thing I do with a lot of my taller clients like that guy should you Tom Havlin and the rest pause training thing that got put on like a hundred pounds. I barely ever have him pull off the floor because he's six seven but you know transfers over pretty good. Not rack pulls generally we're in it's box pulls because the flex of the bar is a lot difference of a pair of things it actually matters bodybuilding and it wreckels. Okay so now I'm going to talk a little bit about some of the deadlift mentors I've had and what I've had a chance to look because I've learned a lot from each one. The first one is Steve Hall. Steve Hall was not built to pull it a terrible build a deadlift but he ended up finally deadlifting 700 pounds at 48 years old with a terrible build for it and what I learned from Steve was basically again we're not talking about general fitness and safety like to be as strong as possible we would always air to the side of being aggressive and he always before I would go deadlift would talk about having controlled rage and committing to the pool basically he'd mean by that is he'd tell me I want your bracket back to break before you don't get that lift so like the lift was already made. Walk up to the bar the last Steve actually passed away and you know some fortunate you know it wasn't living the healthy lifestyle but anyways the last time I saw him alive was at the last part of the immediate that I did and I was going to do my final deadlift I had missed it on the second attempt and the person right before me had actually tore his bicep yeah I see he were there tore his bicep right before that so I was looking at the meat director I kind of looked down at him like dude don't stop this meat I'm going to deadlift you know I was trying to cut the cause of seeing but then Steve looked down at him and I like looked him in the eye and said he's effin roadkill get the weight and that was like my last memory of Steve that was his attitude like I mean he gets so mad at people I've seen him like throw plates of people at the gym I mean I don't know how he was in prison but it was a total like just commit to the pool okay so then we're moving on now to George Brink if anybody here ever heard of George Brink he's one of the all-time road record holders had a chance to train with he's the only person at least at the time I don't know if anybody since then to pull over 800 that's 50 years older older and what happened there was I saw him in a meat and I basically I basically like called a bunch of people get his phone and stalked him and made him agree to train with me and he's like fine if you help him I benched myself I'll be deadlift I said okay we'll do that so after 100 him down and you know basically got him to agree to train with me I learned a ton from him I learned from George's a very high volume approach he did a ton of sets ton of reps total throwback ballbuster lift or he'd be our training cycle the first time I trained with him was going from you know like just a couple singles till we started we did seven weeks of five sets of 10 on the deadlift I was stiffly a deadlift no belt off a three inch deficit no delodes next we go seven weeks off a three inch deficit five sets of five no delodes then we went seven weeks of heavy doubles trouples and singles and my deadlift wasn't moving at all it went about 50 pounds after that so it was a start so since then I've used that same sort of cycle with some people have done a ton of modifications with much more singles when we got to the deficits and then the actual heavy deadlifts and of course thrown in d-load weeks and there but I'm at probably put on like 15 pounds during that training cycle without even changing my diet or anything that's that's how effective it was and what I also learned from George is he pulled big when it counted he was not like some gym lifter that like would you know lift some huge amount of weight show up you know the meat and kind of do less I mean his best deadlift ever in the gym was seven twenty five and he ended up deadlift in 804 in a contest and he made a hell of a run at 21 it was really close so I'm the another thing I learned is we talked about earlier from George is why are you doing this so strap up you strap up when needed so all you know have somebody come up to me some time like hey you know I was doing shrugs but I you know I couldn't hold on to the bar anymore like why are you doing shrugs is it for your grip or for your traps you know if you're doing for your grip you know whatever but if you're trying to build your you know you're trying to build that you want to build your traps or work your back on rows you need to strap up and that that's what I learned from him so obviously you can't you know just do that on your deadlifts and everything's gonna be fine you're gonna have to work your grip but it's not just like you know I'm gonna sacrifice my back my traps in the name of not using straps okay Paul Leonard does anybody remember him he lived around here for all you remember him Steve okay um and just decided on what like a lot of these people everybody I know it's been a good death there for them fairly crazy and both Steve and George Brink not knowing each other were both dismissed from their law enforcement job for collaborating too closely with the health angels so like no joke the same person too and it's the following met from but so anyways Paul was he he's another law enforcement officer actually he he's not dismissed though but anyways he lived around here and what I learned from him was very methodical programming you know everything was planned ahead of time it was no haphazard to it he was again a meet performer he'd always lift more the meets and the main thing I learned from Paul was the importance of deloading because I'd only heard about it before you know that was kind of totally this is lame you know blah blah blah then I actually saw somebody strong doing it and he kind of taught me some parameters on how to do that so I was really thankful for a chance to you know train with all these people the next one was art le bar again is more of a thing learn from him was being fearless with any weight I mean he would get went to one meet I think he's maybe seven twenty five would have been pretty pulled he went it from six o'clock five to seven or six o'clock six to seven o'clock he needed eight o'clock to win and he damn near got the weight I mean that was so far out of his capabilities but he was fearless he had balls of steel he was scared of nothing and that's the kind of attitude it's going to take to pull world-class weight and the other thing I learned from art is again everybody's good deloading was kind of crazy I know he had some issues with his hand he couldn't really grip anything and basically the word in the street was he like a damage it and I don't know some kind of tavern altercation or something of that nature and he couldn't really close his hand very well so he'd have to pull the way up really fast or he'd drop it so I learned that really the importance of speed deadlifting from him without him really queuing it or knowing it the next person I had the chance to train with it held all-time world records Gary Frank does anybody know who that is he doesn't have the all-time world record anymore but here's when he pulled a nine twenty six and he was not a deadlift specialist either actually known as people were so basically I had a chance to move down yeah I had my deadlift is still struggling and you know George's getting out of lifting so I saw Gary Frank at a WPO meeting he's like why do you move down Louisiana train train with me then you know I think he didn't think I was serious and there I was showed up so then at that point it was on and anyways I thought I wasn't going to learn some sort of magical training program from Gary didn't happen but I learned some great lessons from him the number one lessons was and the importance of queuing speed that was his main thing he'd always say speed speed speed and it followed it with like a really explosive bad acronym I can't really use here but after that so we would always talk about rolling the bar you know when you're deadlifting like saying instead of starting with a bar statically kind of you know start with your butt up and roll the bar in and pull it that way and I've been told by some paraphrase in California that weren't very successful you know don't do that don't do that people don't do that and then Gary Frank just looked at me he always say bra he's like bra he's like they ain't deadlifting 900 I said that's right so then he's like we don't that's what we do is we try to drop her butt and create a pseudo eccentric phase of the deadlift lift to help spring the way up and you know basically well learn from Gary is there is an element of style to each lift it's not like you can just define a lift text book style for everybody and say always sorry but he does it you know do it that way there is an individualized style element and his famous quote was you always say you talk to ten different guys about technique you're gonna hear ten different things but if you build strength you build power you lift you're gonna go up Gary Trent he wasn't a real high volume guy but he trained extremely heavy he literally maxed out every workout leading up to a meat and that you know so I definitely picked up going heavy there I wouldn't definitely recommend maxing out every single week but you know I've seen worse things in action put it that way so Ed Cohen I talked to him all the time and I would actually moved to train with him but it was a choice between that and Gary Frank and I really being Louisiana Chicago so that that was the only real reason because it would have been great to go with him too but I actually used to talk to I still talked to him quite a lot but I used to talk to him at least a couple of times a week and while I learned from Ed was he's very methodical okay Ed also learned how to work around injuries anybody know that he holds a world record in the 220 class anybody know how to pull that super conventional anybody super yep he holds a world record or did hold the world record till a couple months ago the 242 is anybody know he pulled that conventional he had a you know he torsed Ryan said you know crime big alligator tillers he just got it done in switch conventional so basically you know there was transference between styles and he would even train when he was training Sumo he would trade conventional in the offseason like that guy showed you guys Matt Mills he we only trained conventional I mean Sumo excuse me like the last four to five weeks we conventional the rest of the year so there is a pretty good transference and also works the other way where you can train for a conventional deadlift and still pull Sumo in offseason okay another thing I learned was training Olympic post squats so that's a real narrow stance deep post squat that seemed to really help help initiate some leg driving the deadlift and then individualization because probably the highest compliment I personally got before I was really doing this full time was when Ed cone called me up and asked me to design a training program for one of the guys he was working out with and it basically is like what we're doing here's not working I need what you're gonna do because he was totally into individualization so if you said I'm deadlifting 15 times a week but it's gone up a hundred pounds the last eight weeks he'd say continue deadlifting 15 times a week he's not like you know ingrained to just one way of thinking he's all about what works the best on your turn Olympic high bar squat exactly as