This is Mark Foster, leadFTS.com. I'm here with Jordan Houser, our social editor. We're going to go ahead and demonstrate a shoulder circuit for the steer shoulder girl using the FTS blastrafts. One advantage with the blastrafts is with the rotating handles. We have a little more flexed building to some of the exercise. So this is the next obstacle too. We'll have this set up for athletes. So they can just go through the whole gamut of these. So the first one we do is, well, it's difficult once going to be just an external rotation. And he's going to make sure that his upper arms perpendicular to his body, parallel to the floor. And all he's going to do is rotate using that upper arms. He can adjust the dimple property by where he puts his feet. Right? The next one is going to be, it's just a scarecrow. We're going to start with his arms extending. And go ahead shoulder blades in his back pocket. He's going to go ahead of 45-degree angle. Squeeze and give him your shoulder blades down and together. This one on the series is going to be just a reverse flop. So the same basic principle we're going to now he's going to cross the bottom. So we have y-s for lack of better turn and teeth. Okay? We can't say anything. You can adjust by where his still place his hands. Third one is going to be what we call a's. And now it's going to be just a straight arm. Almost a pull-over motion. So a straight arm pull out. This is a great exercise to activate the muscles. There's a last muscle in the upper back. That's what we have to add stress on the elbows. So some of our sports like baseball softball and use the high low, not a torque on the elbow. That can be better. The last is going to be, um, seronocrests. And this is going to be basically going to be an external rotation position. This is going to go ahead and keep his forearms. Forearms straight up and down. Perfectly clear to his, to his upper arm and his upper arm parallel with the ground. He's going to press straight up. That's going to be an activate muscle in a little bit. You can combine that exercise with the external rotation. So it's seronotation and it press up as well. So those are real quick. You can do them in order and sequence. You can get a large group of athletes in an active liquid.