This is something that we've been messing around with for a while. It's basically just a short tsunami bar. These are the comfort grips that if you've been following my log, I mean right in the bottle a little bit here and there. And then we have them attached on here with the crock block collar so they don't slide off. What the tsunami bar does is got a little bit of things to it. And then they come for grips also have some flex to it as well. So this allows during the pull down movement to try to bend the bar as you're pulling it down, which is causing a greater and a tighter contraction. I like to face a way on this movement to be able to get the upper middle back a little bit harder than what I typically can if I'm using a straight bar facing away. Because of the nature of the way that this whole thing bends and that set up, I try to pull with my middle two fingers and let the rest of the hand relax to be able to get that tighter contraction and the mid part of my back. For most of my back work, especially if it's going to be a vertical pull, that's about the tempo that I want to use. That's that there is what I would call training to failure. So I actually went to failure, wasn't one rep shot. Back work like this, I like to use slower tempo, train to failure, concentrate more than muscles instead of the movement to where I'm just pulling and trying to move weight. None of these products we have for sale yet, we're still kind of playing around with them a little bit, playing with the price points a little bit. But the key thing is with the movement, like this in my own training, for the purposes that I said, I was going to post these videos in my log. This is to show the tempo and it's showing that when I am trying to do with a lot of these movements is to try to bend the bar and try to do whatever I can do to get the greatest contraction and over the period of the set, try to extend the range of motion as much as I possibly can and get the emphasis off of the biceps to try to pull with the other of those bands.