怎么 Alright, while I'm Sean Miller and this is Express Fitness, my partner, Sydney Anderson. We're the actual, we're the two owners. There was a separate investor, Randy Miller, so all the moving parts, three of us. We wanted a nice place in our community, we're tired of people driving to Columbus, so we wanted to create something right here for people to exercise and get better at. Just always been our passion. I mean, this is what we love to do. I don't think Madison County has ever had a gym like this. I was a member of the old gym in this town for probably 20 years and actually used to own old gym and I just felt, it's time for something better. I figured our community's big enough. I just felt it was time and I think that it's time for London to have a place like this. I think the community deserve it. There's no reason London can't have nice things. And that's, you know, when we set to do this gym we're like, okay, if we're going to do it, we're going to do it right. I really think we did. Our gym, we wanted to be for everybody. The guy who bench presses 500 pounds, grunts, and works out. We want him working out right beside the senior citizen that comes in to drink coffee and walk on the treadmill for a little bit. We truly want this place to be for everybody. You know, and inviting an environment goes a long way with any business, but I think especially for gyms, you know, it's important that everyone feels welcome and no one feels intimidated because when you get to a point where people are worried about going to them, the gym because of how they look physically or how they feel, it's, it boads ill for everyone involved. Some of the things we're going to have here is we're going to have kickboxing. We're going to have Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We're going to have high intensity, interval circuits. And we're even going to work with people who just want to stay independent. You know, we're going to have some senior citizens that come in who just want to be able to tie their own shoe, get their cereal out of their cabinet. So I mean, we're going to hit everybody from the young athlete to the person who really seriously needs to lose weight for health reasons to, you know, they're guy who wants to get bigger stronger faster for next football season. And we have all the tools here to do that. You know, we've got padded mat room. We've got someone who's experienced with personal training and all the items in a gym you would need for free weights, running, cardio, etc. Anybody who gets in higher as a personal trainer, I think that they should expect results. And I can tell you, I want to results from my clients, Worsen, they do. I'm putting my name on them. So you know, I mean, if somebody's saying they're training with a citizen, I want to drop people's jaws. If they're heavy, by summer, I want them to say, how did you do it? Those people are going to be my advertisement in my billboards. So, you know, I guess I kind of have a niche for people who wants to lose weight because I truly care about people. I know that if you're 200 pounds overweight, you're not comfortable and your life can be better. And with a little bit of knowledge and education, it's not as hard as people think. If someone wanted to get ahold of me, go to Express Fitness that's spelled with an X, Facebook page, and I'm the main contact that operates that. Or you guys can get ahold of Sid Vez phone. My phone number here to the gym, which I have on me at all times is 740506-9188. And of course, the number one way we want people to reach us is to walk through our door.