Man, I think they're does. I think there needs to be a lot more integration. And some people are probably doing it heck of a lot better than me. I know I'm behind at times, I'm on things. But the catapult GPS stuff that's come out, the polar heart rate stuff. I go over and I'll sit down with my academic people and tell me, hey, what does this say? Heart rate variability? Man, we happen to have pulphatelle at the University of Missouri. There's one of the top heart rate variability researchers in the world. So I'm like, what does this tell me? What's the difference between using this unit with the multiple EDCGs and this heart rate monitor over here? And he'll talk about the low frequency versus high frequency and how this one catches sympathetic and predicts parasympathetic. And some of these different things that I've got no clue about. And then talking about the bio-mechanist and not Dr. Guest, but somebody else. And they were telling me about the hurts on the GPS. I had no clue at that GPS was GPS, but it's got to take like a minimum of 10 hurts to even notice, change direction and be able to detect that. Otherwise, they think it's just a straight line. So then you're not actually getting a true load. So I've got to talk to these guys that are helpless smarter than me in those areas. I don't want my smart enough to know that stuff. So we've got to open those doors up. How many people are going off of something that isn't even legit? Yeah, I think you have to talk a little bit in my talk about creating a coaching philosophy and using research-based training methods and scientific principles. But then you create your philosophy by how you train in your evidence-based practice from working with your athletes. But just what you just said about collaborating more. That's where it's going to come from. Yeah, we're going to take this research, but we might need people to help us disseminate it to figure out what we're going to do with it in the weight room and the field and how to apply it better. I know that the folks at ETSU are doing a phenomenal job with Dr. Stone and Sands, Meg Stone and Brad Deweez is their head strength coach. I mean, talk about a power base there to be able to really get some people on the same page and do put it into applications. So it's just going to be more collaborating. Again, we're going to need guys like us that are in the trenches, you know, because like you were saying, you can get the state and somebody might do it to help you tell what it is. But they're not the ones that know how to build the relationship with the athletes and know how what it takes to get something out of the athletes. So that part's got to really not be overlooked too. As we get the super science mode and we're going to get all this data back. You have to remember that the coaches and the strength coaches, the guy that or girl that builds that relationship and gets that most out of that athlete. Yeah, I mean, it's been shown to me with sports psychologists. I truly believe they actually need to relay the message to the coach and then the coach delivers the message. And I think the Chinese weight lifters try to experiment. I heard it from the guy that invented Chinese weightlifting. And he's now since passed on. But he was like, we tried that through an interpretary tone. This and then it didn't work because these people that didn't know the weight lifters had no idea who these people were. They were talking about serious things with them. And then it just didn't work. Well, then they pulled them and had them talk to the coaches and the coaches relay the message. And that was where they had success, you know. But you know, and I'm not hindering the field of sports psychology. But the reason it hasn't advanced is well as it could have is because I don't think the application was correct. You know, and then so academic has to understand, look, too. Just because you're an academic, it doesn't mean you know everything or you can manage all people. Okay, or fix all problems, it might be the coaching. And that's what coaching is about. It's just, hey, it's more, it's not numbers. It's not scientific facts. It's an art. And it's a dealing with relationship with people. You know, it's like painting a picture versus doing a math problem. A coaching is a painting a picture that hopefully works for everybody. You and the athlete. That's the big thing. And then academia, I mean, I see so many kids come. I was around the grad that you're like, okay, he's not really prepared. He doesn't know as much as the guy down the road that has been training 20 years. And then he, so well, I don't have a job. I'll go get my masters. And I've even seen them. Well, I don't have a job. I'll go get my PhD. And they still can't get a job because they don't have much experience. So, I mean, there's that, there's that disconnect between true application. Do you get it in an internship? I don't think so. Not in six months. You know, unless it's a really steady hands, you could, you're learned a train. I'm sure could, could teach more kids out of college more than they've ever learned than a weekend at the fitness center at the local college. And all I see is that I mean, we're just being honest here. Yeah, but you know, now they have a great base of physiology. Again, they don't apply it. And they need to learn how advanced coaches, because coaching is an art form. Again, it's taken me 17 years to get where I'm at and see the things I see. I can advance these in terms pretty fast. But there's still, there's things that they miss because they don't. It just takes experience. And we should, maybe there should be a leveling system for coaches. And in all honesty, say, hey, five levels, you know, this is where you're at. Hey, I'm starting out. That's what I'm worth and maybe would help the salary situation in this country with coaching.