Mark Wassily FTS.com. Here with Adam Fight, Director of Sports Performance at Reacher Potential Training Adam appreciate you being here today. Coach Wads, appreciate you having this. We go back way back and one of the things that with you, your vast experience in so many different levels. What is the biggest thing that you see working with athletes anywhere from obviously sixth grade up to college? What's the biggest needs that you see that needs to be addressed? What kind of, what are the tools that you use to kind of assess the some of those needs to develop a training plan within? Yeah, I think that's a great question. I mean, really what happens is the ability to master their body weight. So when I was in the college, you know, realm and making sure that we're getting our incoming freshmen, you know, before we can go ahead and go up to the football meeting and talk with Head Coach, hey, you know, he's got to get playing and he's going to be a, you know, a game maker for us next year. You know, how can they progress in the obviously master the body weight? Regressing back into high school level, you know, I'd face many, many battles and that's something that we've talked about before, you know, working with high school sport coaches that want to, you know, have that dual role on the assistant defensive line coach and the strength coach and really have no idea. So they're pushing these numbers on these kids and pushing the bad techniques. And then when they get to a center, they go to the college level, you know, coach is wondering if they're out what the heck's going on. And then even before that, regressing in further, you know, we're getting kids at such a multiple age, you know, if our middle school program is, you know, 12, 13, 11 years old, now we're at a prime time to really shape the habits now that they're going to carry forward. And something that the big thing that we always face is early specialization, right? I mean, we always talk about that kids want to play club soccer all year round, you know, we face the AU basketball epidemic. And as we get older, we really have to make sure that we're addressing those fundamental qualities. And it goes back to the basics. It's proper strain training, it's positioning, it's body awareness. It's controlling all planes and dimensions of movement because as a game gets harder, it gets quicker that the hits get a little bit more violent. And we got it mixture, are we doing everything we can to protect them so they can produce those results? Yeah. Now, what, as far as you've done so much stuff with the unstrapped coaches association and being involved in that for multiple years, you've been very vocal about developing on coaches in such an environment that really is a top profession to be in. What's the best advice that you can do? Someone had to have been to every level from private to college to the NFL. What's the best advice you can get to young coaches that are trying to get into the profession now? Man, that's a, it could be a loaded question. You got, I mean, you know, that right, we can go all day with this. You know, I would say there's a couple of pieces and maybe they can kind of all tie in together, but you know, really seeking out somebody an environment really is to develop you and continue to shape that path. So, you know, a lot of us, unfortunately, get into this field, some of us for the wrong reasons, right? We, you know, I call it, like, a suffering from the 3Ls. You know, I go for the logo. I want to go to this school and work for them because that's what I was or the location. I want to work there because it's sunny Miami or it's, you know, it's out in Arizona, right? And then you have like that loss, all right? And I grew up in Notre Dame fans. So that's where I want to be. So, you know, educating ourselves and making sure coaches are making the right decisions and seeking out great mentors, which, you know, you and I had both had over the years and we continue to have and making sure that the environment that they put themselves in is setting up for long-term success. You know, I see it a host of interns in and out of the program that just, you know, the trying to figure out exactly what they're trying to do is this is the right fit for them. And the ones that really understand what they have to do, they've kind of done that research already and said, hey, I'm going to go here because I know exactly the experience I'm going to get. And building on top of that is really continuing to shape the path for future interns. And that's kind of how this whole thing started with the young strength coaches and just meeting and educating other coaches is because I had an opportunity because other coaches paved the way for me. We had to walk the talk and not just, you know, don't just talk about it, be about it, we always talk about and making sure that we continue to pass the torch because there's always going to be somebody out there that was in our position years ago and months ago whatever it is. And are we continuing to say, hey, I made those mistakes. I'm going to make sure you don't make them again or as worse and then you got to keep it going. So, you know, we talked about it earlier. A lot of it's sacrifice, a lot of it's hustle, a lot of it's figuring out that there's a bigger picture than just being on a sideline on a Saturday or running out of the tunnel on Sunday. It's sacrifice. It's great. It's hustle. It's making sure you're putting others and what's in store for you later in life. And the bigger picture, so you can take care of that now. And, you know, we just talked about, like, you know, focus on what you have to do now, so you can enjoy what you get to do later. And that's something you've told us and continue to just keep dear to our profession because that's where we need the big. We need a big downward. That's it. I mean, frosty, we're saying it said it no better. I mean, the grass isn't always greener on the other side. And, unfortunately, coaches have to figure that out on their own. But, really, you have to make the most of every opportunity whether it's division three, division 22, one staff, six part of time staffs, no staff, one rack, three racks, no racks, no support from your head coach. You got all the support, the budget, anything in the world. You got to make the most of your opportunities because you never know where you're going to be in. It's a good advice. Well, Adam, how can people get a hold of you in reach your potential training? It's a website with social media. How can people get a hold of you? Yeah, well, obviously, my primary responsibility is before being a husband and father. You know, it's obviously working with the RIP, the reach of potential training. Our website is www.igotript.com. And we're folks out, we're in Central New Jersey, right off the coast. So, you know, today's athlete, making sure that, you know, they're developing their self-esteem and enhancing their mental strength and just, you know, working on that physical dominance. So, that's why our primary responsibility, working with mom with counties and just getting them better for not just on the field, but off the field as well and help them reach your potential. And, you know, that's probably, you know, number one, I'll sell my own website at umfight.com where when I do get the time between, you know, being a dad and business partner and all that other stuff, I can, you know, kind of write my thoughts and obviously not on a frequent basis as you. And, you know, we go from there. So, I appreciate you being here today. Yeah, it's been a great awesome coach. Thank you.