So I'm Matt Winning and this is another session of so you think you can deadlift. So in the last cycle we showed him actually deletting the conventional stance and we saw his weak point being his lower back, lower back stability to hold a good arch. So the other major issue that we saw was the fact that he was having problems utilizing his glutes. So he was using a lot of upper back which was folding over and a lot of knees to try to leg to try to drive the way down. But the real key to the delet is the hips. And if you see this problem which you'll see with a lot of people a good way to attack it is to switch to a sumo stance for anywhere from 2 to 3 weeks all the way up to 3 or 4 months. When I pulled 804 I was able to delet of 750 sumo. Now back when I was pulling in the mid-7s conventional I was only able to delet about 675 sumo. So as my sumo delet rose up, so do my conventional delet. My theory behind that is that in a sumo delet you really can't utilize a ton of quadricep power to stand up with the weight. It's mostly hips. So what the sumo delet and a wide stance teaches is your ability to utilize the hips because you're in a position that that's about all you can use. So for him I would utilize a lot of sumo delets for a period of time in order to make sure that the glutes are firing and the way they should. So what he's going to do is he's going to set up even wider than he's comfortable with on a sumo delet. Which is usually going to be his shins outside the ranks to his pointed out. Now what he's going to focus on when he goes down the grab the bar is he's going to focus on maintaining that back arch that we were losing on the conventional delet and he's going to focus on his shoulder blades leading the weight. The shoulder blades leading the weight actually causes him to have to use more hips. But it's also his weak point on the conventional delet. So in the sumo pool we got two twenty five on there and my favorite thing to do is either sets up forty five seconds or utilize it like you would your own conventional training some speed work and some max work. But we're going to do one set of forty five seconds and we're going to see where that form breaks and where it that breaks at all. So we're ready. I'll get the timer in my head. Set and all charge and start. Try to keep going for forty five seconds. Five, four, three, and the last one of them. So what we started to notice is by about set second twenty five to thirty the hips tried to stay up higher. He tried to use a little bit more leg. He wasn't pulling his hips down near as much. So if we were coaching this in the gym, then what we would do is to keep telling the pull your butt down, pull your butt down, work on your mobility. But in this position his lower back wasn't able to round nearly as easy. So forty five seconds sets on this with a moderate weight, IE around fifty percent of your max is a great way to utilize your glutes which is probably where you've mostly felt in the hamstrings. Correct. So what we're trying to do with this exercise is take away the quadricep tower and make him use the posterior chain muscles that are not doing what they're supposed to do and they're lighting on his conventional deadlift.