Hey Mark Watts, Jordan Housing, LeadFDS.com. Today we're going to show you three exercises using the glass straps. One good thing about the glass straps is you can set these up independently. So again, if I have eight sets of glass straps for my team, I can set these up and I have sixty athletes going to once because you can set them up independently. With the glass strap, we're going to show you three different things and we're going to go with a single arm exercise. Now to make the exercise more difficult, obviously it's based on where your feet are and relation to the glass straps anchored. But with the simple arm now, we make it that much more difficult. Plus, we can actually get a little bit of your lateral strength going on and into treksman bounces. So first, this is going to be what we call a base of the retract, row roti. So really what's going to happen is the athletes going to have a speed parallel up. They're going to reach back and the first thing you're going to do is you'll chop those shoulder blades, then they're going to roll and then reach. The way he's going to come up and reach is not based on that left arm, but the right arm really rotate back and right arm is going to roll so hard that it rotates his whole body. Second one is going to be just a normal row with again, I want to have straight lines from my shoulder style to my heels, drop my heels into the ground, make sure my shoulder blades retracted. The key with this is I'm going to make sure that I drive the opposite shoulder forward. We're going to track that, that the bow shoulder and bring the opposite shoulder forward and that will keep it in my shoulders and in a straight line, perpendicular to where the blast shaft is coming from and then really I want to make sure that I got a straight line from my nose down to my toes. Last one is going to be moved my feet forward and before you can get to this point, we drive your heels, you want to go ahead and down the cycle table top. Now, you're going to have a straight line from his knees with shoulders. You're going to make sure you get a drop of hips up, shoulder blades back, really drive those heels in the ground to keep them self-sable. Is it going to show one more? Again, really, really trapped in, row it up and that's going to be a three good exercise. You can do single arm. You get a lot of athletes going on once, you can take care of some of the bounces at the same time.