Hi guys, Molly Galberthier at Elite FTS Learn to Train Number 4. This is my second learn to train. I was lucky enough to come last September as a guest of Jen Comus Kick. Dave ended up asking me to help with the mobility station last time, which I was just joking around the red headed stepchild. I learned to train everybody once to squat bench and deadlift, but I'm here to help with the mobility station. And then I was lucky enough to be asked to train, come back and help again this time. I'm an author on Elite FTS. You know, no a lot of these people from Elite FTS, from Facebook, from Twitter. It was really cool. I got to meet a lot of people that I've been corresponding with over the last year or two. Me to been person that was really fun. Got to hear Don Meadows speak earlier, Jeremy Frey, Steve Fulchnella, learned a ton of stuff, which I'm going to be putting on my blog later, everything I learned at Learn to Train. They're in there benching right now. We got them a little warmed up with mobility stuff. It's been fantastic. It's been a great thing that Dave puts on for a make of the make of wish foundation. So important, you know, he was talking about last time. They raised almost $20,000. You know, lots of kids got to fulfill their dream, send a lot of kids to Disney. So it's a great organization, a great thing. If you're thinking about coming to Learn to Train and you haven't ever been before, you absolutely have to come once in a lifetime. You learn from the best in the world. So I'm just super grateful to be here, super grateful to be, you know, part of Elite FTS and an author on the site. You want to check out any of my stuff. You can go to MollyGalberth.com. I'm also one of the founding members of Girls Gone Strong. So we've got that group on Facebook and our website will be up soon enough. So if you haven't been to Learn to Train, come check it out. And hopefully I'll see you at the next one. Alright, my name's Kenny. I'm coming from South Bend, Indiana. Came to the Learn to Train seminar. Pretty much to learn from the best. They set the standard in all the core movements. So came to Learn and actually get critiques. So that way I can take that back to my training and hopefully come back next year. That much stronger and maybe sell out in the meathead group. I'm Jason Aller. To quote a barbell out of Fargan North Dakota. Came down here with Marshall Johnson, team freak show. Trans our P.T. on Barbell, down by Princeton. Came this weekend to learn from the best. Get educated by the best. Learn the tricks, trades. Maybe if I'm one or two things that you know I can incorporate into my training. Maybe I can impart some knowledge on to somebody else. Give a shout out to Anthony Calquist. My training partner was a top 10 APF competitor. He should come here next year. Honestly, he's a very good guy to know as well. Hi, my name's Renee Bluxet. I'm down from London, Ontario here in London, Ohio for the elite. Learn to train seminar. I'm going to drive down to lift with some of the strongest guys in the world. I'm probably one of the smaller guys in the building. It's been a great day. You get to kind of meet your heroes. See the guys that are, I guess you can say live in the dream and Lift in the big weight. Hey, I'm Steve Pol Sonella, right for elite FTS. And we're here at the Learn to Train seminar. This is the second time I've come to one of these. And it gets better and better every time. And if you have a chance to get to one of the future, I suggest you do. I don't want to turn over to John Meadows here. Thanks, Steve. My name is John Meadows. And I'm a nutrition presenter here at seminar. And it's like Steve said, this is really the place where you get to hear from experts. And we get to learn from each other. And I get to learn from Steve. It's a great place for just really learning from people who are in the trenches. People are out there doing it, living it. So if you can get here, get here. It's well worth the investment. And we plan on coming back every year. My name is John Tyco from Maincler, Manitoba Canada. I came out because I'm opening up my own training facility back in Canada. And I just want more information on training and Perfecting technique. I've definitely perfected my bench technique today. Or I guess send my clothes to it. And hit up PR. So it's awesome for me. And I'm very glad that I made a trip up. Hi everybody. It's CJ Murphy. You guys know me as Murphy from the elite FTS Q&A. The owner of a total performance board is an Everett Mass. This is my first time coming out to an LTT. Dave's asked me to come out before and I couldn't do it through the scheduling Conflicts. I was a little disappointed. Mainly because aside from helping everybody that's come to learn. I believe in the fact that Dave is doing something great with the make of wish foundation. People may not know, but all of the proceeds from today is going to the make of wish foundation. You know, for Dave to shut his business down for the weekend, I couldn't afford the shut my business down for the weekend. And in today's economy, I don't think he can either. But he's given back. And that's really the main reason because Dave's given to me over the years. And he's done the tremendous amount for me and my business and me personally. And as a lifter, it's my turn to help him out and help him to help other people out. So we're going to have a great weekend. If you're not here now, be here next year.