This is Steve Colskat for Elite FTS. In April of 2014, we had Scott Stevenson in town visiting the Elite FTS offices. He caught a late training session with John Meadows and Dave Tate. They used a variety of unique exercises and techniques, so I interviewed them afterwards about the workout and why they made those choices. Scott Stevenson and I am just about to start after this weekend. I have a nice solid steady normal lifestyle where I can start a consistent diet. I think I'll be 11 weeks out from the Master's Nationals 2014. And this is John Meadows. I'll be doing the same shows, so I'll be 11 weeks out as well. This is Dave Tate. I train with John. John actually does the way programming. Actually, the way it's fallen for the past few years, I'm dieting right now as well. And based upon the goals that we've set for myself, I'm probably 11-12 weeks out. So we kind of set it out. So it's kind of cool that we're all falling and saying, Spot, they're going to end up much leaner than when I am obviously. But that's not why I go with that sound with the intention is, but it's always worked out well because I can push John. And while I'm dieting, I kind of know how he feels because it's pretty close to how I'm feeling. And no wind to push him went to you back off. Okay, you guys trained legs today. Did you have a pretty made plan before you came in? John. The structure of the workout, I always have certain exercises in mind for each phase. Like I may have three exercises, I'm thinking, are potential for the first exercise. The second thing we do, I may have three things to choose from. The third thing we do, I may have three things to choose from. So I know what exercises fit. There's certain exercises I think that transition well and other ones. But that's about as far as I go. Then when I do here, we start training. And I know what this feels like it will be right today. So there's also an element of instinct involved too. And there's some things that I do when he comes out to training because I think that everybody is a little bit of a creature of habit. When it comes to training and the exercise selection that they do. So I'll wait and see what he wants to do. And then I'll try to find something close but similar. And then try to convince him to do that instead. So it's a little bit. It still falls within his plan. It's still a movement plane. It's still the same tempo. Everything's still the same. But it's different than what he would have planned that way. He doesn't become that creature of habit by doing the same things all the time. You know, doing his ampoule is our last probably four backwards counts. Dave is taking the exercise that I wanted to do. In turn, we literally have not done what you would call it normal exercise for like a month or back. They've been in my back's cut. I'm always talking about how I never get sore. My back has actually gotten pretty sore last month from these kind of unusual ways to do the exercises. And it's really nothing complicated. It's just kind of changing the little bit to something we haven't done before. And as part of that is being his potential last show, he can't go and be in normal John. He has to go and be in a different John. He's got to bring something different to the show that he's ever brought before. So I purposely try to come up with things that I know that he's never done before. As long as he feels a muscle and feels like it works and that's saying he's doing exactly. I mean, we change things a hell of a lot before we zero in on an exercise. Because it's got to be targeting where he wants to target. But we haven't done a standard normal back exercise in a month. Okay, it's got how different is this than the training you've been doing? Well, the obvious similarity is that's part of cell training, which is what I like to do. I'm doing a training system that I've come up with where frequency is really on the premium. So there's one version of the program, a train back or legs or every major muscle group four times a week. I train legs today is Thursday. I train legs on Saturday. I train legs on Monday. And good workouts too. And we didn't know we're going to do so I kind of planned on doing something other than legs. But I train that we train legs again today. This is probably at least. I'd say twice the volume I would do. I would do this kind of volume, but spread it out over maybe three workouts. So this is maybe three times or twice. Real quick, what you do on Saturday and Monday? I'm interested. I did, I wrote about the the cluster sets. The articles I wrote. So Saturday, I think I did a cluster set, a muscle round set for a hackswatt. And I was at four in another gym and out of town. So I like to go and test out new machines. I did the old hackswatt. The one that the members said, we want to keep this one. So you always used to use those machines because there's a good one. And then I did a knee extension, I think a stride knee extension that varies. And then a stride hamstring curl. And then I did a horizontal leg press. And then I did actually train calves. And I could add up to that day too. So I did three muscle rounds for calves, three machines. And then I did the same, sort of work out. This was supposed to be kind of my de-loading week. So I did, I think, I did one leg press. So horizontal leg press on Monday. And then I did a knee extension and a hamstring curl. Buss around for each. And then I did a leverage leg press after that. And then I did three sets of muscle rounds for calves. And I think I had a standing when I was in Georgia. And then I did a couple of horizontal calf raises. And seated. So I just picked three from machine calves. So. And I actually, I did calves on the table four with a inclusion set too. We didn't train calves today, but I think we're going to be loading calves. Yeah, I needed it. I needed it. Okay, you guys started out with leg curls, which is kind of typical and Johns workouts. Did you go into this with any particular plan? It's just different than what you normally do. No, just get a pump. Just get a lot of blood in our hamstrings. That's it. That is the only note. Okay. Scott, you did. You seem to do a little bit more stretching. Is that something that you put a little more thought into? Yeah, yeah, I tend to get tight. I can tell if I don't stretch. John and I talked about this. Someone he's interviewed before. Ian King kind of has the same philosophy that I do. Is that you want to have as many, you want to have flexibility about it. About it joined as many degrees of freedom as possible. So that you can have good, appropriate reception that allowed the joint to line up as it naturally should. So if you tend to have, let's say, tend to have tight hamstrings that tend to bring the knee joint into a certain type of alignment. That's not necessarily the best thing for your knee joint. You could potentially be over the course of years. We're just in that workout creating a situation where you're going to have a problem with your knee joint. So I like to try to stretch everything out. So at the normal, appropriate, effective mechanism to keep your knee joint aligned. You can be active and are restricted by tension across the tendon or even elsewhere. I try to loosen everything up as much as I can. I also tend to feel if I'm doing exercise and having stretched out, I get those little muscle tremors, little strange aches and pains that things that are telling me that this may be an injury way to happen. So the stretching is something I've been doing that as long as I can remember. I mean, it's not the greatest for strength. There are some studies suggesting that if you really over stretch too much, you can probably dampen a stretch reflex and it's not going to help with performance. But I'm not trying to set in your records or you know, we need a powerlifting meat, so you like that and the gym, I'm trying to stimulate the muscle to make it grow. And continue to do that year after year. So I want to have injury-free training that stimulates when I'm trying to do a work about whether you use 405 or 455 on a squat, whatever it may be. So it just feels right for me to stretch. It's a really fun life. Okay, you guys did a lot of a lot of partials at the end as the wrap up. Talk a little bit about how you guys did this. And it also looked like you were pushing and keeping your toes back at the end of some of you. Yeah. And why? Well, the partials are reserved. That's just a high intensity technique. That's reserved for your very last working set. It's just a way to extend the set. Get more blood in the muscle. What you saw when our legs were straight, when you saw Dave pulling out, it was literally just to make our legs straight as possible. Again, for angermotion. And then we were at that point fatigued. So we cut that range of motion down into a partial. But even that we were fatigued, we still got that stretch. Sometimes we'll do is to attention wraps. And like in that case, we would have curled the way maybe three edges. And then some might would have held it in place. And you would have just pushed my symmetrically against the resistance. It's the toe force and the dorsy flexion on the foot. Just kind of stretches your calves out. Your hamstrings attach with a knee joint. It's just a good way to stretch your hamstrings all the way down in your calves. It's not like you feel intense hamstring burn and do that stretch. But it's still good. It's still basically stretches your hamstrings and your calves all around the back of your knee joint. So it kind of goes to what Scott said. It's, you know, you're working to a full range of motion. And at our age, we're not, we're thinking hypertrophy. But we're also thinking how am I going to feel five years from out ten years from now. So if you got that, if you're strong at the stretch position, you know your joints are a little freer. And then you're probably going to be healthier five years from out ten years from now. So it's also a health aspect to it. One of the reasons why I was pushing on the toes is the hamstrings are only going to be able to contract and work through a range of motion dependent upon how tight or how loose the calves are. So if the calves are really, really tight and restricted, you're never going to be able to get that full range of motion throughout the hamstrings because the calves are restricting that. Now you don't want to go and stretch a cold muscle. So it was on a very last set that I can, you know, pull them up and then push forward to try to open the calves up a little bit and then get more, have them do more repetitions for the hamstrings, which is going to get more blood into the hamstrings. That typically won't get there because while it may only be a little bit more range of motion, it's more of a range of motion than you got on any set preceding that because we are able to open the calves up a little bit, which does open up how much we can work that muscle through that range of motion. It's like trying to stretch your hamstrings without stretching your calves first. You know, it's to me that would be a mistake. You want to make sure your calves are stretched out before you even begin to stretch your hamstrings. Otherwise, you're always limited to the flexibility of what the calves are. But I would not do it on the first set by any means whatsoever. The stretching we do, the high intensity techniques, all that stuff, you'll notice that stuff is always done on the pump also. And you have to be sweating and pumped. I mean, you got to be almost not need when you walk. I mean, you got to be 58. Okay. The second exercise you did, I'm not sure if you've named it. It's like a one-layer hamstring, quasi-isometric bridge. This is the right one. It's exactly the other set. Well, that, you know, this is an exercise where I told Dave just pick whatever you think. And an isometric contraction is a contraction. And we actually sprinkle in isometric stuff quite a more and more here in the last six months. So that's what Dave picked. And now you can talk about it. But, you know, you can bury your foot position. You can do all kinds of things depending on what head of the hamstring you want to work. It's actually a thud in there because Eric's around the last minute to do it because of the planar fasciitis. And I got to throw it in there anyhow. Works the shit out of my hamstrings. One of the things that I'm seeing, they got to keep in mind with my training right now. My only goal is to get lean. I'm going to look like whatever I'm going to look like. I'm going to end up looking like shit. I got things tore off. And I am going to be when I'm going to be. You know, so I got to focus on, you know, what where I can help him. Because how he looks does matter. He is hamstrings when he flexes him right. You know, and it's in the right position. That thing hangs. I mean, it hangs like fucking horseballs. It just hangs like you can't believe. And I saw this in the comparison case. Anytime I can find an exercise that's going to be able to allow John to feel himself flex that muscle. Better. It's going to, it's going to help him. Especially when it's in, you know, a slight knee-bed position, which in the position that we were in there is very, very close to what his leg would be in a side chest shot. So if I can get him to be able to flex and learn how to flex and what position he end he out. He's going to be able to get the best flex from with that. That's only going to help how that hangs. Going to look when he gets on stage, especially when he goes to pull it against the other leg. So it's not the only reason why, but that was part of the reason why I selected that is. I want to see him get up there and that shit just hang like, you know, horseballs bigger than horseballs. And it is. I mean, when halfway, you know, after two sets he got up and he's like, look at this and it's like, holy crap. You know, that's more than I've we've ever seen. And that's just tying in that ability to learn how he already knows how to flex the muscle. All right, we're just trying to take it to a little bit higher level. But I think some of that quasi-isometric work that we're doing will help accomplish that. And the thing with those isometrics. And what we were doing, what we doing, five sets of five seconds. Yeah, we were trying all different things to if you've noticed. We tried foot forward. You had some ideas and foot positions. So we're playing around to find more of the greatest contraction is. But that means those were an easy. It wasn't like, you know, picking up an orange and holding it for a slice. Oh, no. Like I was trampled. Yeah, that was near max left, right by the end of that fifth one. Yeah. So that was high effort. That was high intensity, but I symmetric. And you can get muscle growth through my symmetric. There's numerous studies that show that you don't always have to have length of contraction or Concentrate or contractions. I symmetric is a work. And those are high intensity. That's not a that's a new wave stimulating muscle muscle growth. So not conventional, but it will work. Hey, do you done anything like that before Scott? I've done lots of isometric holds. Actually, DC training, dog crap training, which I did for years and years. I mean, probably eight years straight. Dante has people do a cluster set, which he calls a rest boss set. Kind of borrowed that term from Mike Mansor, but it's his own way of doing it. And typically you go to failure three times and then you take a 1215 break. And then you do a hold up to 30 seconds as long as you can. So yeah, I mean, I probably done isometric holds like that. I probably thousand times over the years, but not like this. This was a new thing. The back and forth. So. Okay, I thought you guys did the Bulgarian split slot and Dave. This is your first single leg movement. This is all him, man. It's it's I was told after my hip replacement. I never needed to do another single leg exercise in my life. And buddy Moore told me that and I was happy to tell John Bus out this single leg shit. I did it. You know what? I'll step back and say I'm happy that I was able to do it. I haven't done a single leg exercise for years. So just to be able to do four or five sets of 10, I was happy with that. These guys took it to a whole another level. Hopefully if we continue using that movement and four or five weeks, I'd like to go to do what they're doing. But right now it's for me. I didn't see that as being something that I wanted to risk or the risk benefit risk benefit ratios a little bit too high for the first time with the thing that the fake hit. But they kill it. I mean, they want to after it. And it's something I'm not too sure I'd ever want to do. But I'll let you guys talk about that one. That was brutal. They always want those artists to be able to work on it. That was all those painful things I've done on. If you got to understand kind of the context of the workout today, because we have a little heavier base workouts. What we're doing more leg presses and squats and more conventional stuff. This was, this is what we call pump pump workout. And so we're not using a lot of weight. We're going more for feel, more for pump. So you've got to kind of think about that too as you think about what we're doing today. This is a complimentary workout day. It complements the heavier base day. And I mean, really, you can see on the media, which just, it's a Bulgarian split squat. And we just did three or four working sets. And then we did a drop set. And what we were trying to do was, do a 10 second isometric hold at the end of every 10 reps. And I didn't quite make it toward the end. I just couldn't. But you try that. You try to do it. And you do the best you can. And what is Ron Burgundy say, it's a deep burn. It was awesome to coach. Yeah. It's going to last time. He has a lot of time to see. He's very painful. So he's brutal exercise and just think about the context. It would also be good on a heavier base day. If you made it your third or fourth exercise. Actually, you could even pre-exalce with it. And then squat. That would probably, would you hurt even worse? Maybe harder to do that. I could go and cut while we were going heavyweight things up. Yeah. Yeah. Because we were fresh on our quads. We had just an Amazon work. So that allowed us to work hard on it. But those that never done a split squat. What angles are we looking for in the lead, back, knee and hip? You know, play around with it. You might have a your Tibia and Fabia might be free to this long or mind me this long. Just play around with it. Move your foot position up, move it back. Push off your heel. When you drop down, you can kind of drop down and even sit back into it. You can keep your spine straight and drop straight down. Just play with it. Dave can bring explain this better than me. But just don't twist your spine. You know, the two things I watch now are technique not the end of everything. I don't want to see any twisting, especially whether it's any movement on a saginal playing. And I want the head to be in line with the spine. You know, and you're just fine. So I want the head down. That's not for getting up there. So notice Dave's the eye. I'll tell him to put their head up. It's it's little things that you get hurt on. You never get it. You know, in our age and experience, you never going to get hurt on the major thing. Because you're going to be tight. You're going to be mentally ready. You're going to be focused. You're going to get hurt doing something stupid. But looking down on the third drop set. You're 15 pounds of football gear. It's a split squad. You happen to look down, twist a little bit and you pop your back out and you're fucked for four weeks. So those are the little things that I look at is, you know, the head position and the twisting. The rest of you just go to town. Okay. If you want to you two could talk about that final the drops that the way to use the rep range you're going for. And then how I think you guys did a super slow negative at the end. It was a nice metric. It was a nice metric. I'm going to do it. I mean, John John set out that the rep and isometric. The rep range is the nice metric whole pattern. We're doing four stages, four sets. And frankly, by the time we got to the last one. Because I think you're you weren't quite getting 10 on that third one third. And I couldn't. And I think I might have gotten 10, but they weren't continuous or maybe I didn't get 10. By that fourth one. Basically, that was just go for the gust. Just get it and you possibly can't be safe. Keep your body in a good position and try to just torch the muscle. At least what I was thinking. I'm going to try to try to hang in there and get a muscle contraction. As long as I can. So looking for time and attention is another way to express that. The idea of the situation. If you were like an out at complete form, not so they would have been 10. Perfectly tempoed up and down. Repetitions full range of motion with a 10 second hole in the fourth one. But that's impossible. I think on that first one that we've one of the ones we've filmed. Dave's just like dropped the weight and just stand up. It took me like four seconds to two. So this was an exactly one of those situations where, you know, perfect reps are going to happen. But you can create a tremendous stimulus. Because you're basically trying to activate everything you possibly can. But just want to be safe. That's why it's great to have guys like this saying keep your head up. You know, keep your good position, et cetera, et cetera. And it's also nice because there's nothing but body weight or a 15 pound weight. And you do have a back leg that you can rely on somewhat. If you're doing a squat and you've got hundreds of pounds on your back. Or have you leg press. Not always the best idea to get down there and play in that somewhat vulnerable position. But we had a bar to hold onto. We had another leg to rely on and just body weight. So to me, it felt safe. I wouldn't probably have tell someone who's just been doing that. It's been trained for a couple years. Do track stuff like that because they probably wouldn't have the body sense, especially in that extremely fatigue position with no one watching them to be able to do that safely. But we've been beating ourselves up for a while. So this is that was my personal personal goal. It's just destroyed. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, this here's the target. Try to hit it. This close is you can. Yeah, and that's not that exercise has not been one of my favorites because of balance. So if you notice, we're doing it and we've got one hand holding onto something. That's key to me. I mean, I see people doing these all the time and they're just shifting and they can't. They just can't get set or they're holding two dumbbells and they come up and it kind of lose their balance. And I never really made sense to me. It's like almost like doing a squat on a bow soup or something. It's like, why do you want to do something where you can't even stay balanced? So that's going to compromise your ability of work hard. Instead of thinking, I'm like, kill my muscle. I'm thinking, I hope I don't follow my face. So, you know, we set it up so that we could hold that. We're holding the squat right. So we'd have to worry about balance when he was going to town. So that's a way, you know, we like to take exercises and making them better. And that's a good example of taking a normal exercise and my opinion to make it even better. It allowed him for balance, stability, you know, without stamina and shake him to us on something. Okay. And you had to wrap your leg. What was that? So I have a cool growing. I am slip horse balls there. Yeah. I got so much stuff to carry around this training. I don't know. No, I, that's a sound mic for you here. Yeah. I got quite the load here. No, I slipped over the ice and then pulled my growing as a truth. So it's a slow recovery injury. So I was just wrapping my growing as a little strength still from the winter. So that was it. It wasn't a clue you're in training. I know a lot of people didn't want to do it. Yeah, it was a training. That wasn't a clue you're training. That was don't rip your growing up. Okay. When you guys finished up that exercise, that was the point I noticed you guys took a different stance. You walked slow or you walked through your feet wider. Tell us how you felt after that exercise, where were you at physically? I hurt. Man. It hurt. You know your legs are so full blood. You feel like you're walking like that. I mean, you feel like a tool. You're walking like that. You normally make fun of people to walk like that. That's you. You're the one that's walking like that. So yeah, muscle is just full of blood. You know, I'm thinking, thank God that's over. Because that really hurt. And that's pretty much it. Well, the one thing about those split squats and this addresses the stance where you put your foot and playing around with foot position is that you can drive up using more hamstring loops if you want. You can change your body position. You can come forward a little bit and use more quad. And during that last drop set, I'm one of the things I was trying to do. I could feel, okay, let's get in here. There's not going to be much left. I'm going to have to use my quad more. And I was basically knowingly intentionally trying to make sure that I used whatever muscle mass was fresh and it all got torched. So walking away afterwards, basically the locomotion was barely possible. So yeah, that's why. You're just kind of stumbling basically at that point. Okay. After that, you went on to Haxwild, which is your seem to be the heavier movement. It's also what the game plan was going into that job. I really, really like full range of motion and Haxwild's on pump squats. And that absolutely gave us pump squats. And again, this was a pump day. So we actually really weren't going out heavy. We were doing sets of eight, but they weren't tremendously heavy. Our last set, which was a really hard set. I think it's gotten to 20 reps. I think I did 16 day of drop set, where I think he did, who was either four or five sets of six. So he was up into 20 or 30 rep range. So those were actually, those were actually, I mean, that was actually a pump exercise force. Not really heavy, but we all were using a real good, full range of motion. We were all dropping into a real deep. So that was the game plan. You use a little bit lighter weight, but get a good, full range of motion. And just pump quads up even more. You know, the more pumped they are, the better. You're actually cutin' with the goals for this day. The next two things, these are things that you guys do all the time. You're going to be good to kind of explain to people that might not have thought about it. You seem to do continuous session, they're locking out. Talk about that a little bit. Yeah, I mean, we use a lot of continuous tension on hack squats. We'll do as many reps as we can without stopping. And then when you know you're going to bottom out and you stop, you take a couple of breaths. That's kind of similar to your cluster sets on the way. You're kind of discontinuous set. Yeah, you're kind of giving yourself a little bit of a break, not a few out. Scott did a lot of those of this set. So that's a real marker of intensity. You go to many of you can do. You lock it out, you take a few breaths, you do a few more. Lock it out, you take a few breaths. You may have a deeper, you get into that, the higher intensity is. That's why Scott only did once that. That's why we did one real set, hard set for me. Those sets are really tough. Sometimes people will see on the videos as a set we do like that. And they'll think, wow, they did three or four sets like that. We just worked up to that. And then we really try to go to town and that last set. And that was a similar, and that's what we did on this. We were just on sets of eight, working our way up, working our way up. And then we had a way that would be good for about 20 solid reps. And then but when we work, we work really, really hard. You know, so far as you can. And even though it's still a machine, and it is, you're taking a lot of the stability out of it, you still need to brace yourself. You still need to keep your spine brace. So if you're so fatigued that you can't breathe, and you're breathing on, you can't catch your breath. You're going to lose a lot of that tightness. So a lot of that stopping and getting your breath is also the field of maintain, the body position that you're going to need to be able to get the next one or two reps as well. So, and even with that, I don't think any of us are completely locking out when we're at the top, trying to get our breath. There's still some slight knee bend to keep some tension on the muscle, not completely off. But for me, it's mostly about bracing and breathing, because I don't want to just keep going, keep going. I could force myself to do more, but then I'm going to risk, is my body going to start to come away from the machine, am I going to strain my back, and those type of things. But what it looks like we're actually really isn't. Okay, Davey, you guys always have the orange bandy load, tell people the benefit of that. Most of both the hacksquad and the lay press that we have here, they're prototypes. So actually, almost everything in this gym is prototypes. So we have a mini-earoo and before we even bring it to market, we're going to use it for four to six months before it comes out. The reason why we have the reverse bands on the hacksquad is the cradle of all the way about 400 pounds. So we need, I want some delode at the bottom, because I don't want that bottom position to be the same as what the top is, because that's where the greatest strain and stress is on your knee and your lower back. So if we can delode that position a little bit, then we'll bring the weight back at the top. That's all the greater benefit. It's also a higher angle than what a lot of other hacksquads are. Another hack to watch is going to be lower angle. So you use a ton of weight, but you're basically laying down when you're doing it. Being at a higher angle makes it a lot harder too. So we're at a higher angle with a lot heavier cradle. So it's just to try to take some of the force out of the bottom. The leg press is kind of the same way. It's at a lot higher angle, and we want to delode. I think the leg press cradle is 450 pounds by itself. So I try to set the bands to delode so the cradle is at zero, and then whatever the weight is is whatever the weight is. Okay. You guys want to delode, like extensions after that, moderate weight, you have two 45s on there. And at this point, some of you guys had trouble locking out. Pump was pretty good there. You guys also did burns at the end. And each of you did the burns a little bit differently. I don't know if you guys were aware of that. Yeah. Can you speak to that? Scott. Oh, John kind of muttered. Trying to get sets of 20. And with the first set, I couldn't even get 20. I think I got like 15. And that was it. Doing continuous reps, not like discontinuous. I probably could have cranked out 20. The next set would have been even more pitiful. So I did 15. And then basically, I was just trying to hang in there with what John was doing. I think that's the best I could. I think one of the sets, I decided it's just 21. So I hit 7 up the top, 7 at the bottom. And then I tried to get 7. And I ended up doing kind of 7 in the middle. And that at least gave me 20 reps. A wonderful range of motion. But it extended the time and retention, et cetera, et cetera. So that was basically my effort to try to do was close to what John has suggested. But I was unable to do it because, you know, I just went to 50. Because when I do those, what I did today, what I do a lot of times is I'm dorsy flexing my foot, real hard. And I'm trying to put more tension in my rectus from Morris, come up or quad. My lower quad's tend to be better than my upper quad's. So that's what I was trying to do. And I try to lock them out and just flex that up or quad. Pull my toes back. But then the t-cets in. And that becomes a nice wish, but it doesn't really happen. But I do as many of those as I can. And once the t-cets in, it's just, okay, just keep the weight movement. And then you can then you get to where you can only do partials. Okay, just keep the weight movement and get your number. So that's kind of what's going on there. I'm laughing at these guys, man. You know, you're being all cerebral about fucking I used to. I'll be straight up modest. After my last set of ax watch, I was fucking exombed. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't see my eyes or probably still bloodshot right now. I just did whatever the fuck I had to do to get done. You know, I don't even know what I do. I do as many as I can do normal. And then I'll do as many as I can do that are partial. How partial they are. I don't fucking know. And how many I did normal? I don't know. I have no idea what the fuck they were doing. I just stayed in the rotation. I'm just hanging off for two or five at that point. Try to just open the John says, okay, we're done. I can't even ever do this. You think it's going to be too sad. It's 10. You know, so I just, I wasn't a fucking thing at anything. I was just kicking my feet up, open it the overtime. We should have read like you were thinking about. We should have pulled the camera. I'm freaking out. You're just fucking kicking your left of his. I'm getting it, but he else. There's two plates of great weight. I was happy. He's hot. That was a heavy dude. Yeah. Yeah, I guess want to take you eight seconds just to get in the machine. Yeah. I said, you can't get out. I can't even get out of the machine. So then John jumps him for another set. You got it. So this can happen right in. This was actually today. This is a pump. This is a pretty low voice. When you think about it, this was actually a low volume. Yeah, it's a low volume. The last thing you did was a hip-ed action. What was the gameplay there? John, you were pretty high reps. Oh, like rehab a pole drawing. I mean, that's all I was doing. Lime weight. You're glad into the area. So it heals. That was it. I was just trying to read that. My strength growing. I mean, that's a good thing to do. I didn't think about it. I was just trying to read that. I was just trying to read that. My strength growing. That's a good thing to do. If you're at doctors, and I was really good about doing that two years ago. And I kind of got away from it. That's when my going started pulling again. So I need to get back to doing that. I always do have to have a job. I need to keep that area strong. I need to do one, two sets. But I know it every time I'm in here. The thing I mentioned to John, you look at the greatest, greatest legs ever in bodybuilding. Tom Plats. You really look close to his legs. He's got great. Everything's awesome. But his adductors are ridiculous. And that's probably from squatting to certain degree. Not everyone's going to squat and get that kind of development. That's actually good. That kind of development. But you can develop your adductors doing the ad. During the, during the yes, no machine as I like to call him. It will work. So you can add a really tremendous dimension to your legs to your thighs by doing ad after. I end up doing, I think, a rest-posset that way. A little bit heavier than what John was doing because I don't have a going for right now. At least so I take advantage of that and try to train him heavy to make him grow. And I've noticed the difference of the years when I've been doing those regularly. So that was my approach. And just to wrap it up, how would you say the training session went? How would you characterize it? Well, it was good. I mean, if I look at the goal, the goal was for it to be upon day. Number one, my number one goal is to not get hurt. I don't think he's like that. Don't do the injured. That's what I said. Yeah. You know, that's number one. And I didn't get injured. You know, again, the goal of this workout being to pump as much blood and air as we can. Work hard. So we did those things. So I would consider to success. The goal of these workouts again is not to increase how much weight we're doing or what we're having. So, you know, again, with this being a complimentary workout to the heavier base workout, I mean, this was good. This was what we set out to do. I agree. That was the first thing John asked me to tell you, like I said, just happening and get injured. And I got away with it three times in like the last week. So, you know, I was happy with that too. This is fun. I love doing this kind of training like this. I would much rather come in and just blast the holy heck out of the muscle last. But when you're training as regulars, as I do, as frequently, I can't get away with that. Obviously, if I try to train like again in two days, it wouldn't be very pretty with last for a long time. But this is a lot of fun. I enjoy these quite a bit. So.