Yeah, definitely both. I love the amino acid profile of Ruddmeet. I think it's great protein. The rate limiting amino acid is really high. Rate limiting amino acid, like something like corn. I think L-triptofan is the rate limiting amino acid and it's really, really low. So you might have in one gram of corn, you might have 100 milligrams of this, 100 milligrams of this, and then only 2 milligrams of altriptofan low. The rate limiting amino acid is an essential amino acid. That's the maximum amount of protein synthesis that can occur is whatever that rate limiting essential amino acid is. Well, Ruddmeet has a great amino acid spectrum. You don't ever have a real low essential amino acid. And so the only problem with Ruddmeet is it's high in fat. You know, this is only benefits high in iron. It's great amino acid profile, but it's generally high in fat. Well, you get something like bison or buffalo generally. And generally, they're free-range too, so they're you know, grass fed. So they have really low fat. So you have a red meat. All the benefits are red meat, but you know, as low in fat is chicken. I mean, if the only downfalls there are more expensive, but if you can find a good low-cost source for them, they're the best source. Best meat protein source. So it shouldn't get in my mind. Red people love red meat for a number of reasons. High in iron, high in creatine, which benefit, you know, if you're eating six times a day and you're eating red meat six times a day, you're probably getting more creatine from that than you would if you actually supplement it with five, you know, five grams of creatine on top of it. So all those benefits, but primarily a great amino acid profile. The only downfall for Red Meat for diet is it's high in fat. And you have to account for those calories because fat has more than twice as many calories for the ground than protein does. Well, you get, you know, by center buffalo, you get really low, especially when the grass fat or free range, you get really low fat. So you basically have the fat level of chicken or fish, like Talapea, but all the positive benefits of the red meat. So I mean, it's a great protein source. Like I said, if I could find a low-cost buffalo or any kind of red meat that happened to be as low as fat as chicken, I would use that as my primary, I mean, I would eat that for every meal as my protein source, I could. And on top of it, red, everyone's different, but for me, red meat tastes good. I mean, who doesn't like it to steak, you know? I mean, red meat tastes good. For dieting, well, really all year, the, I like flank steak as my favorite tasting cut that's relatively low in fat, but it's a little bit higher in cost. Probably the best fat, best cut, especially when dieting are the rounds, cap round, bottom round, iron, but for a number of reasons, they're really low in fat. And bottom round is about four grams of fat per, three ounce serving, where chicken is generally like three or four, chicken breasts, three, four grams of fat. And on top of that, it's usually the lowest cost cut as well. It's kind of how deep in the diet I am. It's to the point where I just want to get the food down, then I just cook it, whatever is easiest. I always add salt to it, but if I, you know, if I have motivation to cook it, I'll grill it, and I love it with, in the off season with barbecue sauce, open, pick barbecue sauce or any kind of, I like that kind of flavoring barbecue sauce, slightly spicy, always heavily salt my meat. I like my perfect steak is a basic salt and pepper barbecue steak, probably medium to medium