The sweet, what the lit of TS compound, the after the second power of the experience. Biggest thing that I saw was this upper back tightness, not enough upper back tightness, not enough getting tight before they come out of the rack. People were trying to fix their tightness after they already out of the rack. The thing I was trying to explain is if you're not totally different, if you're not doing everything correctly, it starts just in the way you can finish correctly. That was definitely the biggest thing that we saw. That was definitely one of them. For me, it was also not engaging in blues. Yeah, that's pretty spread. Yeah, I engage in blues. Stand up on it, stand under the bar and before you were at a squat, you were breaking the hip. Yeah, absolutely. That was probably the other. So that one back tightness all together. Yeah, I'm tightness all around basically. The tightness was the biggest issue definitely. I think by the time we worked that out and worked the role of that, by the time they got rid of that, max of temp, second, and third, I think it kicked the end to all. Yeah, it started to work. Everything else, all the little minor stuff started working so far. As soon as the tightness was taken care of, yeah, absolutely those were big issues. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The problem was like, this, you know, flex your butt, squeeze your butt tight, flex in. Like, I would tell them beforehand before they do it, what they're doing wrong. You then I would yell it when they got to the bars. Squeeze your glutes, flex your glutes, pull your hips in, hips tight. Yeah, squeeze your glutes, spread them for the floor. Yeah, that's the main cue I usually use is like, I could try to tear the floor in half of your feet. Yeah, I could try to split the floor between your legs, push your part, and that will kind of wake up the glutes and the hips. Exactly. I like to tell them glutes so they'll, you know, I can see because I can use the pop and I have some pop there. It visual external. Exactly. So it's just, it's real simple. I think, please write about spreading the floor, and then you have to do it at all to make it work. Cool. Biggest issue with the bench press I saw right off the bat was slow descent with the bar for raw bed. Our group was mostly with all raw actually, every heading on group was raw. And all we're bringing the bar down like a quick answer is a slow response. We'll just, we're talking six, six second descent, you know, where I could do a set of four reps and six seconds, you know. Yeah, that was a huge one. That was definitely a problem. Every time they would start to wait, they would start to get heavy. I mean, they wanted it was, I guess it was close to that period. And maybe not even a PR. They were starting to slow it down to descent. More weight. Less speed. That's not what we're saying. And that was the biggest, we write it was the biggest issue. They were like, just fear I guess. It's attacking. That's exactly what it is. You think that's it? That's what I say. You can't get on that bar for you. Yeah, absolutely. It's, you know, it's, it's not something else to do. It's, uh, a couple of, it was trying, in sense, it was new for a lot of, I think, I think they had trying to use to, uh, the commands, we didn't, not, yeah. I was like, we went on leg drive. I was, the prior, the second biggest thing was leg drive. Right. We're a complete lack of leg drive. Mm-hmm. And that was just what set up stuff. We were able to correct a lot of that. I think we're full placement and just kind of teaching the set up correctly. At one point, that's where I demonstrated the way that I do it. Mm-hmm. You know, I always say like, you want to do exactly like me, but it works. It works. It works. Not enough. What you did? I think what you did worked. Yeah, you did. Thank you. I was impressed. Mm-hmm. Well, there was a couple different things. Um. I think they set the pulling the slack out of the bar, right? It would be good if that slack out of the bar was a big one. Yeah. But also sometimes the hips were too long. Yeah, you're right. It should not stop. Yeah. I think there's two things kind of fix each other. Exactly. Exactly. When they feel like they brought the hips up in the right spot and pulled against the bar, right? That did one correct the other. Right. It helped them. Like we were doing with telling them, you know, push, push on the back and get everything set that first. Right. That cue that I use. You know, and then from that position, it kind of gets in a little bit more behind the bar. Yeah. It gets the hips right really, wouldn't it be? Exactly. The hips basically just four of them. It would perhaps have some stuff to do not. Exactly. It was pretty good. I thought toward the end of the day, when everybody starts at PRR, you can see it. It started, they started to kick in, they started, you know, they got the most stick you'd. That was emotional, man. That was pretty. It was always what we do. I've worked on a clean one and she's crying. I was, yeah. Yeah. It's cool to see that. That's the best one. That's the best one. Yes. The best part of it, man. That's nice to see improvement. And that's sure it would appear at a time. And then to, you know, I like taking that. That's, kind of it to me is about connecting with people. Well, that was the best example of that. This is when you, when you can work with somebody, see them improving. They see they get all, like, you know, proud of you. And it's, you know, exactly. Exactly. It's like, you know, you know, you've done a good job, but as far as they can act in part of it goes. That's exactly what I take away from it. I love helping. I love them. Because they, they accept it. They want it. They just, they try to be, even at very bad information you give them. I'll try that again for you if you wanted to. It's right. It's right. Yep.