What do you think that exercise is going to do for my triceps at 680 just didn't? You know, and so that kind of ties in a little bit to, you know... I spent the last 14 years of the sport in my training at West Side Barbell and it was when it was on Denver so it was a small place and we did what we told us to do and you know we trained our weaknesses and stuff like that but for the most part, you know, we all learned from them and he taught us how to teach each other. So when I'm asked that question, you know, it's kind of like asking me what would I change if I could go back during those times based upon what I've learned right now and do differently and you would think that it's a lot, you really would, you know, and that I've learned a lot and I have learned a lot but what I've learned is it's different. It's, you know, what I've learned isn't all powerlifting focus to get ready for that next meet, you know, what I've learned's been more, you know, health conditioning, you know, weight loss, fat loss, muscle building, high-perchemy, you know, a lot of the things that weren't that important to me at the time when it was all 100% strength-based. So I can sit here and say that, you know, I may have done the accessory work different and to be able to understand the answer, you need to be able to understand how we were trained in the time and the eight keys article which is on elitefts.com explains that pretty thoroughly but essentially we did our, you know, our core exercise which was a max effort or dynamic effort exercise first, then after that we did what I call a supplemental exercise which was the main exercise to build that core exercise and then everything that followed after that were accessories. So if I was to change anything it would be how we trained our accessories because everything else cycled, everything else had waves on how it would cycle, you know, a max effort wave would be one to three weeks, the dynamic wave could be anywhere between three to five weeks, the supplemental movements may change, um, every one to three, sometimes four weeks, you know, it, it, it pen it upon what the movement was and how, how long you could keep breaking records before you were doing. And the accessory exercises really didn't change how a lot. I mean it was just kind of the ship, we threw at the end, you know, shoulder raises and band push downs and it's just, ship, we felt that we had to do but there really wasn't a whole lot of thought, you know, kind of put into it, you just did whatever the else did or whatever you thought you needed to do because for the, for the most part the training's done, you know, you're just trying to train the stableizers and, you know, train other body parts to, to help them get in injured. But when I think back and I look at that I see that a little bit as a, uh, is a gap, you know, is something that we could have knowing what I know now about muscle building, hypertrophy. You know, we could have, I guess a great example would be, you know, I wrote an article on this, it's a supplement, it's called supplemental exercises where if you just search, date, supplemental exercises there is an hour long seminar video attached to the article. But an example would be dumbbell rows that we'd throw at the end of the training, you know, not as the second movement, but just dumbbell rows essentially just to work your lats. You know, looking back, you know, doing 150 pound dumbbells for 15 reps or whatever the hell I would do just slam in the shit up and down, it wasn't working the lats anywhere in here as effectively as what I could work the lats now, if I was using, you know, a 70 pound dumbbell and really focusing on trying to get the muscle to stretch and get any good contraction. Theoretically, when I look back, I think to myself, the lighter dumbbell would actually develop more muscle would have increased the range of motion a little bit more, which I think was lacking with us some, I would ease with me because powerlifting essentially is a short range of motion sport, with everything that you're doing, you're trying to shorten the stroke on squat bench to that lift, you know, across the board. So it would have opened some joints up that I think, you know, weren't being worked through the full range at the time, and I wouldn't have lost anything strength wise because we weren't really doing them for strength in the first place. But, and this is where there's that big pause at the beginning, what I did worked, you know, it worked for me and it worked really well for me, and it worked for everybody else who was in the gym. So who am I to say that if we would have changed the way that we did accessories, it was going to work better, you know, you don't know. So I don't know. I do change it with the people that I work with now and give advice to. You know, I just, I don't see the point of training those type of accessory movements, you know, balls out super heavy and putting all that wear and tear on the joint when it's just being done to help build muscle when there's other principles you can use to build muscle, which are going to be less strain on the joints which you've already pounded to begin with. You know, I take away from that is I once heard George Halbert who was a multiple, you know, multiple world records and several weight classes for the bench press. Somebody asked them after he did a two board press and the gym was something ridiculous, like six AED or some shit like that. And then somebody came up to him and said, you know, George, what are you going to do for your triceps next? And George's answer was, what was, what do you think? What do you think that exercise is going to do for my triceps at six AED just didn't, you know, and so that kind of ties in a little bit to, you know, you do those heavy things like that which are real demanding on the joint, then you got to really understand why you're doing the movement you're doing. Is it for muscle building or is it for strength or are you just going to shotgun and say help? It's for both. You know, but if you can distinguish and that's fine, a lot of people do just shotgun, it's for both. You need both. But if you're going to separate it in your mind and that's the way I did in mind, this towards the end of the work out, it became more hard to purchase a few days. If that's going to be the case, then, you know, I see value in taking the wear and tear off of the joints. But what it have worked better, I don't know, I advise it now when I speak to people. Is it working better for them? Then it did for the lifters that, you know, I was back then. I don't know. And the reason I don't know was I don't like working with people who are at the pro level. It's nothing against the people that are at the pro level. I'll do anything to help them out. Most of this, these are going to be technical or they need to back off a little bit. I actually know that better than I do, no training beginners. But I'd rather help people with the intermediate level that are trying to get to that next level than trying to help an absolute beginner or pro guy. So we were all at the top of the game at Westside at that time. So it's comparing apples to oranges for me to sit there and say that it works great with these intermediate lifters when we were all advanced lifters. I can't make that comparison with that. Obviously things have changed over the years that Louie has implemented with Westside Barbell and what those things are, that question would be better directed towards him. But I do definitely think that would be a question. He should be asked and anybody who speaks to him should ask you know how you train in differently. Now compared to how you train pre 2005 because we all kind of got a little fucked up. Now I think a lot of it was our mentality. You know, we train too hard. We didn't back down. We were told, I'm not going to say here and say Louie was in the naibler. He was telling us to back down. We just chose not to. I think he has guys now that actually were listening to him a little bit more from that regard. But he doesn't have the injuries that we did when we were in there. So obviously he learned from it. You know, so he would definitely be the person to ask in that regard and I do not want to sit here and speculate. I do think I know some of the reasons but I do not want to sit here and speculate. We're trying to speak for somebody else. I won't do that. So that would be a question for him in a very good one to ask.