I hope you guys enjoyed yourself. I'm low in teaching helping. I think we got some great goals to be great. I think we did a great job in everybody together doing this. One thing that many and day above was talking about was TAKAS. You know what's about TAKAS through this quiet and events? In the deadlift, it's a different type of TAKAS. It's going to be TAKAS which will be TAKAS this tomorrow. The first thing we'll talk about is hand placement. One of the things I guess I ever was kind of seeing is when you lie up on the bar. You go to the bar and you kind of keep it. Most of them when you get ready to lie that sort of warm it up. But when you count as getting dissolved, you kind of insist that when you're big lifts. Sometimes you go to the bar and you wouldn't really pay attention when you hand out. Make sure to pay attention when you play your hands. So, two different people told me that. Pay attention when you play your hands. Make sure that your hands are what is supposed to be. And the same place I've been trying to train. Whether you're seeing the work of your hands, you want to make sure that you, you know, well, if you're so low and you reach down and you know, belive it is that your hands. Make sure that you're doing nothing and you practice enough that you get it to the right. That you've ever done as a partner. Because you know, that's the last thing I want to do a lot of the other y'all. Either way. So, a lot of the hand is very important because the bar is not to what you want to. That can cause you to mislead. The next thing I'm going to tell you about is the hips. You started off in my group. It's best group of the day. You know, pretty obvious, but anyway, the hips work, you know, that we have issues with the hips and the two higher to the lower. And you don't want to start with your hips too low. You want to, what do you, what I refer to my left is my coach. I don't know. When my team got up, we're not trying to, we don't want to squat our dead lives. You know what I'm saying? You can get a lot of leg drive and get a lot of power on the knees and your knees. But if you start in my position, so if you want your hips to be in a position where you pull, when you go to pull, where they're still on our conventional and you pull on the bar, what you can do is, if you videotape yourself and you look at it, when you start your pull, whenever the bar starts to move, when you get your hips up, that's when you want your hips to start and you start to blow and soon you pull on the bar, when you have to rise up, and then the bar starts to move. That's when you need to start with your hips. You need to find out the best place to do it. So that you know, be over time you bar, the bar is, you're putting yourself two far out of the bar, so that you have to have a lot of guys. There we get pulled over the bar to forward a little bit and locking up, you know, and correct locking the locking the legs out too similar or something, leaving yourself hanging up the bar top. So much energy helps when you're not too low to start with. That's the biggest thing that's seen. And you want to start with two high because if you do high, you can use two hamstrings. It's not going to be a big divide, but you go, you know, it's not going to work. So you have to mix between your guising and hamstrings. Also when you're doing this and you put it in the bar, you don't put your slack, put it slack at the bar. I use a term I call, lower the bar, I always say this is a lie. I'm not sure you're going to lower the bar, lower the bar. And I mean by lower the bar is what is like David, Vinnie both crazy now, stay in tight. And you lower the bar and you get tight. At that point when you lower the bar and get tight, you don't want to move. When you start to put on the bar, it should be a jerk. It should be any kind of four-in-a-little. Any unobarce that goes straight up, you can buy the start to be moving forward to the bar. It should be a, you don't want you to need any side moves. You don't need to eat the flush itself. Like I was telling you, no, tell me, I like, trust the butcher, I'm saying. Make it run along. Make yourself reach, stretch out. And so that was one of the things I was seeing also. Not really being patient enough or trusting yourself or thinking you need to get a job on the bar. That's basically what you're trying to get a job on. They feel like they're going to go, if I reach it, if I go up here and I attack the bar, as hard as I possibly can, in trying to get a moving as fast as possible. That's going to be my best way to do it. That's how I always do best. Let's do it. A good depth of, you go to trust yourself. You will be patient. You will be driven with him. When you reach out and grab the bar with a similar intervention, you go set yourself up. And you go trust. You put your hands in my place and you pull him by you load up. You take the maximum air, you take it, you load the bar. And you get ready to pull, you pull. You know, watching games to bar start, pull up. You're just going to move the direction off, whatever length it will be tight. You go be spread it forward to feet, hips will be tight. That means we're coming forward. Hands, hands, hands, we're getting close. We'll be engaging. Chest up, upper backs will be tight. And you're going to be fine. Don't get ahead of yourself and try to explode too soon. And that's probably what you think they're going to see if people do. I think they can't pull. You know, they think they think we have trouble with it. As soon as I tell my conclusion, oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I said, all right, slow down. And let's just take it down and go down this pool easy. And because it nerves and adrenaline you go on, I mean, I think not having this damn Jayce, which you now, I bet you'll go back to the jail and you do the same shit. Oh, wait, I'm telling you. I see it all up. Because I'll say, no, no, no, no, no. It makes me laugh like, there aren't any you listen to. You know, being patient when you're in the pool, trusted your bottle of food. Because as soon as the bottle of food, as soon as the bar starts moving, didn't even explode like crazy. Because the only thing you explode like crazy, the way the headmings are the weight and the tightness of yourself. It's going to make everything come together and it's going to be moving. It's not going to be any extra moving. I go move forward. It's going to move straight up and the whole thing will lock up. But if you get ahead of yourself trying to go, this will be always, it's not extra difficult to know. I'm probably talking about stuff I don't need to. These things are just coming up on about the dead. Don't go to the bar, jerk it on the bar, snatch on the bar, you know, you grab the bar and you're in the pool. You know, you see a lot of big deadels a day, something lip is around. They got different ways that I could do stuff. Don't pat it yourself by people to do things because they are a big lifters or they can lift it out of the way. They're beast and animals, but someone else guys don't necessarily approach them. Do things if you're right away. Try to make your correction format technique. Get into where you do it the best way possible. So when you get to that monster stage at B stage, you're doing it right. You know what I'm saying? You'll get bypassed on it. You know, just because they all were counted by snatching bar up, jerk it up and then dropping the bar down and flow like something crazy. You know, don't pat it yourself by people like that. I guess it's wrapping all up as a setup, whether you're so low, working with tension, either one of them. Far is conventional. I mean, I just, I like to go to the bar. You said in my feed, right? Whether it be, you got to imagine yourself into it from the bar, put it in the work to me. I might be the most of the bars I can. As I got older, I'm going to take a little bit of a touch out of it more. I don't have to flex a bit that used to have. So I have to kind of get back off from a bit because my knees want to go forward with the bar. It's just a long stick work now. But you want your knees, you want to be your feet, and your feet straight up and down as much as possible. You don't want to be leaning forward over the bar. You don't want to have to pull that. You want to say, you want everything to be kind of straight up. You don't want to pull that back. This way. Okay? You want to kind of straight up. So it pretty much is about everything together. I mean, whether you're some more conventional, just be patient, take your time setting up, go to the bar. I did take a couple of people there. Who's the third attempt of last pull. And they walked up and they kind of went down. They were getting down before they got to the bar. You said, you can't reach down and grab the bar from you. You get to it and then start your pull. You soon get there and you start pulling the bar. That's not a set of. Get to the bar. You said the way you want to say, whether you do something fancy, hands up, or whatever it takes a mare. Whether you take your laptop, whether you take your in the box. Normally if I'm wrong, now I'm here. I can take my hair to the bottom. If I'm wearing a hair, I like to take hair to top because I can't really breathe in the car. So get your big brother there and you start pulling the ball against the bar. Pull up and go from there. Whether you're still more conventional. And it's why. You want to keep your upper back. I mean, when you said that, do I have to? Everybody, we have a few different ways to do it. Do not know them a lot. We got some great clothes. Everybody clothes. Who had a couple of different ways. There's certainly different ways to do it. And depending on how you live, where there's a multi-clier raw, whatever you can change your style. It's still be successful. It's been done to record all the way around. But our time is. To me, when you want to set up in the squat. You want to keep your. You're everything new to. When you grab the bottom, you grab it. But I'm this big. We're going to. I like to stay tight. Squeeze the bar. You're not squeezing the bar. Everything is tight in here. I'm digging in. It's like they were saying. What you're trying to find is spot. For your traps. When you dig that bar and you're sitting in that. Tides you can get it. And you said that. And you keep me. And you have to do this. Just tight. And you flex. You keep everything. It's tight as you possibly can. All the way up and down. And just this is tight as you can. I was trying to fix that a lot to you guys. Because I was trying to preach you not to be. When you pick the bar up. Not to be here. You're bucks to get out. You don't want you bucks to get out. You can get up. You want everything in. This in. Backstipe. Things tight up here. Up top. The whole. The whole way. The whole time. That's what you want to be. Everything needs to be tight. And a lot of time I think we should get about. Because it makes a big difference down a shelf. And you have to complete bar tightness. You're seeing everything should be straight along. You know what I just play on one other thing. I know that. I hate to see. Like I said everybody is on the way. I'm not big on this. I'm not big too big on. I'm lifting too much of here. It works. It works. It's all the way. I really do get this way. You're tight. Draw it down tight. Squeeze the empty empty. Keep everything neutral. And stay this way. Because if you get too far out this way. And you hit it out and find it behind you. You probably go missing depth by inching to me. If you hit it in the end, under you start. It's still causing your missing depth. You call it just going to a higher. I need not tight enough. And it's everything just don't. When you break it, when you go to break the squats, when you break it, you break it. You break it. You break it from there and I said, and you just want to just go. When it was this year. Whether you break it. And you know, you're sitting back, back, back, back. Right. Or you just know, a break that you're going straight down. It's 10 on the stop. It's quite. There's so many different ways you do it. Either way you want you to hit it. You want to start with you. That's why. That's why.