Mark Watts, lead at TS.com. Today I'm going to talk about the differences as far as incorporating the power clean or any kind of clean movement in your system and high pools. And my opinion, it's very difficult to try to incorporate them both. Not sure that the high pool is a good exercise to enhance technique on the clean in vice-versa. So the one issue with the clean is the positive end of it is that there is financial and left. You either get the clean or you don't. The trouble with the high pool is that's not the case. There's a lot of subjectivity in the performance of the movement based on the height. Again, a lot of times once you get pretty heavy and a high pool whether you're keeping your feet planted or doing a stop, most of the time get those hips through once a week at heavier, you have a half of these pool and they're chest down to the bar and not really getting full extension. And the benefit with the clean and high pool they both have a triple extension opponent. With the high pool it's really easy to kind of cheat that. So one thing that got probably about over a decade ago from an article as far as the target and high pool and using bands to create some kind of objectivity in the movement. So you have kind of a quantitative measure as far as how high you're pulling that bar. So again with this, set up an Iraq, the way we did it was just a mini band in a care bander and again now we were doing from the floor from the hang regardless if I'm going to go ahead and execute the high pool. I often do a technique wise doesn't matter but now I have a standard area to pull the way from. Pull the way to. Now you can adjust these bands based on height of the athlete. So if you have different height athletes they can come in, they can adjust the band. Secondly you can adjust these bands based on the intensity you want for that pool. So you might have one week when you want your athletes to pull heavy, you might set these bands up fairly but level other standing. You might have it so again they're going up to up to up to sternum level. Whatever you're going to do but again that's another way that you can adjust the intensity of the movement based on the height of the pool. Again it gives you a little bit of objectivity when you're performing that. So again if you're a person it's not comfortable clean. You want to have to sit with some high poles but you're afraid of just not being able to standardize them. This may be a good tool for you to use.