Hey guys, back to www.kottmanly.fds.com. Equipment sales today. We're here at Columbus, Ohio with Brian Saunders at 11 athletics. Brian, thanks for having us today. No problem. You open this place up about one. One thing to this now. This is this place is ridiculously awesome. You have the biggest director record ever seen once in our life. You guys, you're in an 90-benches, glued hands, 40-fotted your back raise. We have 50 yards of turf places to spend to ask. Tell me how this place keen to be. Well, you know, there were a number of different things along career path as string from Giddish and Coach as athletic trainer. I started to take a look at facilities. You know, every facility that I walked into, I was just in meet me. What I thought of facilities should look like. I mean, they're either like fancy, health club type B&O, where you've got to sit down on something comfortable to work out. Or maybe it's just a little bit too rough exterior to try to kind of go on to lay in a ceremony. But I wanted something where I could implement my philosophy on how people should move. And, you know, it just comes down the fact that I believe everybody should move like an athlete. And I wanted space where people could move, push everything, lift heavy things, active mobility stretching, and kind of like train like an athlete. I believe that everybody's an athlete should train like an athlete. Yeah, so I think you think a good job of you nailed that because, you know, it does kind of have hardcore gym field, but it's clean. You got nice bathrooms, nice showers. So it's not that, you know, remote, you know, water dripping from the ceiling. Gross parkour warehouse gym. It still does give you a little bit of that corporate gym field, but at the same time, you get a rough, you know, intense workout here. Give us a little background, I knew. How you got it, so you're straight to conditioning your education background, so forth. Sure. Bachelor of Science Sports Medicine. I came out as an athletic trainer. I did that for about five years. We realized that with certain people we yell in a trainer come over here and play a bit of an ankle. But really that background taught me a lot about how to train people. I don't, you know, you see it from, you know, kids, some bit of way to adults to adults. Everybody has problem, or, you know, maybe problems on the way to strike, but this doesn't move correctly. And being able to implement an entry prevention and corrective exercise and those sort of things, really set a base for me. Then from there, I got an administrative conditioning, where I came to a certain extent, I was just a little bit of a little bit of an administrative conditioning coach. And that, that kind of excited me, me things more interesting to me. But combining both of those two philosophies together is kind of what, for my background. And then I went back and got my MBA, so I couldn't do it. Run a business. That was helps. So here at the Lovina Athletics Base, but you can come in, you can do your own workout, monthly rate, or you can join classes, you guys have sports specific type classes. So tell us what kind of training options you have here at Lovina Athletics. Well, first off, when you come in 11 athletics, I really like multiple disciplines. I don't persuade you not to do strong man when persuading you not to power a lift. I would not persuade you not to cross with. So you can come in and kind of do your own thing. We have classes that are all a card, so you can add that onto your membership and pay monthly and do high intensity exercise classes that we offer. We also have team training where we train teams, high schools. We do do collegiate professional athlete here as well. So that's kind of how that works. The gym is yours to train how you want to train at 40 bucks a month as an individual. The rest is up to you if you want to add on. That's great. I mean seriously, for $40 a month, and you can't get any better than this. This is $40 a month, this is a steel. You know, the place is great. Congratulations on that. How can people get a touch of you with their interest in coming to 11 athletics? You're almost smack that downtown Columbus Ohio. And what's the best way to get a hold of you guys? Well, I think it's 11 athletics.com. You can find all the information you need there. Obviously, contact information pages there and link. My phone numbers up there, business numbers up there. I think it's something that you come down, take a look at it. And if you're open to achieving a higher fitness level, you've come to the right place. If you want to total your thumbs and get fit, this is right in the place for you. Guys, 11 athletics, Columbus Ohio. He's right off Alonkree Drive, just outside Columbus on the east side. Check him out. And his place is fantastic. It's stacked with the gills with different equipment, different pieces to train on. You can do everything at your place. It's really cool. Brian, thanks for having us. Thank you, Chris. Hey, look at the beach, guys. You can also get Brian on Facebook. You've got a Twitter Instagram pretty much every social media. I'll go to 11 athletics.com. So, thanks guys for being with me.