Mark Watts, leadFDS.com. I'm here with Joe Ken, owner of Big House Power in competitive athletic training and Joe's here this weekend for the Elite FDS Sports Performance Training Summit. Joe, we appreciate you being here. You're going to be talking about the tier system. Talk a little bit about some of the misconceptions around the tier system and Woody, I hope to accomplish this weekend when with your speech. Well Mark, first of all, really am honored that you and David invited me out to be a part of the first sports performance summit hosted and sponsored by Elite FDS and obviously something that's true to my heart. I passion when it comes to program design is the tier system. Over the last 12 13 years, it's really taken off. It's very very humbling to see how many people are utilizing it. Some more than others, some have tried to hybrid it themselves which I'm all about making something your own. That's the only way you're happy to be able to promote it as I believe in this whole heartily and it comes from intrinsically motivating factors, not because of this guy one numerous championships. We have to train this way. So it's really cool to see that. We spoke about this probably what now six years ago when I was in here with Jim Wendler about what are some of the things that are the misconceptions of the tier system and the truth is part of it is what I'm about to think and talk about tomorrow because in 90 minutes I don't think I'll have enough time. We may answer some questions on it but it's actually out of our major points. We have four to five major points of the tier system. The one that gets the most questioning is one of the four points. The first for all based off what a true is. Movement exercise selection exercise order exercise choice but the one misconception is the tier system and based off of a specific cycling of periodization model. That to me is where you're creating this and what you truly believe in as far as sets and reps is very very unique to what you have been accustomed to once you grew up with. So for me what I want to get through tomorrow is what athletic based training is which I think everybody would have a good idea. Reaffirm that to the people in the audience that they know hey you're on the right path. I mean I even at this point in my career it's always good to have somebody reassure you that hey you're on the right path and I think that's what I hope to do tomorrow with with coaches who will utilize our system. Reassure them they're on the right path and give them a better insight of what the thought process was when it all started. The biggest thing that I would say is the cycling there are some unique things that happened in the tier system. When it was very first started it was volume controlled per tier. Sure yeah. I was brought up at that time. Now it's more what am I trying to develop. Each tier based off ZAT's here are these three ways of raising strength and maximum effort dynamic that we were petting that. So that's a unique part in itself. What I hope to really get through tomorrow is some of the major important points of what the tier system is and I had learned this last year presenting at a seminar that I did with my Robertson was I didn't emphasize enough out when I first started promoting it how important your exercise pool is to the tier system. As your exercise tier grows your variability of movements will expand and then that would really give you the what I call inner with the new term you're going to hear me start talking about his intermixed periodization because all the models intertwined. Yes it does. There's no one way to do it so when you're looking at the as your athletes training age goes up variability has to come into play more. How you layer exercises. How you some people call it you know you start at okay squat what's the regressions to get to a squat and then what's the progressions of the chair. These are all the things that I think need to come into play now when athletes or coaches of athletes are developing exercise pools because the diversity is going to be so much broader than if we're just training a specific discipline. So I think that's my big my big point in 90 minutes is to get that across but like I told you I always said I want to do this and I want to make sure I get a done tomorrow. I need to get on the grease board gets a minor action from the cross-ord and just see how quick and real simple it is because in the truth like we talked about in the same facility six years ago the integrity of the tier system is the templated approach to exercise or how how you choose the exercise or within there's a lot of creativity and it's got to be up to you and what you're what you're a custom to uncomfortable with you. Make it in your own. It's not your own it's not going to work and believe me I don't care what age athlete you have they can see through it athletes are smart. We've talked about before about the difference between the science of coaching in the art of coaching and I know you've talked about sometimes younger coaches get that second part they're not up to point with that. What is some of the best advice you can give young coaches that are trying to get into the professions and what's some of the things that helped you with a longevity in this career that you have? Well I do think in this day and age the amount of scientific data the amount of textbooks that are out there is so much more of a plethora than a lead starter. Yeah it's very very there's a different approach like I consider myself more a practical approach you know people talk about you know types of research my my research is never going to be printed because my research is with athletes daily I don't have enough time to accumulate spreadsheets of data because my research is talking to athletes after every workout and making it a business. One of my pet peeves is with one of our professional journals when we first started out this journal was based on practicality when you opened up this journal you are really so in article with numerous review of literature and numerous references. It was somebody speaking how I train my guys. Those days are almost done you hardly ever see articles about the real practicality of what's going on. I want to know how this guy trains the guy and what he's thinking when he's writing those programs and I can read the other research articles and decipher that for myself so it's the practicality of sometimes you gotta remember man it's art and science the science is here but the human being you know buddy Morris says plastic and fluid so you have to be able to create and the law of individual differences will stay yes you can train similar athletes at similar positions with similar movements but then in this day in age of correctors or before correctors you know the west side models built on improving your weaknesses. So that's where our blitz working your extra workouts come in so you build this base model and then the individualistic part of it is building through the athletes and division means that's art that's that's straight just watching people move. Maybe you have to have an educational background to be aware of is it ankles your hip? I get that but if you yourself are a practical athlete and you're training you understand too because of the kinesthetic awareness it's easier to approach and athlete and really try to express what he or she or what you think they should feel and the feedback you can get back if you're under the ball under the same amount of stressors that's like we were talking yesterday I'm fortunate enough even though I was a competitive pilot that I train athletes because for the most part the demands and loads that they handle very few have done and I can compare to that right but it's like when we're talking about lifters if my best squad is 650 I can only train a guy to a 650 squad because I don't know what the loads and demands and the training volumes and tenses are for anything above that sure something with with Olympic weight lifting or something with bodybuilding but from athletic standpoint I know most of those movements whether I'm good at them or not I know what it's right what I feel and what it should feel to someone else so those are the things that come into it and don't get me wrong I'm not I'm not necessarily I'm not against science I mean what we're all here because of it right and there's a lot of practical science that goes in every day when you create and set to reps cranes but what I what I see now is also the young the young kids are extremely smart way smarter than I am they know exactly what they know but they know what's out there now we're not doing a good enough job of telling me young kids is starting the history like I can read about undulating whatever prioritization you think but we all started with two to bump us there to methodology of training so you need to start there it's kind of like how we train our athletes in the states we go from specific to general we get everybody doing everything oh we got to buy all these pyramids upside down yeah and it's the same thing that's happening now we got all these kids reading these this material when it should be reading here and moving up you know at the end of the day and hopefully young here's what I'll tell you about here's what I believe with the young strength coaches I think I got two critical points one is don't chase and I mean don't chase the better job but don't chase the better money because if you do that your investments in the chase and not in the job that you have now and that's that's the space the volunteer internship maybe the most important job that you will ever have because that's the job that's going to create your first recommendation so if you go in more half as in it because you're more worried about oh I just got to get this 15 weeks in that big time university and I'm going to go there believe me you're not going there so invest all in on the job you have the job you have right at this point is the best job in the world if you don't think that you need to evaluate where you're going we're on the and then the second one is very very simple be yourself don't think oh this guy trains his guys like this and he's a height show if you have no height in you you can't height a guy just can't do it you know create your own dynamic and why the athletes want to be drawn to you you know we are all you know in this day of social media it's it's good and bad I mean let's face yeah it's got a lot of great points I utilize it but I know how to filter right so the biggest thing is filtering things and just be just be who you are and be all in or what you want if it's true your passion it shouldn't be hard to do right would you appreciate your time which is the best way to get a hold of the website yeah generally for me big house power dot com and I'm better with email me this day and age even with cell phones it's emails easy because you always stare at your emails right you know who needs your message I mean and I and I that's certain things that I try to take pride in but I've done a I'm a poor guy on returning phone calls for whatever reason I don't you know just but email is generally fairly well or you can forward it to an assistant who can help you with okay issues that I don't necessarily know oh I give you number two I give you two two for the young strength coach here's three find a niche it's creating jobs especially in this analytics world we just tired of full time assistant whose number one goal is GPS GPS is the way it's going down he's analytics and make a waves and you know hydration testing and things like that people are doing the daily little question here as simple as that study that stuff because guys like me want to hire people like that so they don't have to learn it themselves I mean I know I know where I say right and I know what I know it my number one responsibility is when I'm on the floor of our team and I've got two really really good assistance who are in that era of learning correctives learning GPS good that's that's the way you're going to stick out right when there's 20,000 people applying for the same jobs as computer layout and extension