And this series, this is called The So You Think You Can Delive Series. So today we're gonna take Ryan Man... We're going to take Ryan and we're going to teach him how to deadlift from scratch. The deadlift is a very important tool no matter what you're trying to train for, whether it be powerlifting, which is as an actual event, strong man, general fitness, any of those things. The major reason being is every muscle group in your body is utilized when deadlifting. The hamstring arms, especially forearm strength and size, upper back, traps, bomb voids, lats, any muscles connected to the scapula, all of your spinal erectors, glutes and hamstrings. As you can see, we pretty much talked about everything, even including quadriceps. So a lot of your bigger, stronger guys have deadlifts and some form and variation in their programs. Today we're going to go over the conventional deadlift. There is also the sumo deadlift which will get into as well. But I primarily want to use a conventional deadlift because I think it's got a little bit more applyability to general populations and also it's still one of the most popular ways to deadlift even in powerlifting. With that being said, what we're going to do is kind of go over some initial cues. Some of the most important things on the deadlift are to one, always maintain an upright head position. This allows the back to stay straight. Two, you have to keep your back arched. We talked about this and I think you can squat series. It's just as important if not more important in the deadlift because once the back starts to round the mechanics of the lift change drastically and it becomes more of a knee extension exercise while the lower back is in a very precarious position as for as getting hurt and creating much less force. So we talk about the spine arch being, you know, how much is your butt sticking out at the bottom and how much can you hold as you're coming up. As soon as this happens, you're not going to have a whole lot of power. The other thing as well is the stabilizer and muscles that hold your position. The static muscle strength is very important because in general, most people are not built to be world class deadlifters. My self included for me to get to over an 800 pound deadlift took a lot of work above and beyond even what most world class athletes have to do just because of the fact that I'm over six foot tall and I have arms built to bench press. So for me to go down and grab the bar is like a three and a half quarter foot deadlift. With that being said, I learned a lot from the deadlift as far as technical things and muscular weaknesses that help me get that world record squat of 1197. So the deadlift helped the squat but it basically just builds the entire body as a whole. So if you have no deadlift chances are you don't have any back or leg strength or size. With that being said, we're going to go over his technique. We're going to straighten it out and then we're going to watch it break. Besides we did the squats and then we're going to take that technical break as a learning tool and that learning tool is going to be to decide what kind of accessory exercises we do in attack to make sure that heat not only makes positive progress in the lift but also protects himself from injury so he's allowed to be able to lift longer, safer and smarter. So without that being said, we'll coach him through this 135 pound deadlift and get everything perfect and then just take him up to the top and we'll stop and talk about some form breaks that we see along the way and then once we do that we'll take him up to a max until I feel it's unsafe or he can't pick it up and then we should have enough data in order to attack it with all the proper accessory exercises. So the first thing that we're going to do is we're going to set his feet properly. Now foot position on where your feet go on the bar is dictated by upper body size. Okay if you're a big guy you got big core muscles and big pecks and big arms and shoulders it's going to be very hard to set up and not be perfectly put under the bar where the bar is right up against the actual shin here. Most people say you want to choke up to the bar as far as you possibly can. Well if you're a really big guy you're going to have to back that off. My self for example I have to pull with the bar lined up right at my toenails just because I have to be able to create room to sit into the bar and a lot of people don't understand that. So if he comes in too close to the bar he's going to pull against himself. So there's an optimal amount of how close are you to the bar and how far are you waiting to the bar and that's dependent upon how you're a bill. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to watch him pick it up natural I'm not going to coach him and I'll see if I can move his feet in a better position. So since he's not a crazy large guy he's able to get very close to the bar and still maintain a straight up and down bar path. But what I will say is that he almost needs to pull the bar into him closer. So from the side what we'll try to do is we need to try as soon as the bar reaches the ground we need to try to pull the bar into our legs as close as we possibly can to create the most amount of leverage. There's two ways to do this. One you can roll the bar closer to your body or two you can pinch your shoulder blades back farther allowing the bar to come closer into your body. So what we'll do is we'll tweak that. So what I want him to do when he starts is pull his shoulder blades back and together and then pull the bar and the bar should drift right up his leg, especially when it gets to the knee. There's space between the bar and his leg. The farther away you're getting from your midsection the less leverage that you have. So this next one we're going to do we're going to watch him pull it and try to get it up against his legs right off the ground. Much better. So if you saw from the first one to the second one the bar came right into his body and he's able to create more leverage on it. So what we're going to do now is we'll take the bar to 225 and we'll pull a rep there and we'll see if we see anything else that we might need to correct. So we've loaded the bar to 225 where about 50% of his max roughly around that range. You have to go up to close to maximum weights to see technical form changes and breaks. You know going up to max is and seeing bad form is usually an indicator of, you know, this is time to stop or whatever and we will stop once it gets to the point of being slightly dangerous. But you can't see everything that's going on in the body until it goes to maximum. Because I can sit here and tell him how to pull perfectly with 135 and we can get his form dialed in. But he's not going to remember that at 405 455. His body is going to go back to his natural posture and that's where in the later segments we're going to talk about accessory work. If you want to be a good delifer you have to be great in all accessory work especially in your weak points. So this is why we go up so heavy close to his maximum. So we can see and make sure that the progress or the plan that we're going to make for this guy is going to work. So we're going to play up to 25. That's good. That's good. Good. Now what we're seeing here at 225 is we're seeing pretty good form. Obviously it really has not a lot wrong with it. And obviously as we go up we're going to see more things change. The big issue is if you ever look at any world class deliters that I know and it me especially when I'm pulling 135 225 315 400 500 every one of those looks the same speed. So if you're fast they're violent and they're perfect. And those those three things have to be utilized when you're warming up because if you're telling your brain to go slow and easy when you're pulling warm ups it's going to go slow and easy on max and that usually indicates you're not going to delifer in much. So when you're warming up on these types of lists you want to make sure you're trying to pull it max velocity so that brain understands that you need to go as fast as possible because a lot of the delifer if you watch Benedict Magnussen or a lot of the other big pullers Andy Bolton when they grab that bar it's it's you know NASA shuttle time that thing is coming off the ground at 100 miles an hour and you know it may stall and it may get slow but the intent off the floor is maximum explosiveness. So you have to understand that delifer has a lot to do with being fast. So the first thing I would do if I saw him in my gym would be okay that's 225 that's 50% of your max that should move a lot faster. So obviously we're going up to max and we're not working on speed today but those are the types of things I would see another 50 to 100 pounds of his lift would be he's not an explosive guy. So we have to work on explosiveness in order for the lifts to become more heightened at a higher weight so for him if his max is 405455 then if you need to get it to 500 I'm telling him right now that the accessory works going to help but bar speed is going to be a major component in it making sure that that lift increases. So now we're going to go up to 315. Now what we saw with that 315 was the very start of his tailbone starting to turn under his body and his pelvis starting to shift forward. Now that could be two different reasons one we could have a mobility issue which means when we get down to the bar we're not fully comfortable could be a tight hamstring or an enacted group. The other thing it could be is is that his sponally records on the lower part of his his body close to his butt are not staying pinched and super tight because remember sometimes the most comfortable position off of the floor is not the position you want to be in in the middle because if you're just leaning over to grab a bar anyway you can and your spine is not straight up and down or having a nice curve to it as far as your butt sticking out then when you go to pull it's going to fall like an accordion and that's where you're going to get stuck in the middle so a lot of guys will pull off the floor and then as soon as this breaks they wonder why this stick here every time because they should be here to pull through but if you don't have that position off the floor you can't regain it once the bar comes off the ground so the next one we'll go to is 365 move back pull back pull back hips hips hips so what it's all that left was when we first initiated break off the ground the lower back was already at a little bit of a cup it was already a convex bend which is causing the bar as soon as it's picked up to be sucked in out of the back in a bad position whereas if we can hold this position now we get here all I got was push my hips into the bar but if my backs rounded pushing my hips into the bar is very hard if not impossible so by seeing that just that it probably go up one more but just by seeing that I can tell you that we need to work a lot of lower back and we need some mobility work in the bottom end to be comfortable in the proper position so he is strong man so he trains things much higher than this but as we can see the transferability that's fairly low so we're talking off-camera slightly about how to if you develop the four strength for your lower back the upper strength comes so I rarely do pimples I do all my stuff off the four but when I go to pants I can almost always break a record and the reason for that is it's much harder to hold my back position off the floor because I've leaned over than it is off of a pin so we have a lot of guys in powerlifting that are doing a lot of insane amounts of pimples but we don't see their delet rise in a mean and a lot of that's because the pin pole only has minimal transfer unless it's an exact sticking point with the exact same mechanical pressures by meaning you know if you're if you're in a pin you're a fully arch you know you're in this position you know you might be able to pull 150 pounds more than you can develop off the floor the transferability is not very high so what we do when we do pimples is we try to put ourselves in a position that we may be at a super heavy deadlift which is a slight fact ground and then pull from there and it's amazing to see how close it is to your developed off the floor so you don't want to set yourself up in positions where you're doing a lot of pimples and optimal positions but you can't achieve those optimal positions in different angles so what we saw on that last one was now we're really starting to see the back bend instead of that blood being stuck out and having a nice arch in the back the back arch is starting to disappear usually the case of that is the lower back doesn't have enough static strength the maintain position and that the hamstring is not being activated correctly I think one big misconception of the deadlift is a byproduct of delet and correctly is the bar coming off the ground so a deadlift is not in this mindset is not the bar when you go to grab it I do not think about thinking the way up off the ground I think about pushing my hips into the bar so if I think about thinking the bar up off the ground this is what's going to happen my back's going around and my legs are going to try to do all the work and then I'm stuck in this position somewhere in here okay but if I'm thinking about pulling the bar backwards and pushing my hips into the bar the first motion is that my hips are coming into the bar and I'm pulling it backwards that backwards pull allows me to use my hamstrings in my glutes and optimal position and it also keeps the lower back to a minimum so a lot of people in their deadlift think it's almost like a a false image when you're grabbing the bar the byproduct of the exercise is the bar coming off the ground but it shouldn't be what you're thinking of what you should be thinking of is the hips coming into the bar the hips coming into the bar allow you the bar to be pulled backwards and maintain a straighter back so if you talk to a lot of world class deletters are going to tell you the same thing they're trying to pull the bar back while holding on to it which is allowing them to thrust through the bar versus just trying to lift it up off the ground so this is going to be probably close to his max if not miss and we should see all the things that we've been talking about so far come on do this go I'm going to be driving so let's go back come on now hips hips hips all this are good so we failed there and if you look very very close on the video you'll probably see that the first motion when he delifts is the back rounds and then he's trying to find a way to leg extend the exercise so the real key to being a great deleter is learning how to get your hips through and just maintain his solid back that doesn't absorb energy so you want to train your back to be as strong as a piece of rod iron you know like two big three inch pieces of rod iron that when you push on something you don't have any absorption of energy it just locks him to a position and then is able to rotate the weight through the hips but a lot of people's spine are not as strong as their legs so what ends up happening is the back starts to absorb a lot of the pressure because you know that the weight has to transfer from the hand into the back down to your feet and when that happens if your back is not a solid piece of iron you'll have a lot of absorption of power in your upper back which is not very uncommon the upper back muscles are smaller the mechanical leverage of them were much less than the beginning and your legs do everything they move you around all day they get you up and down out of the chair they get you out of bed so in general most people's legs are way more powerful than their backs with that being said if you start learning these big compound movements without creating a big strong back then you're going to have a deficit and that's where your delus become lack of a better term of pain in the ass when you get up to a fairly level amount of strength which could be anywhere between you know at his body weight you know a 500 pound delus is a really good delus and being being that's being said he's going to be able to he's able to get up to 400 pounds but now because his lower middle back is so much weaker than his legs it's caused a limiting factor