We're all going to have those strong, gonna have strong ones, we have weak point ever, be your strong point, 80% of time, I mean I have to provide to you to tell you, yeah, you work real hard, you're going to get there. And the reality is that's not the truth anymore than you're going to get a chance to tell me when you're five, free, or because being offensive lines, if you work out there, the message is real cool, and you do want to work as hard as you can, again, playing the game without anyone getting the things in, wow balance, you can see that it's a best chance, especially if you're in the game, everybody should go there, but if you want to, not being an eye-based, when we feel, I basically perfect and balance and want the nationals in your pro-coct. You can still do a lot, but you have, you may still have a weak point, but you're still progress, still get that, I would form a terrible chance, and I still get a terrible chance, it's what I didn't know was before, but it's not gonna respond as good as I was, unless it's just, it might respond, it's not as good as I was possibly the beginning of my strategy, or the strategy, as it is, so it's for a move out, and anything else will be training or anything that strikes you guys, and I'm glad I mean, I'm excited, yeah, I'm glad she's not going to be really wanting to be the other, I think I'll be the first to be trained and be the second to find you, and help you with this. So, before I take, I'm too worried, I may rest, I may, as you say, I'm always being able to do that. Yeah, my subject, I get me, I'm just gonna be a little closer. Cool. And see those are variables that you have to take in consideration, so that's a good question. It's so individual that you do have to look at those things, and I think you're gonna have a stressful job. Am I, you know, I get competitors or like the partners, way more stressful with me, work on my computer and office at home, every day I need to be able to track. So, all those things have to be taken into consideration, too, as far as whether you're in a recovery weapon, even now, there's something to take, and how efficiently the nutrition is, and it's like that too, and you've been training. How high your body is, how frequently you train. So, I give, this is, this is one of the questions that the answer is more of an opinion than anything else, because it really is a right rise. If you're gonna train, say, say, full body, okay, you can do that, and you can do that three or four times a week, but the volume has to be so low that you're able to recover, you know, from almost from work out to work out. I say that it's better to split up the muscle group so the course will be five days, but then again, you know, the more you split up, you only get a muscle group once a week and get a higher amount of bond, because it's gonna take a while before you come back around, just you've got time to recovery. So, I was gonna have to take any consideration, nervous system, and whether you have that, if you're gonna train six days a week, you're gonna train, you know, chest one day by steps, and that's it, you're still training for six days. So, by the end, I always say this again, 90% of time is always exceptions, but you wanna rest more than you train. So if you train three days a week, any rest for, that's a pretty good balance. Now, people will say, wait, now, now, how far of, you know, further than three days a week, because it seems very basic, but it shouldn't really coach that way, because I'm not a level amateur bodybuilders, you know, professional athlete, that can not only just not only train in your off season, but for both of three days a week, very effectively. But even guys get ready for shows. So, it's harder to get ready for shows, because you're gonna be when you get to the show, and you're diving to lose a lot of body fat, then you do tend to ride a gas, so or so. It is sometimes better to train with less volume for less muscle groups in that session, and then spread it out of the more data. But I say by and by, you should rest more than you. If you have a great capability, pump it to forward, come back to great. But once you start to go for a week, that's a lot of training, and it's not a lot of recovery. My opinion, definitely. No, no, no, no, no. Just picking up on your rest theme, let's say you're working three days a week, and you'll see some questions, really. It is, do you rest more by doing, let's say doing four different kinds of exercises, instead of doing all the reps, 80 reps, you rest, let's say you normally do, let's say 15 or 20 depending on what you're doing, and then you rest for two minutes, and then you go 15, 20, and repeat that four or five times. As opposed to splitting up those exercises, and going a circuit so that you're integrating different exercises, and so that essentially, you're resting one most of the way, the arpex exercises, and you're coming back all along the circuit. Gotcha. That's a different type of reps than what I'm referring to with his question. I say the rest between sets doesn't matter. It doesn't matter in the sense that the work is still being done. And you have two ways to look at it. The longer you rest, the stronger you're going to be, you're going to be as fatigued when you come back to it, hit it again. But at the same time, the other side of it too is the faster you go in the between sets, you may not be as strong, but the intensity will be higher, so which one matters. I didn't even want to answer it, you know. I mean, the reason I say that is because it's anybody's guess. And that's where it comes back to. Let's say you've been doing it one way for a while. We've got this. That's where it comes from. But it's not in life. It's not the last. It's not the only thing you cause you. Anybody who knows DC training or that type of training, I just wrote that today my own goal and not take right now. Let me know if you know just that because it's a cardinal. I mean, that's like a cardinal rule for these training. You have to progress. So with that progression, you're just my question. You're talking about a car and the way down here. If you get two hundred pounds or twelve reps last time, then you've got to come in and you've got to do two 20, which well-craft, so you've got to do two hundred 15 reps. So you get under it. And the only thing that matters is you get more reps so you get more weight. So what are those reps look like? Maybe I was going to make them a little faster. Maybe I'm going to, I mean, when you're only focused on that number and you're only focused on, I've got to move this so many times. A lot of other things get thrown, the efficiency of that set in my opinion is going to be compromised for most people. I might look at it because of a train salon, but okay, I got to beat these numbers. But I've got to work hard to not just increase the speed and bang for even short and arranged motion. There's a lot of ways to get different numbers. So you really have to look at it, you know, okay, is the strength the most important thing. I don't think that it is. I think there are sometimes where I just morning and pay attention to my reps, so I'm easier than sit to stab them and it's especially the calves. You know, something that you just have to destroy to get to grow. You might as well just now count. And you'll be able to say how you train legs. You don't count. You go forward. You go, just all you gotta do to train hip-ro. You get good calves. You gotta not count reps. You gotta go forward each motion. You have to tolerate as much pain as you can. You're feeling tolerate. Shake your calves off at 15, 20 seconds. And you'll let that get in. And then you need to do that for about 10 years because that's how it was going to take into the calves. I laughed. When I saw our training in the 80s, calves matter. And I had chicken legs. I broke my ass to get the calves I did. And my part of the got them, they didn't even matter. Because in the 90s you didn't have to have a medical one. Sir, you could have told me here's a good way to show when the 80s. Not that he was going to win the left there, but he wasn't winning some shows because his calves were so vast. And then you come up with a guy's in the 90s that it's just so painful to get to turn out and it doesn't matter. So I mean, get off on the calf. The point being, it's two different reps. That the circuit training versus, I don't think he's going to go muscle as much. If that's more the question of circuit training type. Well, circuit training to me is using the muscle. And burning more calories because it's kind of more nonstop. That sort of thing is a little bit more. Clearly, it's not just burning body fat. Because glycogen is still the fuel choice. You're still getting on that sort of thing. But it's less of a strength less of a size than you'll be in the future. Now, that doesn't mean you want to get used. You don't get me wrong. If you want to be in great shape, if you want to burn more calories, and so you don't have a lot of time, do extra cartons, part of it. That's a great way to train. It's a great way to train. Especially the right-to-be thinking. I had a day in 75 when he said, well, he had it more and so much for the doctor. Right? That company too. But you can always just, like I said, you've got all the sandals for a week. You can think of it a lot. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. You should be able to see that. I have a roster that I've probably trained. Yeah. There's probably something on the strength. I'm sorry, but I've seen the client see that stuff. And I see the version of the building. You can't assume that it is all that important. You're going to pay a change in rest of this in that. All of that. And the client said that they see it as that. Does that really feel the loss of the water? Does it less than strengthening the water around? Well, cross-finish is talking to the company. Here's the fact that it's getting harder and harder for the average person to look at somebody and decide what they want on the how to train. Because because someone looks a certain way and they train a certain way, doesn't mean that's how to get out there. It's weird because I have bodybuilders. Guys have the pain of the games for years. We're not cross-finish. I have to give them a hard time. But they look great. I mean, in joke, it's kind of funny because they stay we all the time. It's incredible in this time of actually winning. And if they're not winning, you're going to go top for an every competition and do it because it's easier to go from a lot to go with the strength down to them, gain the cardio mask, go the action, jump it, and then it is to go the other way. And be that, skinnier guys has the running and has the cardio. And then you get the strength out. But it is hard because now we're swimming the fish. We've got men's physique. We've got cross-finish. I don't know if it's grown up here. It's grown up in the United States. In a Tiguba. I mean, I look at it. I don't know if I have a smaller race like that. I mean, we have that too. So it is. It's kind of a feeling. You get bodybuilders starting to work those ways in here. You've got to wonder our game for you, which is on my chest. So it's going to be to my hands on my abs. Maybe muscular material a little block here for me now that book. So sometimes it can be a catch there. I think again, it just comes back to do you know where that person that you see and you like to look to know where the king from was the training related to the progress they made. Maybe they're a cross-finish because they look that way. And that training appeals to more and fits how they look. You know, I don't get to come to everything from the other side, but I like to stick to different types of things. I get a basic bodybuilder. I get to know that I'm going to be a cross-finish. I get to know that I'm going to be a cross-finish. I get to know that I'm going to be a cross-finish. I mean, I can think of a score of people who are to be a cross-finish. I'll be a little bit more. And you know, they just seem to do a lot of things. My greatest reason is that I say that they're all just doing better times. What do you do with the king? What do you do with his grand bodybuilders? What do you say? Try to sell these in a real piece of training. I mean, it's a bodybuilder. You're riding a horse and wrestling with it. It doesn't mind the exact weight of some visual shape here. It doesn't mind from his body. It doesn't mind how to be some height. It just won't be the gym. Got to apply to the same weight of the body. Just in the right way. Right, no. They have to go around the wrong way. Yeah. Try every ever way. Every good thing will change. You know, that's a short piece of things here. You know. Well, one of the things of being a trainer, and whether you're interested in your trainer or I around, so you get this that come in and talk to me like, well, Johnny said I heard the other day. Johnny said that he did this. Well, you can pay him. Johnny, if you're working with Johnny, then go talk to Johnny. Yeah. You got to get to Johnny and talk to him. You don't have control. This can be kind of frustrating. You can train. You can't have a listen to him. Like, if you think they're listening to you, but they don't know what to do that. So it is. It can be tough. It can be frustrating. But I don't want to rule it. If you hand them to tools, go build the house. You know, what the hell did you make? Go be somebody on the head. But you're not responsible for that. You know what I mean? You're trying to help them out. I'm trying to get them to build. And you can't do it. You don't know what they're going to do. My client basis roughly 70% outside of the United States. I meet various people. I mean, I work with Scheme forever. And finally, just, saw our face to face last night. I rarely meet the people that I work with. So they think that I have no idea that they've stopped. They've faced with cake and everything else. But that one they come back to them for the week. And they tell me what they have done. It's just right there. It doesn't say that because I've been doing it for so long. I can see. And I have to ask you what the hell? And you've been doing it because this doesn't happen. You're not doing some version of this. I think you're so far away. You just don't know. I'm not going to do it. And part of it is their merits. I get them. Okay. You have to understand. I go over this with training too. Whether you're a veteran or you're something starting out. It's not a game of being perfect. I mean, top. They won't tell you. The top competitor. And I don't tell you. I may have to tell you. Because I don't know. Bill was going through drive through as we turned pro. He couldn't stay out of the McDonald's drive. They're because of this. You know. In a sense, overditing that sort of. And he was wearing the rolls. I mean, the guy was so good. And he was advancing so fast. They wasn't able to really get the discipline right away of the diving and everything else. And what I say is, if you have to turn pro and go through McDonald's. More power to you. How about them for pounders. You think you might not turn pro. But everybody else. Anytime for that reason. You know, because they didn't work in their boat off. They didn't run for a while. And then I do almost everybody getting ready for a show will fall off. And no loser. Do this with it. So it's not about the perfection. It's about consistency. It's when you do fall off. And you don't say lost Tuesday. I'll start next Monday. What if it's a Tuesday? It's a Tuesday. Get back now. Now jump back on. Get back on the plan. And you know. So it really does. It matters. I got this. It's going to get stronger. But again, I mean, in other questions with Trent. Oh, wait. Someone inside of me. Yeah. Well, I think both of you. It's all about what's here. You will already see the comments. We'll see that at the secret rate. And also that's what we did. And I think that's the direction. But that was really not true. Oh, okay. So I'm much forward. Well, first of all, because it's about the finish, you already know how they can submit them down along from muscular standpoint. But is it a weakness from just a muscle stand? I think so. Okay. Yes. Yeah. So if that's the case, then in here's what a lot of people do. They treat ads like I have to do crunches 15 and 20 reps or a young. If that's a weak muscle, you got to get it to grow. So you got to hit it like you would with the same type of idea or ideology of hitting Chester, you got to ask me how you're not not telling you to do 68 reps. Well, I'm telling you this guy would be happy. It's got you got to have resistance. Well, how many's a lot of times is you either born or a real pretty ad. I don't know all the shape grow well or you're not. Now, doesn't mean you can't do anything with it. You can't think it up. But that's a very genetic control is what your waistline looks like. Muscular standpoint. And example is I'm more of a rich and as far as block the ad, you know, I can get super fins in 18s and everything up. But I'm still blocking in my mid-section where someone else may have more of that taper than comes down real pretty. Some small wing sets or if it's, yeah, yeah, exactly versus rich. You're running like a better one. Very blocky. But your invented becomes them from there. It's a body coach. I mean, you can probably get me here. But again, you know, I tell us if people all time what they don't want to get a baby just want to come me and they're like, 106 pounds. That's not as big as anybody. But you're running 6 pounds. You're 5859. And you want to get ripped. You don't have muscle to get ripped. That's like trying to carve a turkey that there's just nothing there. You've got to have meat to carve meat or get detail. That sort of thing. So if it's an issue of death, it's that you just got hit it. And nice and you'll snatch a cover relative to it. So you could probably hit them too. Maybe even three times a week and hit them pretty hard. Not with things. If what your back it is, like it's sit up or something like that. But we did grow crunches. We had a whole kind of machine to have here. Not a big machine that when it comes to abs. If it can save your back, you want to find a couple of solid machines. Train abs. That's fine. Not an anti machine. But at the same time, I think not enough people pick up weight and set it down. And that's just, if there's one thing that has been proven over time, that you're going to get big. If you have to pick up weight and weight down. The machines, you know, they have their plates. You've got to move real weight. I think you've got to move real weight. I think you've got to move real weight. I think you go out. Yeah. And let me start over inwards. I understand you're really an absolute nice. In terms of the new train. That they need one more. That they need to kind of have to be good to join us. So we'll just bring it up. I think that. I touched my shoulder right. But it's like, I've been working support exactly last year. So, you know, when you go to work, when you're going to work, you're going to be working my shoulder. I'm going to work my shoulder. There. But the third part is done. Sure. You're going to have to go back to work. You're going to have to go back to work. So when you said, what? What part is stronger than your back part? Get into work. There's the imbalance. And when you have injuries, a lot of times that's really what it is. And in some way, there's an imbalance somewhere. It's going to manifest it to the end too. You might as an injury, it's the weak. It's going to give some. So first order business really is that you have to wonder or ask yourself, how much work you're doing front press and chest versus backs, specifically high rows and things like that, the middle up or back. A lot of times you can even see when people are, if people sit and they're kind of hunched forward, these muscles are tight and they're pulling everything before. Now, you can have good posture, which you always want to try to show this back. But you catch, you know, it's all just like you got it. You don't control it, you got to think of it now. And you got to wonder how strong your abs are you to. So first order business is just to take a look at your training, your back training, versus your chest training. And most of them know which one of the most guys in the favor. And they go more, you know, they got to put the numbers up, they got a bench. And I'm not a big man. I don't know if you're such a great thing. Because of the good pills. Nothing but injury, it's hard on the front of shoulders. That's not a lot of people truly that you're at. But aside from them, if it's not that, it doesn't necessarily mean that that's the case. That's the first order business. If you're a familiar already, you can know that. The other thing is what exactly the injury is. And not a doctor, and I don't play with other ear, and I'll say that. I always say that, like it's like a joke, but first of all, the question is a show. I am a bodybuilder. I've been around for a long time, who specializes in nutrition, something that's interesting. There is no rehab in there. I don't pretend to be an expert in that area. The only reason, if I leave you come here and say, why got a tornado on the top, I had to be with that for one year. So there's a lot that I had to be with, clients, and a lot of that deal with myself. I'm training so hard that I've made you to relate, but I don't know specific. Like I said, it's a real tinder curve. I can't say, I'm not a real tinder curve. It's just that I get to deal with. And it's all hard for me. I'm not dealing with clients one or one, like you are. I'm dealing with that miles and miles away, and that's why I can do that. Because I'm not. The training advice and consulting that I'm giving is what secondary to nutrition, and something that patients ask for. That would get the training from me. But they're coming to me for nutrition and something to patient. And the gap in space, you know, that means somewhere, you need somewhere else. It allows me to do that. The training, I mean, I tell my clients all the time. I can't diagnose what your situation is, and I'm like over the internet. So I tend to try not to give a whole lot of advice on that, if possible. And me giving you the advice of saying that it's, that you need to bring up the week. But that's more from a bodybuilding perspective than it is. And we have to go to diagnosis for what we have. And I can ask, what is the pain and how is it? It's one side, right? Yeah. Okay. Because it's both. That's the center of the room. Yeah, they're here. What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? Oh, it's been by and you went here playing football when you trained. Yeah, right. Okay. So what are you doing specifically? Okay. What's going to do? I think it's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. Okay. And so here's what I would get in a sound symbol and I don't need it too. But anything that hurts going to be, I mean that's, you know, getting it goes back to people thinking well, but I have to do this because it's a smart and a shoulder pain or a hat to squat because smart and like, don't anything in the shoulder. It's just, if you can work around the work around, especially with a whole tiny little joint life for shoulder, which is nice because I've had torn, to partage forever, torn labor and my shoulder. There are some days where I have to, I can do side by side, but I have to lean into a, an incline bench and still stand up. So you can play with the angle to free side left. A lot of times people can do side out to turn into this. So they're coming back and flipping in a lot of that stress transfer to the front part of the shoulder when we're all beginners from the back of the shoulder. So if you're able to even stay in here and do your side lateral raises out of this way, transfering, you're still working side down. But it's actually moving at stress to the back part of the side down. Instead of the front part of side down, not only when you see shoulders improved, to make it wrong pain and crumbling because with that multi-ingle joint, you've got pain and irritation for it's rotate and comfortable. So, I just, I call that anything I just told God, but I just heard it's over in space, because you used it so much. And then you ask him, what was my last time you could do it? I don't know maybe what I was doing, I was trying to all the time. Yeah, that's real hard for him, but sometimes need to take that time because it's just nature body. If you get to the point where you've got to put weights in the knees, if you get a day's tempo, they seem to don't leave you. It can make all the difference in the world come back in the least. I like to say my joints are all the time, except that first week when I come back after a painting, we have to feel it being well. And then it's back to second week with the same old bread. And every day I heard it's again. I mean, you really go with that, you just play with that thing a little bit. I was thinking maybe you would say that it was a press behind you and that, or something, or some sort of bottom of the can, or a little bit. You know, like, a lot of interest behind you, but that's a personal one. It's not only that you can go to the find and then you've ever been. The next time you go to go to the box on a shelf, if you do it this way, then you go back to your present behind you. Thank you so much, staffs. Or a topic. If you're going to pull yourself up, if you go to something, if you're going to pull it up behind you and that, if you do it with a lap phone, if you do it with a lap phone, if you do it with a lap phone, if you have point things like natural movement. So, yeah, I don't have to be human to me. I'm sitting there, you guys, drink, add up to them, break for a minute, and I can talk forever. I can keep going. I can't listen. I mean, if you guys want to break for a few minutes, keep going. I don't know. I've got some more to go. Do you think you go on here, you know? The operation. Hey, how keep that? This one's actually easy. Cardio. It's a giant waste of time. And that's not a waste of time. It's going to be a ghost here to get me. But it's incredibly boring. You go and go where maybe you get it. Maybe you can drink, I don't even call it a rattle. So, I do like, just outside of Denver and Montes. So, for me to go outside, I have a lot of things to do with this. But I'm not enjoying Cardio. I don't know about you, Cardio, just playing the side. So, my advice is with Cardio. Even if it doesn't suck, you just love Cardio. And you really like it because you're just going off. That's all. That's all. That's all. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my God. That's all. Yeah, I've got one and I'm trying to get it. Even if you do like it, you know, we have so much time and day. You got, you know, so you've got jobs, you got kids and stuff. You could probably grab it with doing it. So again, it comes back to efficiency. You know, use that word a lot with training, efficiency. You don't want to be doing anything to wasting time. Cardio is the same way. And my last thing, Cardio, very, very simple. Use of this at all to keep your metabolism running high. You're working on your body, burning more calories. But don't let your body rewind on. If you don't compete, you know some who has or who's lost a ton of weight. And they are doing two hours a party with a, and they're dying. And they're probably not getting any further in two hours a day. It's a word even with one hour a day. If that's on the floor, they're discussion against efficiency. Put the cardio in, take it out. You've heard of cards like the calorie side time. Your body will adapt. If you need the same amount of calories and, you know, cards, things like that. Your body will adapt the same amount of cardio as well. So you got to kind of get off now. It's mind-pied. If you're saying, what do you mean, how would I know when to put it, take it out? You need to keep the cardio set for how many of the sessions that we, but if you're progressing well that week and your weight is falling. If you want to, then cut a couple of sessions out of the end of the week. You're not going to all of the sudden, stop burning fat or stop losing weight. It's an insensitive type thing. I'd have people when, you know, especially during the show, cardio sometimes seven to ten days out in the free workout diet. Still, I have body mass, I believe, how to do this like that. You know, you don't just stop burning body fat today, but you just have to be really cardio.