Mark Walsh truck, Kimmelano, EADFDS.com. We're going to talk about today a couple of mechanical drop sets for the bench press. So we talked about the 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 board press. And now we're going to talk about using the Swiss press bar as a way to use different grips and really increase the advantage throughout the set as fatigue sets in. With the group of athletes, the benefits of this is obviously there's not going to be a lot of change you can weight in between sets because of the difficulty is decreased as the set goes on. And also a lot of the athletes, if you're doing these for high-purchary work, you can get a lot of work sets in a minimal amount of time. So the way we'll do this is you can either have the athletes do a set where they have a rep cap so again every grip they're going to do a certain amount of rep. For today, Chuss is going to do, we don't have a lot of weight on just for demonstration purposes and we're just going to use three reps at a time. Normally you might want to use whatever it might be up to 10. The one thing I would avoid is that if you're going all out on every single set with the rest intervals, even if you have it up to 10, 20, 30 seconds, what happens is you get probably a lot of double-digit reps on the first set, 14 reps on the first set and maybe 3 than 2 than 2 a lot of times, even if you have some higher athletes with higher work capacity. So one thing to do is just maybe cap those reps and you can always work your way back down or out another set. So the first grip we're going to do is we're going to do the inside grip as a reverse grip. This will be the most difficult of all and then what's going to happen is again the athletes are going to go ahead and just press. And with this again, obviously we're working our way from the inside all the way to the outside. If you have some of those that are going to be a little bit athletes that have maybe you want to skip somebody's grips depending on who you're working with. So now the athletes are going to turn the Swiss power around again. So from here now the athlete has the same grip but now obviously it hits his hands are going to be in a different position. They're not going to be super ready they're going to be pronated. So he's going to go ahead and do the next set. So again it's going to be basically a closed grip and again that inside grip can kind of alleviate some pressure on the wrist. So now it will rack it up. And then from there now we'll work our way out like I said before if you have certain grips you want to move. You want to skip a whatnot or if you want to stop you can. So again now we're going to go to the neutral grip. This is a grip if we have an athlete that's working any kind of max effort type work or a certain max effort type work that first neutral grip with the thicker handles that's the one we prefer to use some of our max effort work. So again it's the most advantageous position of my opinion to bruise enough force. So again now the athlete is working his way out. So again these rest might be anywhere between 5 to 10. The rest of it will maybe 5 seconds, 10 seconds, whatnot but as you can see obviously as the grip gets wider the mechanical advantage increases and then the athlete can get more work without after get off the bench at all. So you get a lot of athletes get that work done in middle amount of time and high intensity set and they get them out. So again so those are the grips if we want to do that last could be can you go work your way back in. It's just basically up to you. So you have a little bit of variety using that Swiss press bar for a mechanical drop set really good for high purge for work and in group setting and a team setting.