I always say like abs aren't really impressive unless you're in the 250 range because to me like crackheads have abs, like homeless people have abs. My 10 year-old brother had awesome abs when he was telling me that these are not people that inspire me. I had, well I was like maybe 11 years old and I had a whole cog in weights up. The American hero won and there were four sand. I mean I would do on a regular basis I would do bench press probably every day, shoulder press every day, I did wrestling in middle school, I'd be getting high school. The first program I ever did training where I actually made time so it was actual program was when I went to a sort of a correctional school and there was the only thing that had really was a power lifting type training. There was no wrestling, there was no sports, there was any real stuff and power lifting. So it was a teacher who was a teacher coach taught me who he did power lifting and he taught me how to like set up and do bench press and squat and all that and that stuck with me for my whole life. Obviously it's become my career. I did my first power lifting competition on 16. It was like a year you rose like a high school type deal. I've got bench 300 pounds and maybe two years later before graduate at bench 400 pounds. I kind of progressed from there and got into bodybuilding and I did really well bodybuilding. You know we got to national level relatively quickly. I had an endorsement contract with a supplement company and made a career out of it right away. From bodybuilding I thought bodybuilding was the next logical step from power lifting but it turned out that my power lifting was where I really belonged. All I never really fit in is a bodybuilder. I wanted to lift heavy ass weights man. That was the only thing that made me feel alive was getting underweds that were scary. I always have pushed the limit of what was okay to do and what wasn't you know. How can it work for both of them? It's logical and it's progressive. It's scalable. Okay that's how. I have like you know I talk about this all the time with a lot of different people like you know what can something work for beginners and also work for people that are advanced. Absolutely. I mean I'm not the best looking in the world but I'm definitely a vass I'm a lead you know I compete at the biggest mates that are you know that's I only will do this mates you know that's because that's why I'm a challenge myself to the highest judging standards. So you know that's one side of the coin. I also have people that are I've been lifting for six months you know and what do you do with beginners is a question I get a lot like what you know do you have do they have to train differently yeah yeah but the way that my stuff has set up it works for beginners and it makes beginners into intermediate and then immediate into experts and experts and the better experts you know in the masterful lifters you know what I mean. I guess it has all the component addresses all the components all the needs you know a lot of time one of the bar a lot of repetition yes has that you know intense work yes has that and working with a percentage scheme a lot of people want a fan of using percentages for beginners and I don't understand why and I have them where they'll do the percentage stuff will work with the max for them and figure out what it max is off of a ret max okay and I'll just run it because they're beginners I don't worry about doing a five cycle deal because I'm there working with them you know if I'm working with them a person it's easier that way because I can if I see a problem I can fix it but I won't recommend generally that someone just run it and keep going forever but adding five a week but they'll add five a week and pretty soon they're working with their max for fish set they're working with that week before we've even taken another max you know I mean so like where you know someone who might have a 200 pound max we start with 80% and they're I just learn rolling they're working with 200 pounds eventually for a set to two and then then all outside you know they're hitting their their max for reps so it does work for beginners in that way if you can get people when they're young and get them there quickly while they're still healthy skies dilemma you know I think we're gonna see a lot of bigger numbers like it says always say if you want to work I'll do anything I can't help you know somebody wants to work we're gonna work they're gonna come like they're gonna actually make effort and come I used to drive three hours fucking three times a week to train with people just to listen to them to watch what they did you can't come two hours to learn from three of the best people at this in the summer like you don't really want it you know the people that are good are good because they wanted it you know that's that's the way it works you gotta go after that shit you know