Mark Watts, dirt donor, leadfds.com. Today we're going to go over our military press 101, just a basic overhead press progression that we like to use with athletes and it'll just basically go through four different phases of the progression to reinforce some good habits. So any time we get a large group of athletes and we want to do some overhead pressing, we will start off with a behind the neck press. Now this is probably the only time we ever incorporate this while we use some light weight because again we don't want to put the shoulders in a precarious position. So the one reason why we like to do this behind the neck first is because the ball will actually travel in a straight line. So a couple of things we do this when we press the ball up overhead. The one thing we want to do is we want to go from a top down progression so the top really we want to do is make sure again we're going to basically push those hands so I'm trying to break the ball out. I'm trying to push my biceps forward. The other thing that does is add a stability component to that top of the left. It'd be no different than if I'm going to press and I'm going to tuck my elbows and I'm going to go flare at the top. Same thing with the overhead press. I'm going to go ahead and flare those elbows at the top with the elbow foot. I have a little instability. You can test that with your athletes by standing over and pushing down on their fists. If I get those biceps forward it's going to add a little stability with that. So that's the first phase of that progression. So the next one is going to be if we go in front. With in front there's a couple things we have to make sure we're looking at. I want to make sure that my elbows are directly underneath these two fingers. You may have to adjust that depending on the athlete but for the most part that will keep your athletes form in a pretty good line either straight up and down or slightly out. The other component you have to do is again we're going to have with our upper back trying to keep our upper back tight. One thing we'll have to do is to get our athletes to push their elbows forward. Now for some athletes with females or athletes of a lighter structure they'll be able to get those elbows real far forward and still have their hands on their collarbone. Their hands attached to the ball and on their collarbone. The thing is with that the one thing to help with that is make sure again push the elbows forward but make sure again they're pushing the elbows forward and down. That way they won't have that over extension and almost like a Olympic sputcher or push press. One thing about this movement is that again Derek's face is in the way when he presses. It's almost like a good cue to use is you're going to open the window and look through. You're still finishing to the same point. Should be right above the skull, right above that top point, right above the spine. Again, elbows forward again I'll have a slight lean back if I'm doing a strict press. As I press the weight up and I'll end up finishing with a slight lean forward. That's one thing to look at. Make sure the elbows are forward and then make sure again you're in a straight line straight up and down. This form should be pointed where you want the force to go. Third thing is going to be just a basic back to behind the head and we will do a push press with this. With the push press with this it's how we initiate it first and again the same reason we want to start behind the head because the ball goes in a straight line. One less thing to think about. Slight bend in the knees so we'll have a little soft knees or a feet about hip width and again we want to initiate the movement with the dip. So what we call dip-driven stabilize. That's just kind of a diddy that we use. If the dip we want to make sure lift the toes with the knees. So point your toes straight up in the air almost like you're trying to push them through the top of your shoes. That'll make sure that don't ensure that your weight is distributed on your heels. So now when I dip down instead of dipping down my knees forward I'm going to dip down push notes his slightly back. In a little change for a lipic lips or whatnot but this for a basic progression that's what we want to do. Point those toes up. Dip, drive, and stabilize. Again, for behind the neck. And using those hips to initiate that movement that bar doesn't come off the shoulders and to those hips are extended. And we're staying five footed just for this push press progression. The next one is going to be now we'll go to the front and this will be our push press. Same set up as a military press now and again we're just going to do the same thing. Again, Derek's flexibility is going to be a little bit different than some of your athletes. But again, same initial movement. Lift the toes. Dip, drive, stabilize. Same thing. Open the window. Look through. Finish at the top. Those elbows forward and down to start with, drive those elbows out at the top. And again, for a push, for a push jerk or a split jerk and might change. But that's a pretty good progression to use if you have a large group of athletes trying to keep them safe and incorporate and overhead press into your program. So again, feel free to comment and exercise in next. If you have any ideas or any other questions and again, join us next time.