This is day eight, elitefts.com. I was asked to put this video together to explain what our powerlifting experience is. The powerlifting experience is going to be held on August 16th here at the elitefts compound weight room and to sum up what this experience is is something that I'll just put it this way. It's something you're not going to learn anywhere else. Flat out. That's simple. The experience is going to be similar to a meat so you could think of it as a mock meat for a beginner all the way to the advanced. We're going to have three groups set up, beginner, intermediate, and advanced. We're going to run the groups through like this was a powerlifting meat. We're going to have a rules clinic so everybody knows what the rules are. We're going to teach everybody how to effectively warm up. Warm ups are critical. Warm ups are an area that most people screw up when it comes to the day of the meat. That's beginner all the way through advanced. We're going to teach the technical aspects of the lifts from beginner all the way to advanced. The beginners we're going to have our team members here. We're going to have our team members here for every group. We have team members that specialize in working with beginners who are trying to get ready for their first meat so they work every single day with novice lifters to prepare them for their first meat. At the same time at the advanced levels we're going to have coaches here that work every single day working with advanced and pro lifters to get ready for the pro meats or meats like the WPC worlds coming up in November. On one end of the spectrum we're going to have coaches teaching you how to dial in your technique with the finer details that a pro lifter may be overlooking or not see because their training partners are not seeing it because they need just another set of eyes or they don't know how to dial their gear in. On the lower end the novice then we're going to have people teaching how to hit death what propper depth is body position technique things that can make profound differences and how much you're going to lift on the platform technique alone for beginner can add 50 pounds on a lift to can add that much to an advanced guy. Dile and technique are dilining your gear can add even more if you're in advanced guy and you have no clue what you're doing. So we got lifters and team members here to fill every spot of the spectrum when it comes to the coaching aspect. When the environment aspect there's no greater environment than what we have here and they'll lead FTS compound. You've seen it in the videos, you've seen it in the underground strength sessions that we film and those that have come to the seminars in the past have seen what we have and what we have to offer. My name is Dave Tate from Elite FTS this is Blaine. Blaine come say hello. I love and that was Blaine he's going to go right his bike now. He's not! What? Alright where did I leave off before that? Breathe in a rupture. That's a lead FTS. Expect the unexpected when you're out here training you never know what's going to happen. Could be a kid, could be a rat can, who knows what it's going to be but we still get the work done. Still get the job done, still get the video done and if the seminar you're going to get the weights lifted. Where I leave off equipment we're going to have the best equipment bar none that you've ever lifted with. Elite FTS is known for manufacturing the best power lifting equipment on the planet. So on we know in two, three, four, four, four monoliths will have five at the time six competition benches. You're going to be lifting with the best benches the best monoliths. We're going to have squats stands for those that don't want to use the monolith and want to be able to walk it out. We're going to have brand new bars, calibrated plates. We got a leko calibrated plates, both pounds and kilograms. Whatever you guys want to use that's what we're going to use. So when you wrap it all up we're going to have the best equipment, the best atmosphere, the best coaching. We're going to have fun. We're going to have a great time. You're going to walk away, know more about the sport of power lifting if you never power lifted before. You're going to know what it takes to get into your first competition, how to succeed in your competition. If you're a veteran power lift or you're going to know exactly what you need to do to get that extra 50 pounds or to put simply just put your numbers together. How many power lifters out there who have been around? If you just added your three best lifts together, how many of you does that exceed what your best total is? We're going to teach you how to make that happen on the platform. That's what the power lifting experience is about and we look forward to seeing you here.