All right, this date here with that Cohen and Steve Goggins. I'm not going to make this interview the same boring stuff that you guys are doing. You never do. That's true. I don't know. What hit me and why I wanted to try to do this together if I could a few weeks ago Bob Wall stopped out and I think when you first meet was lifting an against 10. Yes, so you're post. Yes, so you're post. And as he stopped out, we were talking about training a little bit. Mrs. getting back to the yellow single days for you. Yeah, this was a pretty simple. Yeah, he had the middle. So forth. You got both there in the mid-eighties. And he told me the basic layout of the training we've been stormed on my day. We swatted on Tuesday. We did light bench on Thursday and then we pulled on Friday. And it seemed like at that time looking at how everybody else trained, we were at me. I was on teenager and you guys were more advanced at the time. Actually, not that much older. I just saw. No. Yeah. But anyhow, it seemed to the window. Everybody was coming out of that straightforward, linear periodization where it was, here's at 65, 70, 75. That everybody was following for a long. It seemed like we hit a break around that time period where it was still focused on five and three. So we've been singles. And we start training, at least I would start training with five. We start training maybe 12. It depends on what kind of shape we are in. We are in Pizport, shape of 16, we are in good shape. Yeah, they're getting shape to get in shape. Yeah. And then we do a couple weeks of eights, which always sucked. Yeah. And then we put on the speed of breeze, which we're not the more than, yeah. I don't know what that was like, tight underwear. Exactly. You manage, you know. And then we start doing five, but it's like each week, it would be two sets of five. And the first one was like a feeler set to see where you should be. And you knew me and that far out that five should be moderate. Should be hard. And it was like, it went from being, it was still a linear periodization model. There was no doubt about it. And you knew that the last, for me, the last four, the last two weeks are going to be singles, but they weren't going to be heavy. Yeah, we can't even blow your rod in the gym. Yeah, I mean, it would open to be the most. And then there was like three or four weeks of triples before that. And then the fives. Is that kind of what was going on with your guys training at the time as well? Yeah, it was like 10, 8, 5 triples, a couple doubles. I never really did singles in training. But yeah, it's the same pretty much the same thing. My, I would go up and hit maybe every single of my singles would never be, you know, 95, 100%. It just be a heavy single every week. And then I would drop down and do down set. Because I'd always had trouble doing reps. I just didn't stay together with my awful form. So if it was, well, it was down the first one. I'd like to go up and hit every single and then drop back. And then do reps and we down. I always found better than I just felt better doing it that way. And I would just keep creeping each week. So even 10, 12 weeks after working on two, not super heavy single, but I see that's heavy enough to feel where you're at. Right. So I would always raise your thighs on how that single felt. Yeah, if I wanted to squat 9, some 9, 50 in this angle, I'm going to start with first week. Maybe go up to like a 7, 40 single, go back down hit like a, you know, jump each week. You're jumping, jumping, jumping. It is always felt better to, you know, to hit it like that. I just wasn't, I was a mindset of whatever, but my form, especially in squat, it wouldn't let me, you know, start out and set the fire. So I tried that. It just didn't work for me. It didn't work. So I was, when you did drop down, was it just triples then? Triples? I kind of do a couple of down sets, triples. Sometime a lighter set of fire, I'm not going to do that, because I always feel like it. I'd be just crazy. And even though I take time warming up, going up, I take 20 and 1 of sets. I never really felt good as I would drop back down. I don't know about it. Each week, you got better. You can't believe it. I'm going to keep a wave in it, up and down. Shake your head and beat that. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Yep. It's right. It'd be awesome. So how long is stay with the tens? I mean, the tens were, let's forget that as a condition. How long did you know to stay with the eights that then to move into the fires? When did you know it was time to move into it or was it just program then? It was programmed. I would only do this many weeks, the eights are this many weeks, the fives. And go right to whatever the next one is, triples or doubles or whatever. I always had it set. I always had it mapped out well enough in advance of this is what I know I'm going to do at the meat and the only way to get there is to hit these numbers all the way. Just because I felt good, I didn't vary from the routine at all. So you backtracked in time to see this. Yeah. Now when you guys picked what that number was, I think this is where a lot of guys screw up and try to use the same type of even those two methodologies. How did you determine what that number was going to be? What my next number would be? For the meat. Yeah. Well, if I did 970 and 1 me and I knew that I could do a thousand. That it would be mapped out with my offseason program, am I in season program? But it would never go from like, you know, nowadays guys, you know, squat 800 and things are going to do 900 at the next meat and that's where they fuck up. Yeah. They don't take their time. So you weren't basing it on 970 your base and I wonder, you really think was left on the fly. Yeah. Yeah. There was nothing left on the fly form. Then it would, okay, I want to do, you know, 985 and the next one. Yeah. Would that dress leave you cut down or else you move up another way class. Exactly. It wasn't, it couldn't make the extreme jumps. It had to be a, you know, work that how you worked your back as well. Yeah, exactly. I mean, I would do some 10 to nates for a couple of weeks before this cycle would start. Yeah. You know, just a couple of weeks and boom. That's out of there. But I'm talking as far as facing your number on what you wanted to do at the next meat. No, I'd put like maybe 315, 345 or something. You know, just trying to get a little bit of that big condition enough. You have never percentage of what. Well, not conditioning what you were going to live. So say you swatted 950 and that and a meat. Right. You, going to put things behind you? Mm-hmm. Well, I. Yeah. Every day that has been destroyed, 11half. I've decided to open up 30 beforeอกing with 10, right? Well. And because every day it's going to be destroyed 25 cents. National defense last year was also really difficult. So yeah, in the beginning, I had joined my team and also got some other and more things to do to improve physical safety. In fact, I met sam mon cranky, I don't know me doing folders. I don't know. An entire family already like a lot of things, right on. Tell me about it. I've already been making it such a thing, I feel that every day would be students by my way or maybe but every week I want this. Is that the one I find the same? I would say it's up there. I mean, maybe I might not retrieve it, but I'd get close to it. So maybe, you know, 980, 990? Think of, I mean, I always wanted to break it the hours, and so that always be the, you know, yeah, I'm a shoot for it. And after that, it would just everything over that, which is great, because it's good wherever we can. Exactly. So it was all doable. Yeah, I think at a certain point when you get up to a certain amount of weight, a lot of times you're not going to get that much stronger, but you're going to perfecter technique or your peaking. Right. So that's going to change just a little bit to change the number on the platform. How much rest you need or how you feel that day, you got to get the most out of it. Yeah. You know, a lot of few other things, I mean, you know, you got, you got, you got to, you got to, you know, make sure you try to get everything exactly right. You know, don't be sick. You know, I don't have anything happening. And then, you know, those 15, 20, 30 pounds. Be honest with yourself. That's the hardest thing. Exactly. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Be honest. Where am I really, really weak at? What the hell am I doing this exercise when I'm so strong and up, and I'm weak is how on this one. Exactly. And the, the other thing that I tell a lot of the sponsors, and then older sponsors, not like the younger ones are what I'm going to do with different breed young ones, which is starting to get strong. Right. Get away with a lot more is, like, Brian and Carol, some of those guys. Your goal isn't at this point so much as you said, it's not really getting stronger. You know, you, you, you're already capable. So he's already capable of told him 20, 800 pounds. Yeah. But he's only done. I don't know. Yeah. I got to be really healthy to do this. Let's focus on just not getting hurt right? Well, weeks. Then you know what you could do. Yep. Going healthy. And then, because that's the hardest thing I see for most guys, and the bigger means, this has been my whole time to sport. The guy who wins sometimes isn't the strongest guy. He's the guy who's not going to jack up back and then screw it up hit. Yeah. Yep. Everything else. I think it comes back to the realistic projections. You got to. You can work through that way. Now when you work in the off season back when I was training with him, three or four weeks after, immediately, I didn't know. Well, I didn't go into gyms. Did you guys do the same after the meet? You mean, right after the meet? Unless there was another meet coming, but I mean, say right after the world, the right after the biggest meet, what did you just take time off, or did you get right back in the gym? I know that part of what I didn't get into that amount. No, I took a week off. One time I tried to take three weeks off and it felt like I never lifted away. Exactly. But I would go into my off season mode, where am I weak and go to my, you know, the exercises that I was horrible on and changed it up. How was the main lifts? How were they trained at that off season? So you're 16, you're greater than 16 weeks out from me. Say you're 20 weeks out from me, 20 to 16. What is the focus on the squat bands you did at that point in time? I would be raw and doing more, like, I would do a variation of all the lifts that I was weak at. Like, I always had, I always had, you know, hips in a strong back, so I had changed it up and do high bar, close stance, close to, hit my quasi-low harder and do a whole cycle. It's just stiff like dead lifts off a block and more inclines and close grip benches and stay away from the stuff I was good at. You see, you stand away from the main? That's exactly how you hit the exact same thing. Because I do high bar squats because I sucked at them. A lot of off the block, a lot of stuff that would, you know, try to work on my speed off the floor, you know, the same thing on the bench. I mean, exactly, I was hitting on the hit. That's exactly what you do. I mean, I would always have to meet with on a Saturday, whatever. I'd come in the next Friday. I don't know what I do. Yeah, we didn't know anything about all the little specialty moves now with the boards and bands and chains and stuff like that. So we just kind of went back to old school, botting building, building, exercise, stuff that we're a week at that would do some of the same stuff. Well, my bench was, it is strong. I mean, how I always do dumbbells like every, I mean, I'll be my second exercise every time. That was the same thing that I did when I was younger and not very more muscle. Right. More than so than in my later years. But I didn't specialize in what you guys were just keeping that focus. And we point. Yeah. Mine was just like straight body building. I was like, be huge. Yeah, so it became harder, you know, when you went into that next track, because I would always start that training cycle as well. We sound the first three weeks you think, and man, I'm like, you're going to do this sucks. Yeah, this sucks. It isn't terrible. And you're in your hope that you can catch up to your percent. And that's where, you know, I wrote the four long time ago at the laying of your periodization, people screw up because they go at least upon the false perception of what they can do. Right. So, and that's okay when you're doing 50%, 60%. You can beat five temperatures. Yeah, you can get away with it. Yeah, yeah. You can get up, eat five percent. It's not fun. No, no, they're supposed to do five, and they do a triple. Yeah, I don't know why I missed. Your routine doesn't work for me. I missed all the sudden. Let's get you set your fucking max. You know, 50 pounds heavier than it should be. Exactly. Exactly. Now, how did you bring in? And there wasn't those of the gears of different issues. But we had the the breeze and the soup and the grass. Did you cycle that into the program throughout the weeks? Yeah. Yeah. How did you do that? Basically, I mean, I would probably go with, I would put my gear on probably, I mean, I was, I was, I was, I was seasoned. I didn't use it in gear. So, if I had six, seven, eight weeks, ten weeks, you know, it was no gear you use. But the moment I knew, I wanted to start training for me 12 weeks up, I'd put the soup down and then have the soup down. That's right. Yeah, I always felt better doing that. You know, I always started that way. And the straps would never go up until the last few weeks, three, yeah. So, I think I remember reading this stuff. You would go as long as they could. I think. Yeah. My off season would just mesh into my on season, you know, in season training for it. Get ready for a meeting. Yeah. I'd start off with the wraps and a belt and then slowly put the bottoms on, and then put the straps up at the end just to get used to them. So, how many weeks you think you were full gear? Four gear, not even. I mean, I'd have the bottoms on in the, in knee wraps and a belt, but I wouldn't put the straps up just to get used to them the less. Single in the meat, this, you know, opener to take. Why not use my straps? Because I'd such a linear and stuff in this squad. So, I'd use my straps. The back further when the gear wasn't, you know, I'm saying. When you really, I mean, even with the, in the military, now I'd use it, I mean, I use the Z suit in. I mean, I would, you know, I had my straps. If it's still in the last three, four weeks and I want, you know, put some, come hit in singles. So, my thing is singles. So, I need my straps up. Yeah. I'm in my 80s straps, hit me like, thank you for letting me. Put them up yourself. So, I always would only put them on for maybe kind of like, like, like, like, a week or two, because the shit stretched out. Right. Yeah. It's not the same as what it used to be. And then you, a lot of times, you go to the meat, what you wear in the meat, it's not the same thing that you train them. No. Because you're training suit, you know, that how that work. I mean, that you'd go for me, it would be your training suit, your training suit, then you go and you put the new suit on it. The meat, sometimes it could be too. You know, you got the opener, I wanted it. Just in case one. Yeah, then your next training cycle was your last meat suit. And you would have to run the same one. You wore the same one. I'd have patches on it and stuff like that. Is there any cycle? Yeah. At the time, I was born in Spaniards, and he was too. And so, I would call it ends up, because I'm, I was spoiled. Whatever, I would use it. I mean, to give me a new suit, I would get it. I would get over suits. And as I would always, you're ready. So, my own get stretched out, I put another one on. He would always tell me. And I can, he won't ever, he stands with that guy. Same old suit. I can't see the patch it up. I don't know. I didn't even know that. And stuff like that. I would tell me that it's all in fact. It's not broken. It's not changing. It's still working. He wanted the same suit. Yeah. He's sitting back to suit every time. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. You're too, so, yeah, you're not. Yeah, I'm like, whatever, yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. But exactly, too. When I get, after me, that, it'd be cut off. I mean, I guess I was being spoiled, but I mean, I was, hey, he was going to sponsor me and do it. Yeah, he used to do it. That's what he can do. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, it was a different obviously. Yeah, you could stand and keep it on. It would, it would, it would hurt. It would hurt. Yeah, it would, it would, it would, yeah, some of the old France suit. Yeah. You take off and you'd have a bloody mark. It would just rip the skin right off. Yeah. You're trying to marathon once, remember those things? Yeah. Oh, yeah. That's the first one I'd ever. Yeah. Painful. They'd lock around your legs. Yep. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just to try to get a mine. No suits will perspact then. Yeah. 40 minutes. Just try to get your suit. Yeah. Yeah. I couldn't got those though. They wouldn't give me a more. I just give that off myself. Yeah. They wouldn't give me another one. Look at what's like, you know, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Yeah. Yeah. That's how I pretty much did my training, too. No, what about the ben shirt? Because it's, I mean, that came. That wasn't even around really when I started any, it might have been any pretty bad. It's not. I didn't know about it. I remember. No, I don't think it was. I remember ordering the first one I ordered. I got all messed up. That sent my jacked up measurements and that's what this doesn't be shit. You know, how did you bring that in? Because that was a different animal back then. Yeah. I'm also a pain in the ass because it's like, hurry. Three people are played on. And you're still in getting anything out of it that much. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, even bother really training with it at all. Because it's not really. You, you, you, you just try to get used to it. Yeah. That's, that's all it was thinking that it would really help you out. But it never really did anything. I know. I can't brought my head in because my, I guess I would have, back then, that's sure it was kind of. I mean, it was just, it was cutting. It was painful. It just, or you put, when it got tied, it early on. Even the, you know, the, you know, the, the, the HPHD, that lose one day even cut. And it just felt like shit. And so I just brought it in at the very end because my elbows always be like jacked up. So I didn't want to, you know, that's quite heavy. It would be, you know, right at the very end, I put it on. It's worked like that. There's a lot easier to get used to. There's less learning curve. Yeah. When you get like 20, 20 pounds, that would put me to arms. Yeah, if you got an arm, but yeah, it, it, it, it, it, all, dug in your chest. I think 20, maybe 30 pounds, maybe, maybe, maybe, it's been, I remember, Jay, I know, Jay, I'm like, this is when I was at West Side. And it was, you know, now we are in a double five, right? Yeah. And he was telling us, man, if you're not getting 80 pounds of shit, you're going to get shit on the heat. That's on. That's on. That's huge. Yeah, that's like 20. How to get an 80 pounds? Now, how do you get it? I never messed up. Yeah, you did, doing something wrong. Yeah. I never, we never, we never, we don't want to be never messed up. Sure. Now, as far as, um, if you both pulled real well, when we're in your accessory, what do you, where were your best accessories that you used to develop before? Stiff lays in Benl Veros. Everybody know about mine, but it was a record, as well, always, but it's not a record. It's a, it made, it made my daughter so much better. Yeah. And top-end pool. I think that I made a post there, like, straight when you're training the video to the day. Of you actually doing the record. Right. Because, ever, that's the first video I've seen somebody actually do a right beyond it. Right. Most people just do it like a leg grass. You know, in the video. It was screwed all the way up under it. You know, it's a hinge. I mean, the whole thing was a hinge. And you're going to do a high-draft bowl. Right. What I see is people pulling for egos, not technique. Right. And yours is a program that perfect hinge that people need to look for as harder. To do, um, with the accessories, now you're rackles. I know how they are going to be the singles and the triple to the, the double you had me. Right. How did you bring and cycle your accessories throughout the ten to eight spines? I did the same raps. Exactly. Yeah. I did the same thing. So everything moved out. Mm-hmm. And I did that with, in the bench with all my stuff with close grips and in clients. And in the squad, I did it with pause squats or whatever else I was doing. I did the same thing. Oh, it's nice. I seem to be the question everybody had was, you know, we know how to cycle the main list. What do you do with your accessories? Yeah. I was like, you know, if, like for stiff legs or bent rows, it would be like, well, if this part of my lift and a regular deadlift got so strong. And these muscles got strong. I don't bring the other ones up, not just a look pretty, but the B strong, I'm going to have the same problem. Yeah. So you saw a direct correlation between those, you know, the most in your straight. Exactly. You know, it was, you know, as like, any care of where you're as well. So if you're bent row, stiff leg was down, you knew something. Yeah, something was, wasn't going to be, yeah, was going to be off on the end with my squat and deadlift. Which is why you didn't have to test it all. Right. And it's like that as well. That you knew that they were off just a little bit that you didn't have to test your full. Oh, yeah. I mean, yeah, you could tell. I mean, sometimes it was hard to really get all you pull out of it at the gym. You do more, I could do more of it. Yeah, sometimes. You know, it depends. But I would always start, I guess I'm, I mean, it's like, what's sometimes, I would be 12, 15 weeks out. Because I'd always start my racks, about five weeks out. Because I had to start healed. Because I'd pool so heavy. I mean, just go way over, you know, not at the 10. I mean, 120% of the heavy's you can do. Yeah. Yeah. With that, I've done 13 on a pound of rack board before. So I needed like some rest. You know, to that. So about five weeks out, I'd stop those. Anytime I would do it during the cycle, I'd do it in the cycle. I'd do it in the cycle. I'd have me in the deadlift. Now I would do like a double a triple down there. Like, and I wouldn't hit the single as much in the deadlift as I wouldn't squat. Now I'd go up into one heavy set. Leave it alone. Go straight to three sets of rack board. Heavy's roads. This is where I always train to. I always say that's a good segue. I remember dropping pretty much all accessories about the four week marks. Since we did triple success, we did drop yours a few weeks. No, never, I always feel loose or weaker, small, and I couldn't handle that. I just couldn't handle it. So you dropped yours? I don't know. I only did if I would drop some, but with most of the other stuff, not like upper body. And I still do everything up to a week out. But I would do it for bench stuff and everything I did. I do it up to 17 days out. I do everything. It's not trash. It depends on how my elbows felt to it. Because I did up with a lot of 10 and 90s in squatting. I said, rather, me, so I would judge my own that. Because I was kind of a idiot a lot of time. I got like a squat, I'd have it back then. I mean, I was squatting every week. It would just totally just keep going up up up up up. So that's been a lot. Let's move from out of the 80s just move in into, you know, mid 90s and you both are still competing. But what did you have to change as your training age got older? At that time, nothing yet. Yeah, 90s, nothing. Yeah, that was still a lot of cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What had the change? Recovery time. So the time between? Yeah, I'd have to take it down a week more here. So you didn't squat every other week? No, I'd still squat up until a point where I, then I felt something coming on. Then the next week would be a little bit lighter. What about the accessory work? I'd still do accessory, but I'd make everything real light. Okay. More like pump it. Yeah. Same thing. It was kind of a bowel door you, when it came on, you know, he got wanted to, you know, still go. Still be the same. But he went in the hitches like, what the fuck? What's going on? I mean, I should be able to, you know, you know, you don't want anybody to see it, it's your kind of like, like, thumbs off. And I had to, you know, you had to learn it. You know, you know, you just something you, you know, you start feeling. You don't want to realize it's your, you know, once you get in in your late 30s or 40s, you know, you're thinking, you know, shit. I got to slow down. You're still trying to realize it now. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, exactly. And you're happy to feel you could still do it, but the reality when you touch the bar changes real fast. Don't want it. Yeah, hate it. Yeah, reality sucks. You know, having this really good idea on that day. On that day. Yeah. On that day. On that day. When you go to the next morning. On that day. You don't think about that. I would just think another day I go, you know what? I live for that moment. I'm okay with it. Yeah. I'll fucking hurt for three, two, three weeks or whatever. And I'll be finally going to need to do just, I can get to that one day. Yeah, it's just the degree of pain now. Yeah, exactly. Let it take up. I live it that every day. That's a big deal. Yeah. It's just got to be fun. That's right. That's right. Yeah. I mean, a true power of this, which is a warrior, is what you want to do. I mean, you want to, I mean, you got to be smarter by, of course. You know, you got to be smarter by, for something to agree. But you live for the days that you can have good days. So, and that's what is up. It isn't about going to a meet. It's about what we do. You know, we do it because we love it. So, yeah, how do you balance still being able to be some of who you were and be in healthy at the same time? It's a hard balance. I really appreciate it. And I really appreciate it. Thank you so much for your life. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I'm going to conclude the interview with, we all seen it. We've all been around for a long time. You know, the negativity that flies around in the sport and the crap. To me, you know, I don't want to go in that direction. Just the middle of the general statement real quick. To me, that's always been there. But it was in the gym. You know what I'm saying? And now it's on the internet. Yeah. People, high-pitched people. It's just what it and Hawaii in the night. Yeah. And then I hear about it. And so, later, like, man, I was fucking my high. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm only told you why to tell a phone. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's always been there. It's just in a different, the meeting is changed. It's jumped up a notch. What I like to talk about is, because you guys have been in the sport longer than me. I started in 83. And here we are now in, that was in 2013, still involved in the sport. We saw them aspect in one way or another. What are the things since the time you've started until now that are still good? Because I think people forget, and they, you know what I'm saying? There's no concern with all this other stuff. What are the things that are still great about the sport that makes it what it actually is? To lift us. Yeah. There are also the lifters. Because we're talking earlier about how fucked up a lot of stuff is. But how good it is. Because we help guys from USA, PL, or USPF, or WPC, or whatever it doesn't matter. And it's still lifters. And we'll get along with everyone still. Right. It's that part of it is really fun. It's the internet messed up a lot of stuff where people, you know, cry and post-face fake names on the internet. Yeah. Judge everyone else. Yeah. You know, lifters itself is, it's still fun and I like it. I always thought there was a false perception that they were putting out there. Because it's not what I see. You know, when you go in the warm up room, everybody's getting along every day. You're cool. Right. You're at the WPO, helping him, you know, or Choc or whoever else. Who's actually trying to beat your record, you know, and become a lottery. I don't think that's changed. No, not at all. I think it's actually better now. Yeah, because there's a lot more lifters, too. Right. Yeah. I mean, it would, I would think it's for it was better when it was, it was better and was less organizations. But it's still just as good because you guys, it brings so many lifters in. You know what I mean? So I think sport is a whole. I mean, we as, we as lifters and people in this sport had to police this sport. We have to do our thing, try to make this sport better. So if you are there trying to help people show them the right way, show how to do things. You know, we better for the sport, which they've organization they lived in and try to teach them. You know, right. What do you think? Yeah, I agree with what you said when it was, I kind of go back and forth when it was just the USP after an idea. Because, you know, when Bob went to World Championships, like, home, you know, this. I mean, you want that. I mean, that was, that's a big deal. Right. Yeah. It's a big deal. And I know it's still something that's, that's the, that's the, you know, the, you know, the, because it's, because it's that I mean, it was, it was a big deal. It was not for kid coming up just getting to the nationals wasn't easy. I think if, if both of us didn't do it back then and lift the heavy weights we were, people wouldn't think of us as a big deal now. Right. As much. Not at all. Not at all. Not at all. Not at all. Because it was hard to get there and there was only the one. But, you know, what kind of he's, and I don't want to bring up the craft that all went on. There was a lot of bad stuff associated with only being one. Oh, yeah. I mean, that was really, really. So I think a lot of times people, when they talk about that, they kind of live in fantasy land, we're looking at the park that was good, but there's reasons why, you know, things had to split that. Really. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But divorce. Exactly. For the greater good of the kids, which would be how the lifters, there should be another Federation. Yeah. Yeah. That's fine. I think there's too many now, but, yeah. Just the most part, you could get away with, you know, three. Three would be good and then everyone has a, Yeah. They could do their own, a place to do their own thing and have fun. It's got to be fun. Yeah. That's what people forget is. If it's not fun and you're just a miserable SOB. I don't know. It's horrible. Exactly. I don't like how this house spread out. You can't bring the competition together. I like to see the best guys, the best women, the best men and women competing, you know, at least on a fewer platforms where you're getting most of the more competition that way. Not as it's so spread out. I mean, it was already hard enough. Yeah. You know. I like that kind of thing in a way. Right. Do you think that the training information and ease and the 90s, you know, what we would get through is that we would say that stuff like that and what you get from other people. To me, it seems like a lot of the training and the information that you get. You didn't really know when you guys were thinking when you were coming off. Right. Not when you were out there. You didn't know if what your hair was bullshit. And there was a lot of out there. Yeah. A lot of guys back then didn't want to tell you. No. How they were training because they're afraid it was going to. Because you were going to be their competition. Yeah. And I think you think today that happens last since the guy's last. A lot less. It's out there and all of it's out there now. Yeah. I mean, that's the thing when Louie started his thing. He started making people think about how to program and change your exercise and change what you're doing now to make it work and to get better. And that kind of opened up the door and then people started to share more information and think in other own ways to do things and not stay to the same old stuff that they thought they should do. Yeah. Yeah. So when you look at it in full spectrum over the years, you know, which people were called the Dolongers, the camaraderie really wasn't there. Getting in at no people as well. No. You weren't able to communicate as much. Right. The training information that you're getting, you really didn't know what to do with it. We figured out our own, made our own mistakes along the way. Yeah. And now here we are in 2013 where everybody knows each other and gets along for the most part of meats in person. And everybody's really cheering the transformation is being shared. Right. So that's why I say at the beginning, I don't see it as we've come all this that it's so bad. You're just saying when you look at it from a personal perspective, this light is the sport and what it's about making people better stronger PRs and having fun. That's what we come all the way. Yeah. It's true. Oh, big time. Yeah. Yeah. We've advanced. We had advanced. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's just way things are. It's going to keep advancing things. Things change and let's go. Let's go stay the same. I mean, where there's a lot of it's the same, but just a little twist to it. Exactly. I'll wrap it with that and thank you guys for sending down. Thank you. Thank you, Dave. Thank you.