Hey everybody, Steve Colzcat for leadfts.com. We're here with Greg McQuay from Metro Flex Gym and Plano Texas. Greg tells us a little bit, first off, the Metro Flex gym has been growing left and right. It tells us a little bit about what Metro Flex is all about. Metro Flex is, and we know it's just the hardcore training that Ronnie Coleman and Branch Warren and no holes bar, hardcore training in rough environment. It's something that people are drawn to from all over the place to just feel the vibe in the gym and push themselves past their limits. And I think that's why Metro Flex has grown into all these cities. It's a nervous man, it's an attack of the way. You guys came out, you trained at our complex, which kind of fits that same thing. Metro Flex, I know you guys probably don't like to say the name Gold's Gym, but it's kind of become what Gold's gym used to be. Yeah, exactly. I think back in the golden era of bodybuilding, everybody thought of Gold's Gym as the place to go for bodybuilding. As time passed on, they've kind of taken on a more overly commercial and corporate approach to the mass market. And now Metro Flex is kind of, I think, getting the torch passed to us on carrying on bodybuilding training. So I'm very excited to hold that torch and continue to push the bodybuilding. And you and I, we go back a couple of years even though this is the first time we met you guys did do a couple of DVDs where you did seminars and not too many places to do seminars now. We do one for our, for the website here, they'll learn to train seminars, but gyms don't do seminars like they used to and you guys did some just a really good ones. And we're put out DVDs that had some good information. So we went to each other from from my, I did review of your seminar DVDs and then later on. I interviewed one of the guys, Jeff Dwella who is the lead to yours and correct. And you guys trained with. So we've, we've known each other a little bit, so it's nice to have you out here. You, you are a trainer. You work a lot with, with a lot of female athletes, correct. Bodybuilders and bikini competitors tell us our audience is mostly power lifters. Kind of a different area. What, what does it take to train someone for those two sports patients? Number one. No, it's, when I, when I open the gym as when the rise of the bikini division started and it, you know, my training side of my business kind of just went in that direction. As I started to pick up quality competitors and make them better and better. It's, it's different training, but I mean, it's, it's not rocket science. You're still building muscle and manipulating body fat. And I think that's the mistake that some of these people that are trying to train bikini competitors make is try to make it rocket science. They don't, you know, they don't need to do necessarily anything too different from what a bodybuilder we're doing. You're putting muscle in the right place and lowering body fat in the right place. It's a pretty simple formula. And it seems like your area has become kind of a hotbed for bikini competitors. I guess Columbus and your in Texas. There seem to be a done coming from that area. Yeah, I mean, we're, we're very fortunate in in Texas and especially in the Dallas area to have a lot of great shows and a lot of great competitors. So, you know, the, while the sport of, you know, bodybuilding bikini and the, NPC is growing. It's especially growing in our show. I think we had 18 shows in the state of Texas last year. So obviously, you know, being a place like measure flex where we encourage competitors and we're always breeding new competitors. You know, it's, that's competitors come to us and we try to help grow this board and support the shows. Okay. What would be some of the common mistakes that bikini or figure competitors make in their training? Well, the, I would say like a year ago is kind of a unknown knowledge, but now it's kind of getting popular, but it's still, I would say the number one mistake and that is a metabolism damage. I mean, there's, I don't want to play point names that trainers are just any philosophies, but a lot of these girls have got themselves into trouble in their lifespan as a competitor to get very short because they, they are, they diet way too hard for what they're trying to do. They're doing way too much cardio. When they get off these diets, they, they want to eat obviously and even if they're eating clean, they struggle not to gain weight. Therefore, the next prep is harder and they have a worse rebound. So it, I would say the number one mistake is, is overditing over spilling after the show, making it much harder diet is just a terrible cycle and I've seen it ruin some very talented girls. And tell us a little bit about your, your expanding. You have a new, a, a, a, a, a, a, what you call destination. Yeah, the destination project. That's super exciting. Metra Flex gym of Plano have decided to expand. We were coming up up at the end of our lease and outgoing our, our current space and we wanted to just do it from scratch and and do it exactly how we wanted it. The destination project came about. We teamed up with gasping better bodies leading clothing company and ultimate sports nutrition. And we have put these three awesome businesses under one roof and we're calling the three of them destination and we want this to be the place that people that love to train and live that hardcore lifestyle to come and visit from, you know, obviously and Dallas and then Texas. And in Texas and in the US and around the world. So we have big dreams for destination. Excellent. Hopefully I'll get a chance to get out there and check it out. Appreciate having you and your crew come out here. Yeah, no big thanks to a, a, a, a, a leap for having to sell here. It's, you know, we, I've been to the Arnold and, I've been to the world for a long time. And I'm so excited to come see the place and you know, with a new gym, you know, about three months out. It was as much for inspiration as it was to catch a workout in and you guys have been awesome. So thank you. Good to have you. Yeah. Thanks a lot with thanks.