What are your motivations to continue training year after year even after achieving such high levels in your sport? It's a good question. It's kind of tough for me. Having thinking about it is more than just as so many answers. I mean, basically this sport of product is like, it's almost like a relationship. You have highs and lows, sad times, you have ups and downs. You never want to be average. You never want to be like everybody else. And the motivation to keep doing is just like, why should I get in this something that you love so much? It's hard to let go. It's kind of like, it's like a relationship, like I say. It's hard to see myself not doing it. I don't worry about how I feel when I wake up in the morning. I don't worry about the night. I'm sore. Oh man, why am I doing this? It's hard to survive. Roll over the bed and kind of go like, yeah. I'll be right tomorrow. You know, go a couple days. You feel better. You train heavy. You train hard. You feel the same way. With that moment when I train, it feels so good. It feels great. Just living in that moment every time. So every anytime I can live in that moment, just to be able to train that way, just to be able to have that feeling. I don't have a wanted to go away. I don't see. I mean, I love pushing heavy iron. I love this. Good one is hard as I can go. I mean, even though sometimes I know I would tell somebody else, you need to take it a little easier. You need to go a little bit lighter. You shouldn't, you know, you're probably the back of it. And then you go heavy last week. I'll tell my training partners that. But then in the back of my head, I'm saying myself, I want to go heavy today. Okay, you know, you just went heavy last week. But I want to go heavy today. You know, knowing my mind and my, my body is, I know when I suppose to recover and how, you know, but I still, I just, because I just love it so much. So I just, it's, I mean, I grew up in the sport watching the sport. I guess when I was 10, 11, 12 years old watching the ABC, why were all the sports? I want to be a proud of to start doing it in 1979, I guess, competing in high school. Just to drive just to be the best I can be. And to try to be the, you know, I never looked at one lift or one person in the world and said, I would have training partners of people around me to go, man, that guy's like, also, that I go, is all right. I said, look, don't ever look at somebody else and think that they're just that bad ass that you can't be that bad ass. Because the moment when you keep looking to somebody else like that, you already lost, you never get there. I, I see it. You have to always think that. All goals are achievable. You have to believe. And so you just have to keep driving, just keep striving. Never think that somebody else is, you know, is better than you or you can't be better than them. And that's what keeps me going. Even now, I know I can kick somebody young guys ass, but I want to, you know, it's that, I mean, I got it in my heart. I mean, I want to bad. I want to go up here, something man, you know, get this hip right, get this bad right, feel good. You know, let's get out here and kick some ass. I want to show some of these guys off. Because I mean, it's just, it's the same feeling I had 20 years ago, 30 years ago. It's the same feeling that keeps coming. It just never goes away. So I mean, the question, the answer to the question is like, this is a burning desire. It's never ends. I mean, I quit producting for a little while. I wouldn't say quit when I retired kind of set a retired. I still was lifting my basement still training. And I tried to drag racing for a little bit because I'm so competitive. I mean, that would just too expensive. I couldn't keep it up. See, you know, I'm like, I still power it up. I might as well just get back my buddies, you know, let's do this. You know, because either I like to go 100, you know, 1000 miles per hour this way or Diff is heavy. So I can't not win. And the thing I say, just, you know, be smart about it. To read a degree, listen to your training partner sometime, listen to your body, listen to yourself. Even though I say, you know, I want to go here, I do listen to my body. If I go in a gym, I don't feel good. If I know it's feeling that not right. I'll push to a certain degree. You know, I just, I know it back off. Just keep your goals in mind and never put anybody. Not to say you don't should have idols and people that you're idolizing. You think this great. Just know that never put anybody on too big of a pedestal to think that you can't knock them down. You know, just always keep your own goals alive. You know, just keep your goals alive.