Number one, in my opinion, the benefit for vegetables is say it keeps you full. I mean, they have minerals and micro-neutronic sort of beneficial, but really, I'm kind to style it, to take up space in your stomach. I use green leafy vegetables, basically as free food. Basically, I spread lettuce, spinach, cauliflower, broccoli, spare guests. I consider them peppers, red peppers, green peppers on your own. It's free food. I give them for my clients, so you can use as much as you want, and any meal, eat them to help you stay full. You know, some people still don't like vegetables, but I include broccoli, probably almost every meal. Broccoli has a number of other things. In Del 3, carbon, all is technically an anniester gym. Let me in those things are really minor differences, but they have good micro-neutronic minerals, vitamins, but primarily they're a almost zero calorie, high fiber food that takes space in your stomach and helps keep you full when you're in a low calorie diet. Well, fibers great on a diet, fiber, well, clean job, obviously helps keep you regular, which is great, but it also fiber, you know, if you could get any kind of fiber and put it in water, you'll see what happens. It's so except that water informs us big bulk material, which takes up space in your stomach. On top of that, the fact that it kind of cleans you out, it's like a roto-ruder, basically, you know, go through your intestines and it cleans everything out, keeps you regular, helps you feel full, but by also cleaning everything out, it helps you absorb nutrients, better and helps, you don't get those nutrients, deficiencies, and those nutrients, deficiencies, play a role in your hunger. So you could be eating the same number of calories, but if some of these nutrients are getting absorbed, maybe vitamin D, who knows what some B vitamins, your body's going to sense that they've shredded these nutrients and it's going to send out these hunger signals that you don't necessarily need caloric-wise, where you wouldn't get those if you were more properly cleaned out.