Hey everybody, Steve Colzcat here. We're doing another segment of video inquisitions. You know, this time we're going to be talking, we're going to be sending some questions to Michael Stukiner who writes a very popular column for us called Paper. And Dave Tate's, the way he described Mike to me was that he is probably the one lifter who totaled a lead that probably never should but did it through pure strength of will. So to start out with Mike, what drove you to total a lead and how long did this take you? I guess the two biggest things that drove me to total my lead with being first and foremost, to prove all the people that really didn't think I'd be at all a total lead to begin with, to prove their wrong is going to be a tremendous amount of pleasure. I must admit. And the other thing that really drove me wise, because of the passion I have for the sport of power or the thing, I'm going to give a very brief example of this. I have been competing in power for the first time in my career. I've been working for approximately 22 years now and it took me about 15 years to total my lead. I'm not sure quite proud of that because I am certainly not as unique to get to the lifter and everything I did was through pure hard work playing simple. And Mike, who gave you the nickname Paper and what does it mean? Nick and he and Paper. Well, that's the interesting little story. I have to get credit to the person who gave me the nickname which he has come while. Tom is one of my training partners at Westside and Tom's really great guy. I always grew up following Tom. Tom was coming out of a training with the wrestling group one day we were doing a max effort bench movement and what we were done doing that and our tries to work we did some offer back together. And interestingly enough, Tom turned around and he looked at me and he said in a joking way as he said, now tell you what, for a guy he's been in power lifting for a short period of time, you're going to incredibly large amount of salt muscle tissue that he rolled out our body of yours. And he then backed out statement up another statement of basically saying that he can hold me at anything he wants because I'm a saltist paper of the show. So therefore that's how I got the nickname Paper of the show and that's how it's done with me for the last 22 years. The irony behind the nickname is actually this. This is really what makes me laugh. That name while the premise behind it was supposed to be degrading and putting me down, the funny thing is is that that name has sort of given me the size of a hot today. If you ask most people, the Dana who likes to achieve her is in power lifting, most of them would say not particularly, I don't know who that is, but if you ask most people, you know who Paper is, I think you'll get a very, very different response to that question. And lastly Mike, what were some of the obstacles that you had to overcome on your progression to your elite total and how did you maintain your motivation to overcome them? I would comment that the stage with the two biggest obstacles that I had to overcome in order to achieve my elite was physical and mental strength. When I started power lifting, I really had neither one. I was not very physically strong and I certainly wasn't the most mentally strong lifter. And that's why I have to tell you I am so grateful to have become a part of what side of Barbell in the fact that there was no greater claw that they can achieve the environment to make you not just a physically strong person but as well a mentally strong person. And their methods are clearly contested. They basically pitch you down and then they rebuild you and it's plain and simple, that's all there is to it. As far as my motivation is concerned, I think what the best way of explaining how I kept motivated old engineers was through my television. I saw my end result goal was I knew that as long as I kept my eye on the ball and as long as I continued to chip away and climbed up that not in bit by bit that someday I would achieve my goal. And that is what's really kept me motivated. And I would also probably say another thing that's kept me motivated is that that that became a student of the sport. So the learning process was very invigorating for me and that also not just learning about how to train but learning what worked for me versus what maybe didn't work so long for me throughout the years is something that's also kept me very motivated.