Mark Watts, we have TS.com. We're here at 11th Athletics in Columbus, Ohio. There were bad ventries. We were going over a couple of things to help with the squad. So, explain to us what we're going over that bed. So, what we're going through today are several different mobilizations and some compressions that can be helpful for athletes who squat. We're going to work on ankle flexion and drills you can do to improve your ankle flexion. We're also going to go through some drills that you can do to improve hip mobility, hip function. We'll also address the importance of the thoracic spine and maintaining neutral spine throughout the squat. If we're squatting, we want good flexion, full range of motion through the ankle joint. So, we need good plantar flexion, good dorsal flexion. To test your plantar flexion, you should be able to put both feet straight behind you, drive in the top of the foot and the ground, and then comfortably sit in this position. You'll feel a stretch through the top of the ankle, top of the foot. If you do not feel any stretch, that's wonderful. That means you have proper range of motion in that joint. If you'd like to intensify the stretch a little bit, you just come here, pull this up and keep your weight driving through that right foot, not really help open that up. If you can hold this for a minute on the right side, mid it on the left side that will really help you with your plantar flexion. If this is a miserable position to be in, you need to spend two minutes a day in this position in order to get that proper flexion. Now the next thing we need squatting is proper dorsal flexion, so being able to bend the ankles forward to this test here to help increase dorsal flexion, you should be able to drive your toes into the ground, keep your heels up, and then really sit back and driving your toes into the ground. You'll feel it stretched through the arch of your foot pretty well, and if you're really tight, you'll feel some pain through your toes. It's okay, ignore it, just kind of sit in there, and you can drive a little bit from side to side to help intensify that stretch throughout both feet. If you find somewhere that's particularly nasty, find it stay in it two minutes, and that'll help change the plasticity of that tissue, and it'll help restore some range of motion to the ankle. Next thing, next thing we have is a couch stretch. If you squat heavy and you cannot hold this position for two minutes per side, you're doing yourself a huge disservice, so you want to start out hands and knees, feet against the wall, take the left knee, place it directly back against the wall with the toe point to straight up, and then you want to neutral spine, so brace the gut, squeeze the booty, and then you want to be able to step up to at least parallel, probably a little front of parallel, and then really press back into the wall. On the whole time, maintain a neutral spine. We definitely don't want to over-extend the back like this, because we won't do that while we're squatting. We want to keep a nice neutral spine. You're really focused on squeezing the glutes, if you're not squeezing the glutes, you lose a lot of the benefit from this stretch. So you should be able to stay here, really deep breaths. If you're really tight, you'll feel this down here, right by your knee, and you may have to stay down in this position, that's fine. If you can come up to here, that's good. You'll start to feel it through the hip, and if you can really drive back into the wall and extend through the thoracic spine, you might even feel a little up through the so as through the corner of the gut. If you cannot maintain this position and comfortably hold it for two minutes, you got some work to do, so you want to be able to hold this two minutes per side, and really help you open up the hips and get into some better depths with your squat. All right, so the next part of a good squat technique is we need a nice thoracic spine. We need to be able to get out of the hunched position that we stay in for so much of the day. So if we can open that up and keep a neutral spine, we'll be able to tap into the posterior chain. As soon as we crunch forward, we lose most of our power, because it cuts off access to the posterior chain. So here we have two lead FTS lacrosse balls, duct tape together around and then duct tape the center into a peanut. And so what we want to do here is find just the base of Mark's thoracic spine go ahead and lay back on that. And so what we did was we put the spinal cord right in between the two balls. So we're going to try to get some thoracic extension in the spine by getting this kind of motion going. Also, Mark go ahead a little back and forth to get some tissue tack down. While he's doing that, he's just looking for hot spots. We find somewhere that make causes him to make this face. That means the tissue is extremely tight. We need to loosen it up, not allow him to get into a better squat position. So go ahead, work this way so the ball goes farther up the thoracic spine. So now it should be kind of just in between the shoulder blades towards the top and when he gets up to this height, he can get some more motion there. And the next thing he can do is press down through his feet, bridge up, put your arms forward and then really pull him through. And that's going to pull some of that soft tissue through that compression. Really open everything up. You might hear some clicking, some popping. It's those ribs popping back into place and that'll be really helpful. So you want to work that from the base of the thoracic spine, which is about two to three inches below the scapula and then work all the way up to the base of the cervical spine, but definitely don't get in that cervical spine. The other thing that he can do is free up a scapula, which will help to really lock in that squat position. So what he wants to do is outline his scapula with one elite FTS, the cross ball. So go ahead, lay back on that and definitely don't want to be on the scapula. You never want to smash on Bony surface. So he's looking for soft tissue. And he's looking for anywhere that's particularly painful. That means there's some tissue not enough there. When he gets in there, he can cross his arms on his shoulders and bridge up, kind of add a little more compression there. Keep moving in and out of that, trying to get the tissue to move. And again, if it's underneath his left arm, then he can take his left arm, stick it down by his hip first, and then pull that through a full range of motion there. And that'll help unglue the scapula and allow it to rotate freely as he's trying to wind underneath the bar. So one thing we find here is we got a lot of our athletes who are squatting heavy, have some knee pain, whether it's pateliformoral or some IT syndrome pain, or just general achiness through the knee cap. One thing you can do with the lead FTS's compression band is you can wrap below the knee and get some squatting motion. You can wrap above the knee, get some squatting motion, or we can do both, which we'll just go ahead and do both so you can see what that looks like. And what this compression does is it helps restore gliding surfaces to that region. So all the tissues will glide past each other nicely. And also create some slack below the inflame joint and above the inflame joint. So it relieves some tension so everything sits in there a little bit nicer. So we'll start out just below the knee cap. And the black band we have here is a little lighter tension. When we wrap we want to overlay about a half inch with each rep. And we want to do about a 50 to 75% stretch. Marce got sparing on a muscle down here so... So we're really wrapping it nice and tight for our larger athletes. The red bands will be a little bit better because you can get a little more compression in there. So we're really wrapping this up tight. And then once you've got it all wrapped you want to create a little bit of slack and then just tuck it up under and that'll stay. So go ahead hop up, get a few squats in there. And then now we'll get just above the knee and we're always wrapping towards the heart that helps push any sort of inflammation back into the lymph system and push it out of the region. So fresh lymph fluid can come in, gets the inflammation out of there. So above the leg here we can wrap it really pretty tight. Now it's going to be uncomfortable borderline painful but how much pain is too much as far as so if we get any sort of numbness or tingling while we're doing this we definitely want to stop because as we pinch down something in the nervous system and we definitely don't want that. So go ahead, get about 10 squats. When we do this for real we want to spend two to three minutes under compression and you can do this several times a day. It's a great way to alleviate some knee pain before or before or lift before or workout and even after or workout if you feel like something's a little bit swollen. So go ahead we'll take it off. When we take it off we'll notice a little changing color in the skin right here where the bands were. That it squeezed out all the old blood and now as you watch it's going to turn pink here in a second so go ahead stand up. So it's starting to turn pink here and here that's all fresh blood coming helps with recovery. You're really good thing to do. So go ahead squat again and even though Mark wasn't necessarily having a ton of knee pain I bet the left knee feels a little bit different than the right. Yeah so it really helps make everything move smoothly. So if you're prone to knee pain getting a wrap in and some squatting motions before a lift will be very helpful.