So far, we're out from the FDS.com. I'm here at Showtime Strengths and Performance in Newark, Ohio. Today we're going through a quick progression on some of the starts. Now, training a team in a large group, sometimes poses some problems as far as getting the athletes in the proper position. So we're going over some falling start series. We're going to go over a line of prone series and then a kneeling series. And what we want to do is talk about, not only some of the things you have to watch often, some of the mistakes that I've made the past and some of the things that may be worth the D's. D's are the best for your situation, so some of the things to watch out for. And maybe a couple coaching cues that will allow you to progress and re-dress your athletes. So again, these will be for our team setting, these are going to be for contract athletes. And we're really going to have progression, high-go through all these drills. It's the first series we're going to go through is a falling start series. There's a couple different drills and regressions that we have at this. I'm just going to demonstrate a couple of things. So the benefit of a falling star is to have an athlete in a four position where it's going to simulate where they're going to be needing to be body-professionalized when they're straightforward. So for young athletes, it's pretty good. They're one of the disadvantages are if you're trying to do some competitive type of environment, all athletes are going to be spreading in different speeds. So even if you start to lean at one at one time, doesn't mean that they're going to be able to produce force at the same time in that way in position. So that's not going to be a workout for them. So there's one thing that we're going to look at is, first-ball and start when you just have it in the athlete, there's two ways to do this. You're going to be a falling star where the athletes are standing straight. And now we're going to lean forward. We're going to have a little bit of that dorsic function in the end. Now that's not going for a very position with what that is because again, we're not going to factor on the first step. So another way you can do this, if you have this ball, go ahead up on the toes. And then it will go through the four lanes. You go extra-napped. One of the things that we're worried about when you do a falling star is where that first step length. The biggest mistake that you have to look for is a coach with the large environment. And 100-minute damage rate doesn't go up on the toes. And the biggest thing is when they step out, and they can slow themselves down for the first step. So he's going to go ahead and come through. And it's starting to stay here. Now, if you look at that shanning, if he's trying to catch himself from falling, that shanning will straight up down. And obviously this is not a very good position to be in a front-board or a pretty short course because again, that shanning is going to take the pull these four straight up. So what I did on the first step is that it's true. It's just slow by self-doubt. So really it's going to be important when they go back up. But really going to be important to have the asshole when they come through. It's a nature that they, the first thing they're thinking about is driving through me. And I know that something you don't go looking on is written. So when you're going to have to drive a knee-four, so they can produce four pack of the ground, that might be an extra step that might not have to have to work on or have to on the one hand. So really be cautious that you might be actually getting the sprint. One other way you can do that is after you have to do a knee-hung. So if they do a knee-hung, so if they need to have the same thing, make sure the course of the explanation that Egg was supposed to be. Now I'm going to move forward on the center. I'm going to praise you again. He's going to move forward. Now he will hit and strike that foot down into the ground when he's sprint. One thing to watch out for with this, that sometimes with that knee as a whole block, that's a good angle, that's a good hip flexing, and they can really get that knee up high. That's going to be an end when they're never really going to get into the pool. We try to do this having the athlete have to move the lower right so we get the arms and straight as when they're running their knee. Now when they have to go to the knee, you know, I just go to the first step. Now they're going to go ahead and then forward, and then push off, push off, and go on the straight group. You can also do a mixture of the athletes and control as I do then. Now you have a little bit of balance and proper session to pull it into that as well. So again, if you're going to do the knee, make sure the athlete does not stop the ground. It doesn't push off. That's the good lesson. Another thing that happens too, and when they do hold the mixture, it's going to flow. The last thing is of this, would be to just have the athletes be able to lean forward. Now the body here is going to lean forward, right, and then in that, as one count. Then you have to go to the toes. I can just let go. Once I let go, now I'm going to have to do it very well. So you can have to let go straight. So that's another, now the body and that position. Now again, you can have all the athletes where at the same time. You can see them because as a coach, you can see them. You can see them. You can see them. You can see them. You can see every athlete's footstep. If you're in a large group, you can also do that same variation with the knee-hooking opponent as well. So that's another good one to do. You can even have them do the first couple of steps. So they can actually get a position where they're doing the water-type sequence while you're wobbling forward and then sprint. So that's something you can do. Last days of this, so we have, say they call and start knee-hooking, start in that basically an assistant, start. The last one will be kind of a jump back, so it's a little bit more of a pro-metro-cono effect. So again, what we're trying to do is, by jumping forward along with the jumping back, we should be able to be in that same angle to go as a straight-up. So 100 is going to demonstrate one different thing. So get one jump forward, jump back, and then go straight forward. So again, what they'll do is move through the one more time. So when you jump through, jump forward, jump back, and so we should be pushing off just like you do in the front. So, right? Let's pull and push off. Right? So with that, the opponent makes you when a push off will see. You're really going to drive that leg forward and really going to go back to that second step. So they push off at both feet. Where is that second step landing and are they producing force on the second step as well? So that's kind of a little bit of a progression with the following storms. Okay, the second phase is going to be a prone storm, or what we'll call push-up storm. Now, there's some things that are really good about this. Another example, that that may need some extra coaching. It may be not be grassy as the best positions we'll talk about that. These are things that do as half-rath hits a prone position. It happens, round the wall, but I'm not going to have a back second. I'm going to strip the wall and then just go. This is maybe not going to be a mechanical advantage to reinforce good habits, but more of a competitive advantage. Again, there's a large force that athletes have to be front the ground to his more positions, but there's also a different skill set. Right? Now, I'm going to be a linear speed shield, maybe you just being a quickness and athleticism and a wave-rath is competing. You can also say that you can align your backs and say that you answer side when the roll on one wire or the other, which is another good movement, better than puller, just make sure all the answers are almost in the way. Those are necessary speed development drills. Those may be more competitive and athleticism type drills. We're not going to build athleticism, but to display it for your athletes. So, one thing we'll work at is doing the two push-up position. Here's a draw. So, if our step-up goal is to push up position, right? So, the next day is when you have to control your foot, they're going to be like, well, I think we're like, well, we're never that disengaged. It's just not very conducive to produce a lot of force. That shandle is very close to a pair of all the ground, but it's not just if it just feels the one way force would have and they're just really push off the ends of his toe, which you don't know how to produce all the force. And the athletes, yes, I got the athlete, but position where they're going to be able to try out and settle on. But it's really not developing any good habits. So, go ahead and say you're like, back up, who we started to do was starting to in a back push-up position, which is a each one of them that comes up. Now, I'm not going to be like, and that would be, but that's going to depend on your athlete. This little macho weighs a dragon. Now, when I bring my leg up, now we're a little bit better at it. Right? It's almost again. I can't use the back leg because obviously it's straight. So, it's still pretty important to have it on that front leg. So, it's not a smoother start, but it's a little better and we're going to be able to get a traditional push-up start. So, that's one way to do this with the pressure of this. You can even have the athlete say, okay, ready? They get up and they're up and up position. Say, they're ready to lay up. So, they're able to push up. They then you can say, go from there. Then that's exactly how they're at. I'll say, ready, you can say, push up position. I'll say, just go, and then you'll plan to bring this leg up to the sprint. The other thing you can do is have that athlete do you even get this back leg up. I'll also say, they're going to lay up and straight. Now, I'll say, ready, set, now I'm going to swing that leg through and plan on that'll be good. Good, good, that is pretty good. That's swinging through, moving up. Right? A little bit, maybe more realistic to count. It's not a word, but a full context of how far they bring your knee. But a maybe a little bit more realistic as how that foot plans on the ground. So, they give it a little bit of variety. So, again, they can grab your shoes and swing it that leg through. And then you can push it off because again, it's pretty good. The way you turn it, it's laps. And then, when you force it in, it's going to be very important to still that, especially young athletes you can kind of reinforce. So, that's really progression. Spray the starts for a line on my back, starts really good for a competitive athleticism. But when you're going through the push-up starts, try to get that thought up a little bit. So, they're going to work. An inch more on tight start. So, that way, they're shinning. It's going to be looping or realistic for the foot-saw to plan it. They have to bring their foot up a plan. We have to swing the foot all the way through. It's kind of pretty different phase with that with the push-up starts. So, the next phase at a progression of the allow-start series. Now, we've done a more extensive video on just allow-start and progression through that. So, I don't want to go over that too much d2. But basically, we're talking about when you have to see if you've got that stance to be able to make sure that the athlete should get his weight to that front leg before he does that. Cross over step-to-dryze after that, and then again, it's a difference between pull-up with that front leg. It'd be an omit-shift to get pushed off that front leg. So, we're not going to really demonstrate that. We're going to get check out that video for how we do those allow-start. Very good for, again, sports-lessificity and really for developmental rotation powers, well, it's also make sure anytime you do it with athletes, you have to make a lateral force. We have to do a linear start. But the next phase at our progression will be to be able to get down to the human start and again, this is just for some riding. It's not going to be semi-bibically, as a tertiary level sport, because you're not pushing up that front leg. But what it is going to do is reinforce the happens, really push your head off the back leg, and still, we're going to force it, the shoulders of the turn, getting your head turned, remember to get your head. Your athletes can not run very fast when you saw it. Get their head around to the direction of the run first, and really make sure that he's not going to talk about. So, really with these, it's just to take one step with this. Really, from this one, you say ready to go. You push it off that back leg, and ready to go. You can push it off on the front. Okay? So, again, you see that, you can do that with a lot of athletes. You can see the height, you can see their first step, or that stance. You can see where that is, making sure that the athlete does take such a big step with that first leg. That day, literally, he has that positive chin under their sore self-doubt. The next one is going to be basically, basically, the basic RDL start. So, similar RDL, something we had on our training program, which is very efficient. Next, you'll have an idea of video one. Really, double stress on the boots and hamstrings, half to stress a little back. It's a beautiful, light, reticisosis, just similar RDLs, part of the blows, under-use that we've seen. So, these cues are more inferior to our athletes. Again, one thing we just tried to do is have to select that knee. And I'm reaching with the right leg, and reaching with the right arm. I'm just going to be down and out and on to the left position down for the here. I'm going to go ahead and do another low position, basically, you want to pop it up. I'll push off hard, take one second, sprinting, right? Making sure that again, that athlete's going to do this five-foot position around. So, that first step is pulling and stretching while it's sprinting. If it's remember, you're who second step will always follow where your toes are pointed. If my toes are not pointed, straight ahead, it's hard for me to have my step straight ahead. My toes are pointed off an angle. My next step is going to be at the same angle, not to be able to cross over. So, make sure that's a coach you're doing it over for. The other one, a progression of that, is going to be a skater start. And again, this is one of a plyometrics going for lack of that, that award really sometimes. Sometimes hockey is specific, but really one of the best plyometrics that you can do to reinforce lateral speed change directions. So, now what we have the other two, is we'll get it at same, similar leg start. They're going to take a jump, one skater jump, two direction, sprinting, the skater jump back and a plant push off. So, it's going to be more of a dynamic progression for the first and so again. You know, I've got the fish, and it harder for some of the nine of us, so we'll walk along, both to the path and I'll push off. So, what you can do is you can actually even have it, so we have to take the landing every time, which is going to be very important for athletes to default, because it gets to have some athletes that are so dependent on being the last in bouncing. That again, that's a great way to reinforce that structure, the toes, the lower front and front, is really just getting a position where they can't hold that, and stick that landing. The other one will be, if I'm going to go ahead, it just can't do me favor to do the same thing, but I'm just sure jump, and just as soon as you may have been bombed up, right? Ready? Well, so you're really going to really hit that and really go, and really, you're not trying to catch as much height, kind of as strong, you're going to go high, which is fine. You can even do that over a column, which will reinforce. Again, now that landing, it's not going to be so in a direction where it's going to be landing in any downward position as well. So, again, you can play around with that, just make it true that that's going to be more of a slow response. Type of high, much of draw is supposed to wrap your response, but it gets really good because you've got all that weight on that left, that's like a really good, a very specific strength type exercise to develop that, that, that will change the direction of the limit. The last thing to go through is a testing, the start, series, or just a testing start. Now, the paradigm is that you don't want to spend a lot of time working on a skill that's not going to help you out, going to help you out feeling further school. You know, get a lot of time to test it, so it's fine not to have a lot to do with their sport at all. But you also want to have the athlete have success in different tests. One of the reasons why we went to a different type of system, it's all about that landed, but so, if you have an athlete that never tested before, obviously you're trying to transition to do a three-point stance. We've got to the point when we've got athletes who just, you know, test out of a parallel start because that's what their sport was, or they just went to the two-point start, but a lot of times you get them false step. Whenever maybe, if you're going to take the time to teach them how to test them, start, here's a couple things in my help. For an athlete that's never, they're a test before, a really quick way we do is that a hundred is going to be right here, so this left foot is going to be formed, right? So what we're doing is we're going to go ahead and have this left foot step back to toe heel, have this right foot step back to toe heel, and then the mentions of my shoulder and waist, so even if you have the athlete, how do you have to do it? But sometimes this happens, have one foot out and rotate, and not a good up in the right, right stance. Obviously bigger kids, one with their hip width, if there's not very flexible in there, I have to do it in the wide. But we want to do, you want to have to extrovert this athlete's self, so really when we get that position, and again, I have about a hundred and one raise, it's going to be good. How to normally do it in a pretty close, so again, how does this tall, this left foot, so it's all right? He's going to go ahead and bring it back like back to the lower one. Some coaches want their athletes to strong all the way out and climb back in, right? We need one of the two with their hips, that's going to be up to you, that's basically basically the presence of the athlete. But here's what we're just going to do with a couple of things, so first of all, obviously what they have for the crown of the honors, much as possible, would you look at the two orthopedic ladies and couple of things? Get up with that star position to stay in the state of state, which you go on for now. That's what you're going to get, is this left arm up, and I have a way, because that's what you want to do. You have that, you took a fur, both hands down, that's going to be true. But what are we looking for, is that it? I'm looking for a good man, again close to 45, with a fast dog leg, and I want that that leg is going to be more parallel, right? But still, how do you get that? We're going to have a short, reduced course for both things, one thing we learned, we've got to get that. One thing we learned is that again, you didn't have to ask it to push force off of both feet. You're going to be able to produce more of a first step than they would have to just have all that weight on that front leg. Also, the difference is just basically that front legs are still round on the front, right? So again, in the out of the case of an acquisition, again, if you're going to have a tiny system, if you're going off of a moment you get to a muse that you're going off of the sound, now you're going to have to stretch that sound and it's big. You just be careful how you're testing. So again, the average very good experience. How do I think we're looking for that good man? A couple of things we're looking for. So when you're looking for the outfit, if you're looking at really the third step, how far are they gaining ground on each visual step? The biggest issue is sometimes with that first step. If they're just clearing the line, only by a couple of inches, again, they're not generating enough force. Really have to reinforce how far they're stepping. Without coaching, the big issue is sometimes with the things we want. You want a good straddle, like you can have a body horse and those are a biophtal, all of the force you're going to do is love the speed. So again, don't coach how far they step, but make sure they're aware of they're not gaining enough ground on their step. So people say again, the first three steps you should gain five bar, the second five. Yeah, the first three steps, five yards, that second five yards of the ten yards range should be in the two steps. So five steps, you go 10 yards. Mike, the ambitions for some half or so, again, the death cycle of the locals. Again, looking at the four, they should be looking forward. We'd squeeze, die by the way, two, two, three, up. Sometimes if they're looking straight down, for heads down, again, they're going to, you know, sometimes, the force to head down, that'll keep their shoulders down. That's going to be your, the biggest thing without, is that's going to be your decision to make on the half of the lot of time. We'll just break down that shoulder to step up. When they're looking straight out, they pop up. So really, the high should be down on these at first 10 yards. Again, you're not doing a track on it. That's some of the tools we're having, as it's having lunch out. If you have a learning to jump in track, but if you don't have that option, again, getting to the test and start from you will be hugely. You're making sure they can play around on the top, so make sure they can get the positions. Again, the others are going to go one time out. You're going to really, really produce the force of the whole thing. Really push off. You know, anything else that's going to be yours? I might want to give you a little closer. Bring that back, like, a little bit, like just a little bit. Again, you want to see us about the shoulders, like, for the most part, that's going to be the one we're going to go ahead. Now, about, ready? Go, go. So again, when you're looking at a couple of things, so a couple things we're going to do. And I'll just just talk about this real quick. When you're testing, the biggest thing, as a coach you can do, is I know that we want to use the stopwatch as a measuring stick, because a couple of things that may give you some better feedback. Number one, measuring where their first step is, or second in the third step gets to. Again, if I can gain a half an inch or an inch or an inch or when every step I take, obviously, you know that I'm going to be able to cover that around on this time. You know, so again, just having it, you know, really making sure that you can either measure that third step, so it gives them some instant feedback. The other thing is, filming those sprits, and I think nowadays with iPhone, you're going to have slow-mo and iPhone, you can record that and have the iPhone come back and show them. Like, look at your third step, look at your first step, look at your shoulders pop up, look at, look at your false step, whatever it may be. Sometimes too much we have coaches that stand around, they yell and they're gone, and given some random, instructions, random motivation for speed drills, and checking their own email on the phone. Instead, have those peripheral coaches, film the athletes, and give them some feedback. You'd be surprised, they could probably vote themselves, and they'll know right when you even need a coach. You'll know exactly what they did wrong. Your job as a coach is to make sure they know why they did it wrong and how it fits, there's a difference in that. So really, make sure you're in the fashion of how far they're going, those steps, filming those, and really, instead of a stopwatch, maybe get to a point where they can start to be in a position where they can race. I think that's the best thing we did as athletes get a competitive and have them race. Instead of measuring with the stopwatch, which you'd be, now you have an end-rider reliability issues, if you use the electronic time, or if you have some different different issues with that, again, if you have them race and times, now you can really, now you know who your fastest kids are. So we talk about that in a video that we did a webinar, we did about five ways to do more work and less time. So those are things to think about with the sprint, hopefully those will help you to get your athletes in better position, to gain speed and to really have that speed and translate on to the field.