Hello, our next question comes from Fred and he's questioning, well actually this entire topic is covering hand position for deadlift. So our first question regarding this comes from Fred. He asks, what recommendations do you have for hand placement for the long limb lifter? The length of the limb is important is the width of the body. You know if you're what I'm going to say, why trash can? You know if you're really, really wide your hands are going to obviously have to be wider than if somebody who's got a narrow shoulder position. And first and foremost the most obvious is you need to make sure that your hands are on the knee or the bar. That's what it's there for. So if you're a really small person the hands might be out a little bit wider than what typically would be necessary, but it's better to do that and have all fingers on the knee than to have just a couple on the knee and the other on the smooth because if you do lose your grip the first finger to go is the pinky finger. So with actually on an off-note with deadlift training that's what needs to be the strongest on the hand is the pinky. All this other stuff doesn't mean anything because once that goes it's just a chain effect and everything else is being ripped out. The wider the person is I've seen some guys, microjaria comes to mind who was 350, 360 pounds and his hands were, he may have even been outside the rings and a deadlift are very close to being outside the rings. So optimally you just want a straight arm position so it's not angled inward or outward arm straight and just wherever they fall. It's don't overthink that one. All right, thank you Fred. Our next question comes from Jonathan on the same type of topic. He asks, if I can only pronate the same hand when I deadlift due to risk injury, should I be concerned of developing an imbalance? If you're a power lifter now because you're going to develop imbalances as a power lifter that's part of the sport, it's actually part of any sport. All sports to succeed in the sport requires developing what some would consider an imbalance because of the nature of the sport. Baseball pitcher is obviously going to be more dominant with their throwing arm than they are with their non-throwing arm so that's an imbalance or is it balance for that sport? So I think when you start talking imbalances you need to start talking sports, specificity unless you're just training for general fitness and strength. With that in mind if you're competitive lifter, what's the difference? It's going to be an imbalance anyhow. So no I wouldn't be concerned with that. All right, thank you Jonathan.