Another key exercise that we use no matter what somebody's ability is or even general with our weaknesses are as a reverse hypertension. Probably one of the better machines that's come out in the last 25 or 30 years. This machine allows you to develop a lot of lower back strength while also traction or vertebrae in order to recuperate the discs from heavy lifting. So we've shown a lot of compressive exercises with this deadlift. The good morning is a compressive exercise. The stiff leg of the deadlift with the bell squad is a compressive exercise and so are the conventional and sumo deadlift. So when you're designing your lower body programs, it is generally a good idea to have most if not, you know, 67% of your lower body training to be traction oriented by meaning is it pulling the muscles or the vertebrae back apart while it's getting stronger. So a lot of guys develop their training protocols when utilizing only compressive exercises and those are the guys you don't see that are around too long. So guys that aren't structurally built to deadlift all the time or squaddle the time. So we're going to have a lot of problems. So guys, we're six with all or normal athletes. So with any of my athletes or clients or even myself, I utilize a lot of the next exercises you're about to see. Now I have known variations of this. A lot of guys you just say rehab tool is swinging it pretty erratically. He needs structural static strength. So to be able to accomplish that with this exercise, we're going to slow the tempo down. I'm going to give him a 1, 2, 3 count up and a 1, 2, 3 count down. What this will do is we'll make the muscles work ten times harder than I would. If the weight was swinging, it's going to develop hypertrophy and his tailbone and his glutes and his hamstrings with your all of his weak points. And it's going to teach him to keep those muscles strong, tight and contracted while he's picking things up whether it be squatting or deadlifting. So here we go. So what is going to do is he's going to raise that up using glutes and lower back. And he's going to lower it very slow and he's going to start all over again. Slow off the bottom, squeeze, slow down the bottom. There you go. We're trying to focus on primarily this area here. Making sure that we develop maximum hypertrophy so we can have safety when we deluteve it, squat heavy and do any kind of athletic endeavor. Good. So another key we're doing is trying to make sure that you're locking your legs. Because your hamstrings are going to want to try to take some of the pressure of doing that. You want to make sure you're focused on a strong leg lock and your focusing right on your tailbone and your glutes to activate.