Hey everybody, Steve Colzcat here for EliteFTS.com. We have another part of my conversation with Plant Darden. And you know this time, we're going to talk a little bit about an area that I know absolutely. Well, I picked up a little in the last year about Olympic lifting. I don't see myself doing any of that as it takes too much time to learn. But I'm not saying there's no value in it. But you know, you had an interesting put out a video. What was the title of the video? I think it was straw men versus powerlifting versus Olympic weightlifting, which is harder. Okay. And after you came out with that, that was a very widely viewed video. Very blew up fast, really fast. And lots of comments. Most of them negative. Yeah. Okay. There was also a podcast where we're two of the guys who are, you know, pretty high up in the Olympic lifting world in the US at least. They had some comments and they talked about about a local boy named Louis and his views on Olympic lifting and yourself. Tell us a little bit about what they had to say. You know, I went through it. And this, honestly, it kind of hurts because these are two guys that I looked up to when it comes to the sport that I'm aspiring to, you know, be a part of. And when two people that you look up to say anything negative about you, it does hurt. You know, I don't care who you are. So it's a blessing, you know, to have my name and, you know, anybody named Louis addressed in the same conversation, whether it's negative or not. And first of all, it was addressed that Louis should not be coaching Olympic weightlifters. And I should not be coaching it. And I shouldn't be commenting about it because I knew nothing about it. It came back to my video. And I made a 16 minute long video where I talked about my love for strong man. And what that sport is like. And the feeling that I get inside when I'm competing, when I'm training. And for me, it's like nothing else. I mean, I got criticized so much that I thought it was the hardest sport, you know. And you know, it's just me, it's one guy talking, you know, on the YouTube's, you know, that's all it is. It's my opinion. And I preface all of this by saying, I've only been doing Olympic weightlifting for five months. So you probably don't want my opinion anyway. So strong man by far, and I will stick with this, probably to my grave. It's by far the hardest sport. It is everything. It's the most difficult to recover from because you are doing powerlifting, you're doing all the strongman adventure. You're gaining weight, you're doing cardio. You know, I'm too 90 and I'm still nowhere near big enough to be competitive. It literally is every day of 6,000 plus calories of force feeding while doing everything. And then I spoke about powerlifting and the love behind that and what an actual power lift feels like in your mind, in your brain, you know, recovering from the power lifts and not just physically but the middle recovery that it takes just for training and powerlifting. Again, coming back to the food side and the calories needed. And I really don't enjoy eating. The only reason I eat at all, especially with my health conditions is just because I want to be better in the gym. So I don't enjoy eating at all, even though I've been known as a master of eating mass quantities of food. And then I come back again to Olympic weightlifting and immediately right off the bat, I state that right now, this is the heart. Or this is the Olympic weightlifting is the easiest sport that I think I've ever done. But I'm five months into it. So come back to me in two years when I'm putting 400 pounds overhead every day on the clean and jerk and I'm putting 300 pounds overhead every day in the snatch. It would probably be a pretty different story on what I talk about as far as recovery. But, you know, really for someone, I'm used to deadlifting 800 pounds plus every single week and I've done so for five years or so. I can box squat mid-nines, whatever that translates over into. It translates into an 900 pound box squat. It's all it translates into. I can't binge press my way out of a paper bag, but whatever. To snatch 200 pounds every day and training overhead, that's nothing to pick up. There's no strain on my legs or back. Clean and jerk, no strain on my legs and back. It's frustrating. It's mentally frustrating. So, you know what I'm getting back to what we're talking about? This radio podcast from these guys that I have a respect for. They basically took a 16 minute video and dial that down into two sentences out of the whole thing. One where I said it's not a strength sport. And one where I said Olympic lifters don't eat very much. Okay, so what we will go with the second one first. They don't eat very much. That's true. I don't care who's this. I don't care if they talk about, you know, the two or three elite level Olympic weight lifters, the super heavy weights. They're always talking about eating tons. I don't care who they're discussing. You're going to go back and use what 10 examples worldwide that you know of of people that are force feeding food nonstop just to lift. I can give you 10 people within a, I don't know, 100 yard radius of me right now who eat like that all the time. Amateur power lifters eat like that. Beginning amateur strongman eat like that. And not just for six months, not for six weeks, not for the month leading up to this four decades. I can't express that. All I can say is that this is a opinion coming from a guy who's gone from terrible and strongman to, you know, an elite level strongman. You know, someone who's gone from can't squat the Smith machine bar to somebody who can squat a thousand pounds. You've gone from someone who can't do the Olympic lifts yet out of all those guys criticizing me. I'm the only one that qualified for Europeans and Pan Ames and almost qualified for worlds five months into training for a sport. So I'm not exactly a nobody and I will be at world's next year. And those people that are commenting, they will not be at world's next year. But I will be, remember that. And the other side is, I said it's not a strength sport. And I think that is basically, people got all been out of shape saying that I meant that Olympic weight lifters are not strong. And that's not the case at all. The idea is that Olympic weight lifting is in everything sport. It is a coordination sport. It is a skill sport. You know, in power lifting, if you want to, if you're having squat issues, you know, we can, we can look at your squat and say, okay, we got to fix this and fix this and try this and you know, someone could look at your technique and make, you know, 50 pound increases in a day, you know, and making small technical things. But the majority of the time, the answer is just get stronger. And with Olympic weight lifting, it's not just get stronger. The answer is very rarely just get stronger. And people want to use the case of a couple of American athletes that, you know, they have, they have full squat, you know, 700 pounds plus raw. Well, that's great. Because there are a whole lot of Europeans that can't do that, but they're also at the Olympics, holding medals. So that big, raw squat you just did for the YouTube's means absolutely nothing. If you don't have the technique and the training to back everything up. So Olympic weight lifting, it is an everything sport. But it comes down to skill and technique and finesse on the bar. So I don't know, you know, with these guys with their podcast, if they happen to be watching this, I would love to go on their podcast and at least be able to give my advice because I don't hate on anybody. You know, there's no way I would hate on a sport in which I aspire to do. You know, I wouldn't be training 14 sessions in the gym every single week and a sport that I want to tear down. I want to be a part of a sport. And it's just a beginner giving his opinions and ideas. So take it for whatever it's worth. And it's still just me having fun on the YouTube's. Okay. One last thing in our conversation yesterday, I thought it's very interesting talking about the mental aspect on approaching the bar and how it differs between power lifters and all the big lifters. Absolutely. And it's a thing with Olympic lifting. They are really before I call them OCDI, I just want to I'm thinking because I've got, you know, when I left Cyprus for my eight week vacation here, I left with nothing more than a tank top and a pair of shorts and a change of underwear. But I brought all of my power lifting gear in my bag. So I'm just as bad. But the toughest thing about Olympic lifting is that you have to be mentally sharp, perfect mentally all the time. And it's a crazy mental game. And Dave and I talked about this yesterday, we see an athlete swuck up to the bar and they get into position with their hands on the bar and they get all set and they will pull it up to their knees and just drop the bar and walk away. And everyone else watching is like, like, I was a chicken. Why don't you just pull the weight? You didn't finish the lift. You just chickened out. And that's not what happened at all. I mean, mentally they were thinking about, you know, shoulders back, tight arch, the positioning of the weight on the heels. There's so many details to think about for a lift to happen. And when you're just thinking about that, it literally is paralysis because of analysis. And you can't do anything once you were thinking about, it has to be second nature. When someone is yelling at you, when you're making the lift, you know, keep the bar close, you know, all of the, all of the cues that you hear in power lifting, you know, back, back, back and ease out. When someone is yelling at you like that with the Olympic lifts, it throws everything off and you cannot. And there's no time to cross-practin and let the lift. Absolutely. There's no time. It's not a slow lift. It's amazing. And you've, you know, at least once a week I go home and say, that's it. I'm quitting. I'm going to take up golf. I want to pick up something. I'm going to do anything besides this. You know, there's always tomorrow or this afternoon to go back in and do it again. And that's when some of the best training sessions happen. You know, Dave and I talked about this yesterday, getting into the, the mental side of the Olympic lifter, you see the lifter walked from the side of the platform in a straight line and turn and walked up to the bar. And that's nothing more than having that soldier mentality. Or whatever, whatever you've convinced yourself, it is in your mind to where you're thinking nothing but just the bar. And you have the respect for the bar. You would never kick the bar or the plate. You would never throw a plate. You know, they talk about it. Like it's, it's a woman, you know, whether you're, you, it's, you handle it like a woman. You treat it like it's your woman. Like it's your wife. You've got to have that respect for it. Or it will eat your life. Whereas power lifter is starting to beat the weight. Absolutely. I had about the bar. My last squat session before I came here. I mean, I was headbuttoned the squat bar into blood around down my face. And I got a PR. But it's whatever it takes at that point. Excellent. Thanks.