Another accessory exercise that we like to use is the Russian curl, which was basically the exercise that the glute ham raise was designed. This is the hardest exercise you can do for hamstrings baron. He's not an ultra heavy guy, this thing will be a complete pain in the ass for him. But what we're going to show is that the hamstrings need to get stronger in order for him to be in the proper position. And what we're also going to show is this exercise can be mimicked at any point in time. You can do it on flat ground. This is just a nice pad that was kind of built for it. But you can do it on flat ground with a partner holding your ankles or if you can find something to fix your ankles. But if you want to build truly strong hamstrings, this needs to be a key component into your exercise regimen. So the first one is going to try. We're going to show how much work we really need. He's going to keep his hands up and he's going to try to come up as much as he can without losing his much arm as far as at least the amount of arm is possible. So go ahead. So right there you can see his body wanting to get out. Now he's going to try to come up without losing very much arm. And you can see how it's in complete strength. Okay. Now these are not intended to do ultra high reps. If he gets to where he can do six or eight reps with this, he's going to be doing great. So he's already grabbing his calf, which is completely normal. You ever remember that the hamstring originates up in your lower back and actually inserts down in your calf, gastronomia. So it's not uncommon when you're doing ultra heavy hamstring work to feel it in your calves. So he's going to do one now that would be like a one to kind of start getting to that point of doing that. He's going to use a lot more arm drive. He's going to control the downrofe, as much as possible. He's going to kind of spring up and help himself pull up to that. That is a good starting position and good starting cue to start. So right there you can see that that's pretty much a maximum hamstring exercise. A good reference for this is six to eight reps. But if you have a hamstring weakness like this, which will be inhibiting your deadlift and your squat, it could take anywhere from six months to 24, 36 months for this to come up. It's a very slow-growing muscle. It's, you know, you can be riddle with cramps and all kinds of issues. Most people just don't have strong enough hamstrings and that's why they don't ever realize that a true potential in lower body.