Mark Watts, Derek Dogue, and our leadFDS.com. Today we're going to talk about the incline press and a couple of quick coaching cues if you have a large group of athletes. Incline press is a little harder to implement into your program. You have a lot of bench press, you have a lot of on horizontal plane. And then you also have a lot of overhead stuff with your Olympic lives and just military stuff. Those are easier to implement. With the incline, you have a couple things that you have to address that are just a little bit different. Everything about the incline press is you can implement that within a couple of different parameters whether it's going to be horizontal presses or vertical presses. So you can put that in or whatever you need to and it's kind of a good change up even for a deal of week. So a couple of things we're thinking about real quick. Again, Derek's going to go ahead and lay down. He's going to, when we set up for the bench press, same basic thing as the bench press for the incline, that bar is going to be directly over the ice. So again, when the athlete goes in, obviously, I would normally be spot him, but when the athlete unraxed away is going to set up now over, over the chest. The difference is, when we tell for someone for a bench press to come down basically in that xi-fort process, that just, you know, blow that sternum area below the pecs up a rab area, it's a little bit different for the incline press. We want to come down higher just below the collarbone depending on the athlete. The key thing is, in the incline press, make sure that basically those that index finger in middle finger are directly above the elbow, right? And also, so if I'm drawn a straight line from my forearm, whether I'm talking about with the forearm should be straight up and down and when I'm talking from front to back, those elbows should be directly underneath. If I'm too high or too low, with most happens in one, too low, now those forearms are basically having an angle where they're shooting forward. And I'm going to lose power that way. So if I keep my shoulder blades retracted on that, just like I do with a bench press, and I bring that bar down to the correct point, I should be in the same area, in the same basic setup for the bench press. And it's just less coaching cues you got to use, right? So again, when I'm pressing the weight up, obviously, everything's the same for the bench press. Now, if I'm going to go ahead and use a closed grip, I suggest some verb beginners. Probably use the same grip for an incline press because you're not going to implement the incline press. Unless you're doing it every week, I would say just avoid various grips. But if you think you feel the need to do a closed grip in climb press, a lot of power will lift your shoes because it's a way to activate. Again, try to set up the delusional balance with that, getting the last involved. Now you just have to make sure that you tell the athlete, you got to bring that bar down a little bit lower. Anytime you have that grip farther inside, the bar's got to come a little bit lower, because if not, you're going to be doing just a modified jam press. So go ahead, press it up. Now, what happens is, if I'm going to go ahead and increase the incline, and again, use you anywhere, 45, it usually preset. Hopefully you can implement some different inclines, but again, where the athlete comes out, everything's going to be the same. Just understand that you're still doing the same basic coaching cue. Hope you don't get hit in the face here. And again, same basic thing. I'm going to be now coming down. Again, just below that clavicle and make it sure you're watching the athletes, watch their forearm angle. It should be straight up and down. Again, not too, not too, so much that their elbow should be directly underneath the base of those two fingers when they press it up. So that would be just a very basic structure for implementing those incline presses. And again, if we were going to go ahead and do the hiring client, then the J-Hope's got to come up or the bench has to come back as well if you have a hiring client. So make sure you make an oz adjustments. I know that's kind of, I hope that wasn't kind of sending just some basic cues to think about as far as if you can have the athletes touch in the proper place every time that again, they're going to be a better and better at that movement. And as for the strength, the gains are going to come, especially with the beginner. So, hope that helps.