You don't believe that you can do that way. If you don't believe that you can win, why should anybody else? So you've got to have that trust in yourself that you know that you can go in there and you can do it. And then it will manifest. So in my entire career, I've hit only two lifts ever that I bent over to pick the bar up and didn't think I was ever going to do it. And I've missed probably hundreds of lifts that I thought for sure there's no way I'm going to miss this. But what I'm starting to find as I'm getting a little bit more experienced is that I'm a little bit able to control that ego a little bit more and I'm not quite as tempted to feed it. Whereas I used to when I was a little bit more inexperienced, I'd say wow you know this 350 press feels easy to that usually it's heavy. Let me try the 37 D38. Let me go for a PR. Now it's getting the training, you know, train it perfectly and then hit it when it counts. It doesn't matter if you hit that 400 log or the 250 number or whatever and training if you can't do it in the contest. So use training for that purpose, you know, get stronger, get faster, get your conditioning up, get your technique down, get all those things so that you can show it on the contest day because that's when it really counts and nobody cares if you squat a thousand pounds in your garage, if you can only squat 500 on the platform. Some things that I've really been working on, I've cut back way, you know, I've cut back a lot on frequency. So when I was training for strong men, I was training, you know, five days a week, rather relatively low volume but I was training more frequently in the reason is because there are so many, you know, so many different things to train for, you know, you have to be fast, you have to be conditioned, you have to, you know, you have to be good at the log and the axle and the dumbbell, like, you know, it's not, there's not just one pressing event, there's not just one, you know, loading event, you have to load stones, you have to load kegs, you have to load sandbags, you know, all those things. So you need more days because you couldn't do them all at once. Now that I'm doing more powerlifting, it's a lot less, you know, frequency because I only have to train two or three lifts, you know. So that's all, you know, again, going back to that's just going to save my joints, you know, for the long run. So my undergraduate degree is in chemistry and I have a concentration in biochemistry and then my master's degree is in molecular biochemistry. My graduate research actually was on the production of catacolymes in rats. Basically what we did is we stressed them out as adolescents and then let them grow to full maturation and what we did is we ran field tests to see, you know, how doing with stress, you know, as a child, affects your ability to deal with stress as an adult. Then what we did is, you know, basically take them, make a puree of the brain. And detect, you know, how does that affect the chemical level, right? So which is basically, this is what's trauma in it. So trauma in is, here's the macro, okay, but what's going on in the micro, right? So that mindset helps me to kind of see what's actually happening and then look further into why is it happening and then I can work it backwards. Once I figure out why it's happening, change it, make what I want to happen and then from that pick up the actual physio thing that we're going to see. You know, really just, I started, you know, like I said, weight training at 14 years old and I wasn't like really the typical kid that you know, walked in and did some bench and some curls. You know, I walked, I remember this, there was, you know, the baseball program and I was unable to train with the baseball team when they trained immediately after school because my mom didn't get home from work until later. So she would take me to the champ. But I got a hold of the baseball workout. So what I would do is I would take the workout and I would go to the champ and then blow through the workout in one day, every single day. I'd blow through the entire week's worth of workout in one day. You know, and it was easy, I was like, oh, this is easy. And I was walking on the gym one day and the gym owner says to me, did you just bench yesterday? Yeah, of course, what are you talking about? And he's like, are you, don't you think you're overtraining? And I'm like, there's absolutely no way right now I'm overtraining. So I ran home in Google, what is overtraining. And I picked up all these training programs from that point on. It was just like, couldn't stop reading. So read everything possible that I could read. And from there, you read on, okay, well, my recovery sucks. Okay, well, I need to get into nutrition. Okay, so how do I improve my nutrition? And it's all, it all comes full circle. So you have to understand again, what's going on in the micro level to affect what's on the macro level. And it's just, you know, it's fascinating to me. You know, and I probably bore people when I talk about it, but, you know, some people care, oh, it affects it at times. You know, again, my recovery is a ton better because I, you know, I figure out, basically, the relevance of studies. You know, there are studies published every single day about these types of things, but your ability to be able to pick out the ones that are meaningful that actually will appear, you know, with some benefit is huge. You know, the ability to actually, you know, pick out those studies and figure out, like, which ones really matter, which ones you need to go through. And apply that. So, you know, again, I'm able to really look through things, see what matters and what I'll be up.