Okay, so the second part would be, word about, and try to implement an overhead press. Now again, some programs, you're not going to want to do over at press as well. With a kettlebell, it's a different type of movement than a dumbbell. So one of the things obviously, the way to distribute it differently. So one of the biggest obstacles that coaches get into is, if they want to do a single one press and every time we use a kettlebell or a dumbbell, we always did one at a time. The reason for that was because now I can get more athletes working at once. Obviously there's a unilateral effect. It's beneficial, but really, we can get more athletes working. So one of the things, the hardest issues in obstacles we have is to teach in order to do a press with a kettlebell. You have to teach the athletes to have to do a clean first, and that could be really awkward. The way I've learned was, again, almost having an inverted grip where I'm going to go ahead and point my thumb back to myself and then snap and that weight back up to my hand. So again, for this, might be a movement, and I'm not doing it very well anyway. That might be a movement. You don't want to spend time teaching your athletes. So one thing I learned from Rick Hater was a good friend of mine who coached with Todd Hammer. He knows his stuff, but he had a really simple, again, taking both hands like you're going to swing, coming through, swinging out in front, and then just pulling in. So, pulling out in front, pulling in. Now I'm going to have a rack position. So I'm evenly distributed my bicep, my chest, my forearm, my hand. This is a position after he's not going to be in. Sometimes they get too far inverted. You can keep them shoulder blades retracted so that they're nice and tight. The one thing you want to avoid is they're going to be who want to be here. Because that's how they do a barbell. That's how they use a dumbbell. So if you can get them in here, now again, my poem like I'm going to make a phone call. Now the press, you can have your athlete rotate their hand. But the one thing you have to avoid is that kettle ball works his way this way. That's how you end up having some injuries. So if anything, if you keep them in a neutral position, they have a little bit of stability. The one thing you don't want to do too, even with a neutral grip, avoid them having that external rotation. Remember, that weight's not in their hand. The weight is actually on their basic litter form. So it's going to be a lot more force on the outside. So make sure again, they're keeping it nice and tight. And then that's how you do your presses. Then you can incorporate any kind of overed press, your push press, and with that. Last two exercises we'll talk about is doing your basic movements. Right, I have a hinge, I have a squat, I have my presses. One thing with the squat we did, gobbis squat really about official. You can eventually get to the point where that same position, right, with the press. They can squat with that position. We have our athletes have their opposite hand out in front of them, help distribute your weight forward. Now I have a unilateral kind of bracing that I have to do when I'm doing that squat. But with the gobbis squat, there's a couple of ways. A lot of coaches want to teach, hold net the horns. One thing we found was that the athletes are really going to be lean forward, right? That weight is way out distributed for which helps them to sit back. But it helps the abs to have some rounding. So two variations we let our athletes choose to do would be, hold them by the horns only hold net weight upside down. Keeping it tight into the chest. Now I can bring those shoulder blades back, retract those shoulder blades, put them in my back pockets. Now I can keep a little bit tighter when I'm doing that gobbis squat. The other way is to just hold it by the actual belt itself, right? And now again, same thing, I can keep that tighter. I got my elbows in tight and I can go ahead and keep those in between in between my knees. Last two, with the row and single leg already out. Two very good. If you're teaching the hinge, obviously you'll probably, you might teach double first. That might be your progression into the swing. But the single leg stuff is really good. The thing you can do with the single leg is that you have the opportunity to have that kettlebell resting on the ground. Now, we're going to have to initiate more starting strength to overcome a nourishing and lift that weight up. Secondly, when any time you rest that kettlebell on the floor, it breaks up that concentric and eccentric train. I know Dave and Louie, we can talk about it forever. That's why you box a lot, right? Poor pressing another advantage of that. So again, from a single leg already up, situation, they can go ahead, get in that right proper position and then they can go ahead and just execute the movement. Coming back down nice slow and good. Trow it, resting. And every time you can assure that the athlete gets in a proper starting position. Same thing with the row. Staggered stance, shoulder blades back pocket, I keep in brace as opposite of opposite side. And again, now, same thing. shoulder blades back pockets retracted, not going to row up, come down rest. Again, break it up at each center, concentrate, train, kettlebells really beneficial for in season. So, hopefully those will help. A little bit wet, different way, a little bit single arm progression with the swing, high pull, snatch. Some different ways to get that into that rock position to over at press or to squat. Talk to a little bit about different variations of the gobbah squat. Two different ones, if you don't want to use the traditional hold by the horns. And then lastly, some of those, you know, breaking up that concept, your use center chain on single leg RDLs and single arm rows with that. So, hopefully those will give you some ideas. If you got a bunch of kettlebells, not for going out how they fit in your program, again, hopefully those will help a little bit. So, thanks.