Mark Woss, lead at DS.com, here at 11 athletics in Columbus, Ohio. Today we're talking about a couple exercises to develop rotational power. In the weight room, most exercises are done as a saddle plane, but are unfortunately on the field of a core, most those activities are done in that front or transverse planes. So here's just one exercise you can do to develop that power in that transverse type plane. So with the core posture, once you want to do the rotation of the power, the lower all of the arms are, the further the distance, the weight is from our center of gravity, so the heart is going to be. And with this exercise, much is more about rotation, so we're going to want to do is we want to generate the force for our back hip. This back hip is connected to the opposite shore. We want to make sure again when we rotate, we want to do this. Some of the stuff we have a clear part of that back hip, and we want to take a picture of the opposite front wall. So again, with that being said, that's what we're going to do at a power for a long level on from here and again. Pivot, rotate through and get that hip facing the opposite direction. I like to do one side at a time because of the end placement, but you can pull it inside of your body and you want to just wear it inside your doing. I would rather have that top-poom end to side of the table. While we're really doing that back hip through, the generate some force in generates power. So again, if you could exercise your work, you can't set up barbells in this fashion, so you can generate that power at transfer of exploitation power, very important for most board-chirmer work with it. Don't worry about simulating a cross shot or a baseball swing, just worry about getting that back hip through the generate force from the hip through the shoulders. That's the problem with translating to the field of the field. I want to be thinking about exposed movements with throws, with the Olympic lifts, what now? Can I borrow a swing? Sorry.