MarkWat, leadFTS.com. I'm here on the campus of our BANI University and this is part of our Sports Performance Coach Education Series. This week I'm going to talk about a subject that I went over at one of the NSEA coaches conferences and has developing a relationship between the Sports Coach which can actually play into and be similar to those same relationships that we have with administrators or parents too if you're in that private facility. Hopefully this presentation will give you a couple of ideas on some different ways to think about how you interact with some of those other professionals that are involved in the development of athletes. So the reason why I talk one of the talk about this was there's some stresses that happen with strengthening and sports performance. I know that in the past we've talked a little bit about some of those different factors that happen. Really when you're looking at the job security aspect of the profession it really is. There's a lot more coaches in there are coaching jobs we've already talked about that but when you're growing about why it's important to develop that relationship with that Sports Coach. It really is to me talking with some of the round tables with the young strength coaches corner have done in the past as the CSCCA and NSEA conferences that really is besides the job security and being away from family and moving family across the country and those just the nature of the profession. The other factor that really puts a lot of stress on coaches was that relationship with the Sports Coach. There are some nightmare stories about some of these Sports Sports coaches are very difficult to work with. Some are in a situation where it's great and I think it's one of those things. We're really happens is a lot of times the Olympic Sports coaches football basketball a lot of times they bring in their own guys who subsequently bring in their own guys or women. With the Olympic coach a lot of times you inherit teams and sometimes the Sports Coach doesn't get the pick you. The director of strength the audition picks you and so it's really crucial to develop that relationship. It is a huge stretch. Think about it as a strength the audition coach. When you get a new coach in the department the amount of work that you have to do to get that build that relationship and get it a working environment that is conducive to athletes success. There's a lot of stress with that and again with from a professional development standpoint remember that a lot of your recommendations you're going to get are going to be from Sports Coach's and that's sometimes that's the first person people call. They might not call your director of strength the audition they may call the Sports Coach that you work with with those teams. It's really important that we try to develop those relationships. Hopefully this presentation will help you with that. Let's talk about a couple things with understanding the Sports Coach and this is something that a lot of times young strength coaches don't really understand. Number one is they have more invested than you when it comes to their team. They might have spent close to a year even longer recruiting those young men and women. Spending time they've been there for their assistance on the phone with these young men and women corresponding with them via email social media, tax and whatever they're allowed to do home visits having the kid on campus. They've put a lot of time into this individual and when they get on campus and the first time you see them they don't know how to squat and your first assumption is that they're a third. That's that's that's hard for that Sports Coach to take because they that young man or young woman are really is they brought them in because they feel like they can help the program and so you have to understand is that you don't have as much invested in that young man or woman as a Sports Coach does. So that's one thing that I hope you're relation with that. They're protective of their teams. Again, what it comes to working them out too hard and not working them hard enough, they are protective of the young man and women because again it goes back to that investment piece. They might not trust you. You know, I talked about this in a couple different log posts that I have is again one of the biggest mistakes that we make a straight coaches is when we come to a Sports Coach and say I can help your kids get better because I know this is this. What you're doing is not good enough what you're doing is in helping them and all of a sudden this Sports Coach is get offended. This happens a lot in a private sector and one thing to understand is that they don't know you. They've never seen you coach. They don't know if you have the best interest of the athlete at hand. Remember, a Sports Coach's perception of a straight-the-edition coach is highly dependent on one their past experiences in two. A lot of times social media or what they've seen in the media of what a strength coach should be. So they might have some bad experiences with strength coaches. They might have just they just might not really see the value in them. And again, that's that goes to the last point is that really, you know, that's the toughest part about a professional is that we're in a profession in Sports Performance where no one has really clearly been able to define what comprehensiveness and what really the value that we have and how do we determine whether we're doing a good job or not. No one has really kind of determined this is objective proficiency as a strength coach. You know, we base it off injuries or we base it off of performance in a weight room. We base it off wins and losses and everybody knows that those aren't very accurate to really determine the worth of a strength coach. Sports coaches are in the same boat where they have wins the losses next to their name. You as a strength coach don't. So all of a sudden now they don't know what to do with you. They don't know whether you're a good strength coach or not. What framework reference would they have? And even if they do have a framework reference, it's not necessarily objective. So that's one thing to think about. All right, communication strategies and we'll talk a little bit about a couple of these. Being proactive and having an initial meeting with the sport coach, I think is important. And I think with that initial meeting, there's a couple of things. First of all, ask questions. That's really a big thing that people just don't want to, they want to, as soon as they come into that meeting, they want to tell them about what they can do and what their program is. Strength coaches is one thing I hope you out. As soon as you walk into that room with that sport coach, it's not your program. It's the program of that sport. It's the head coaches program. You are now an assistant. Like Joe Ken has told me number of times as a head strength coach. You're the head coach of the weight room. You're not the head coach of any sport. So that's one of those things that they were knowing that ahead of time really helps. Know the expectations of what is that sport coach looking for? What did they want out of you? A lot of times you might think that they either want you heavily involved. Sometimes they might know they just don't want that much impact from you or input from you. So it's important to understand what your role was, what the expectation of that sport coaches of you. They might not be determining your worth the same way you feel you should be, but if you know that ahead of time, that'll help. And then lastly, again, being open book, you know, just, you can't be that guy, listen, you're not selling any book online, you're just, tell them, listen, this is what we've done the past. These are the issues, these are the problems, this is what we want, this is what we feel we can do. So just being open book, but at the same time, you're there to listen for expectations. And I hope you, that'll start the relationship off in the right frame of mind. You know, provide the coach your training program, that's one of those things that you've done in the past. And just understand is that it's really, again, goes back to the frame of reference. They might not have the same opinion or viewpoint of what a strengthy addition program could be. So when they're looking at your program and they're going through your entire, you know, entirely plan, they might know the difference of what's effective and what's not. They might not know the rationale of what's there, what's not, but at least you can provide them with listen, this is what we did in the past. And again, in this set, it up for the next kind of phase that we'll talk about in a couple minutes about, you know, that relationship and how to really kind of come, come up with some solutions, um, invite a new training session, especially if they get on mid to your invite a new training session of another team and be careful, they might assume that this is going to be identical to what we do with your team. They, but at least we give them an idea. What they want to see, all the will make the most impact on those coaches is how you relate to the players, how the players relate to you, how you relate to your systems, and how the players relate to your systems. You're not impressing them with with your post-activation potential, training, and you're, you know, that you're on block periodization, and you're in your channel and you're tasting it. They don't even know what that is, but what they do know is they know when a coach has an impact on a player, and that's what they're looking for, and that's why you want them to see how you interact with athletes, and I think that'll help you in the long run. And again, get feedback. Coach, would you like about the program? Coach, what would you do differently? Put your ego aside. Listen, you could, your ego might be the first thing that'll, that'll, to get you to start substituting somewhere, because you're not able to get along with others. You gotta understand that, you know, you have to, you know, your, what you know is important. What you know, your bur personal beliefs and your principles, you have to stick with, but at the same time, be at least, get your ego to the side, at least long enough to understand what to coach once. All right, so, going through, creating the culture, that's one thing that I think is really important that coaches really have to understand, and if you're, the more defined your culture is, the easier it is for that sport coach to at least understand that you're someone that sticks with your principles. So you're very looking at, again, with the off season. And again, there's not really a need to justify anything. I used to hear that sometimes in the off season, you need to really push that envelope a little bit. Sometimes you have to do some things to, to make sure that those athletes are have, you know, have that little bit of a shared suffering where they hate your guts after the workout, but they understand the worst thing you can do as a strength coach. This is, this is a little bit of a side note. The worst thing you do as a strength coach is have the athletes leave your sessions or at the end of the cycle, they say, well, we, I don't know if we did enough. I don't know if coach pushed us hard enough or we did enough, we worked hard enough to, to get better. And again, anytime they question that, that's when that's when, you know, all of a sudden the trust starts to fall through a little bit. So, and again, so you really need to make sure that you're, you're, you're setting those smartly set-knows athletes up for success and making sure they're going to be able to handle the rigor's further on in the season. In season wise, listen, this is, this is one of the biggest things that there was a biggest frustration for me. I wish I would have handled a little bit better, but it's, I really learned a lot and I got a lot of stores from all of the coaches. Listen, with the in season, you cannot get those athletes sore. Because again, all of the takes is one half, he'd say, man, I am, strings are sore and all of a sudden, or my shots off or whatever. And next, you know, that coach, whether he understands why or not, all he knows is one of his best players is not at the top of their game and he blames you as a strength coach. So, make sure that again, do everything you can to get those athletes adapted to the stimulus that you're going to give them in the season. And then really, you know, you have to be insanely adaptable. You know, one of the things that, you know, the, the benefits of that non-linear pair ofization to be able to adapt on a day-to-day basis again, you're going to get in a season and you're going to have athletes that come off of, you know, an insane conditioning session, or they're going to be an hour later, an hour early or an hour early or an hour early or an hour range, so they want to come in and lift on a day that, you know, the further third day and row, you have to be adapted. That's what you're a professional, your coach, you have to be able to make adjustments on the fly and that's really what, what, separate some of the coaches from good to average. So, and again, the one things to do that, I think the things that coaches want to see more than anything, rather, right or wrong, is competition between the athletes. I'm not advocating record boards, I'm not advocating that you have, you know, two athletes wrestle over a stick or be the, be the crap out of each other. I'm not saying that, but athletes want to be able to be pushed and coaches relate that to on the field or on the court success. So, anytime you can have some kind of competition, whether it be anything from pull-ups to a tug of war to just anything community service, if you can be the facilitator of that competition, that can, in the coaches mind, not saying it will or not, but in the coaches mind, he feels that that will carry over. She feels that will carry over to the, to the field of court. So, again, that's one of the things that he gets more buy and so, moving on. So, coaches, misconceptions, again, there's a couple here. You probably have seen a lot more, but you know, that's that's the good thing about these. Hopefully, people will be able to interact with them and kind of give us some, so, some endpoints. So, again, a lot of times, you know, have on my coach for a female athlete, they have this misconception that the physiology from a training standpoint for males and females are so grossly different that, you know, things have to be totally different. And again, you know, women's basketball player can't train like a men's basketball player. And obviously, we all know that there's always some, some things that you have to address when you're working with female athletes, but from a training standpoint, I think any time that you can make sure that it's a level that we're going to, we're going to make sure that we're pushing our athletes and works, our expectations are high for those athletes, regardless, I think is important. So, really getting, you know, to the, sometimes those, those females, the, the people, sport coaches, you know, they, the same thing, we've been fighting a strength coaches for, it seems like decade now. I'm, my athlete's going to be big and bulky. Why do they need a strength training? They're, and again, you have to fight that dinosaur mentality and education is one of your jobs and you've been a sense of education, which are colleagues. So, injury concerns, obviously, you know, you know, while you're, while you're doing the biggest reason, you know, you know, performance enhancement and injury reduction are the two biggest goals and are one and the same. You know that some sport coaches equate injury to lifting weights could actually increase their chance of getting injured, whether it be in the weight room or in the long run. So, and again, I've run into the situation where you try to, you know, push the envelope when you come to the strength training and those athletes are so detrained that they never really can, can, can catch up and all of a sudden that can lead to a little more fatigue on the field. So, you have to be careful with that, but again, it comes back to you have to be educating you have to passion and make sure that it to sport coach knows. Again, long, long slow distance training, you know, that's the thing, you know, how many coaches one still do a mild test with all the research and all the things that you can get a better sports specific energy system test, you still have, you know, multiple mild tests that coaches want to do and I think it really comes down to, you know, you, again, continue to educate. That's why it's important because the more coaches you talk to, the more ammo you have. Knowledge when you get from other straight coaches is what you use to help advocate for your athletes to your sport coaches as crazy as that sounds. Go to conferences so you have ammo so you can advocate for your student athletes in spite of what your sport coach wants you to do with them. Crazy concept, but that's really where we're at right now. Outside in the absence of evidence, you know, those all kind of run together. Again, you know, the, the outside influences, this school one in actual championship, we're going to do what they do. I did this when I was in college 20 years ago, we're still working then, it's going to work now. Those are the battles you have to fight. Those are the things that you have to continue to educate coaches on. This is why they do if they're not in the same situation as us coach or, you know, when you were able to network with a much, with a much, much people, you know, it was always nice because I won the best strength coach, but I was at least when it'd be able to talk to with many coaches I could and the best thing I could ever do was say, well, no coach, I just talked to someone. So this is what they do. Here's someone's program and it's just amazing where the those misconceptions happen and that just come back to to networking. So okay, so some of the frustration, I'll list a couple frustrations here. I think I have about five or so. How strength coach you get frustrated with sport coaches and we'll go through this. So one of frustrations is using their program, right? It doesn't happen so much at the bigger schools, but it's a small school, it believe me, it happens. Here's the program we've used, this is what I'm we're doing. Gotcha. Okay, so a couple of things that will help you is, again, ask those questions. And again, it depends how you ask those questions, how you bring this up to the sport coach. So again, here's a couple of things I like to do. It's asked me where to get it, right? And I'll tell you, right? It's from some other school where they're buddy drew it up or they got it from a website or whatever. How long have they used it? Why do they like it? How long they used it? They might be not used it before. Why do they like it? They probably won't be able to answer that. Maybe they can, and again, how are they evaluated? So really coach, what have this given you results before? How do you know? Have you tested? Have you, you know, as the injury is gone down, whatever it may be? The point is with these four questions is that there's a very good chance that the coach might not know the answer to that. And it might not give you, it's not trying to be combative or confront the coach. But what it will do is in a long one, it'll give you more ammo and more of a level playing field to stand on when it comes back to less reevaluate what we're doing. Here comes the year two, you can go back to those questions and now you can really make some differences because, and again, regardless, if they're determined that's the program you're doing, then you have to do your best to make it your own, right? Redue the program into your Excel sheet and all of a sudden now again. If you're somebody that, you know, and again, they might have a program that's seen this before. And this is, you know, it'd be crazy if I'd told you all the stories that I've heard and that I've went through. But, you know, sometimes we've had coaches that, you know, hey, we want to do this machine and that coach, we don't even have that machine. We want to be, you know, we want to do we use nothing but, you know, nothing but we need to be a little bit less. And at the time I didn't have any, I didn't have any bumpers. We need to, you know, kettlebells are a thing now. It's like, I, well, okay, we've got to buy me some kettlebells and coach. They might not even know that stuff. So again, you are the one that has to make it, again, if they're set on that program, make it your own, right? And again, I have a coach that want to do circuit training, late in the season. Right when they got to, to conferences in the national, they wanted to do circuits. So we did circuits. We did sets of three with a lot more rest in with that circuit. And if you came a complex set of a circuit, try to make it my own because I knew it was best for the athletes and still tried to make sure that I was adhering to what the coach wanted. So make that program your own and just make sure that you, you get as much information as you can because it will help you and longer as much as that other coach. All right, scouter changes. This happens. And again, we talk about adaptability. It's the number one thing that I think helped me out more than anything is it's learned to be adaptable, that there's so many more ways that you can do things. And so, constant feedback from coaches and athletes, that's going to help you out a lot. Really, just make sure that there's so many times that I knew that they're lifting session with your cancel, added, or the time was changed through an athlete in passing. So having that relationship with those athletes sometimes is very important. Over-communicate, make sure that, you know, to me, I would try to stop and see a sport coach every single day if I could. I'll be honest, I didn't, but that was one of the intentions. And every day I did and I felt bad, I just, I wanted to be able to talk to every coach that coach we'd good for today. Six, fifteen, look good, how you doing. And again, spark up that conversation. That goes back to the relationship you're trying to have with them anyway. So again, because now the sudden, at least you can, you know those changes ahead of time. Adjust on the fly, that season, and you should be able to, that's why a lot of the workout sheets we had. We'd use a lot with you know, bolded, bolted, you know, a tile size, you know, just, parentheses, just any kind of thing we could do is say, okay, if we're, if we cancel lifting two days out from a game and we're going to do the day before a game, now we can use that same workout, so not to print out a whole new workout sheet or revamp the whole program, but I could adapt with, with just that particular program. Hey, listen, replace this with this, you know what I'm doing? These many sets here, and let's go ahead, drop 10% with this with this presenter. Whatever may be, however you need to adapt it, but again, that's really important to make sure that you're not driving yourself bonkers by making all these vastment of changes, make sure that you have the program itself set up that it's adaptable enough that you can make those changes without, without driving yourself crazy. And again, winning doubt, like I said, do the essentials first, winning doubt, get the athlete stronger. Don't worry about the specifics of movement pat just get them, you know, it's just one of some of my herf and gymwinder. At the end of the day, if you have athletes, it can squat very well and it can jump pretty well and they can press pretty well and just do the basic movements they're going to be okay. And then, and went in down, get them, basically moving in a full range of motion and a smart low volume high intensity type program and that's going to carry over. And again, I'd rather rather to err in the side of under training than over training, trying to get too cute. So next thing is going to be deleting exercises. And I think that's one thing that, really, this comes to a coach doesn't want to do this exercise. I've had your coach doesn't want to do a little bit less. Coach doesn't want to do, they don't want to squat, they don't want to, whatever you heard it. People are afraid of certain exercises and what I should be afraid of certain coaches. But regardless, here's one thing, make sure a couple things. Before you go crazy about listen, we have to do this. Like if a coach told me, listen, I don't want any kind of squat whatsoever. That'd be the hardest thing for me. But I've been in a situation where I've got coach did not want to do box jumps. All right, we're just jumping place. Oh, which once we got a soft foam boxes, you know, she, you know, still didn't want to jump because she thought she could get hurt jumping. And, you know, no matter what kind of research I had with how the landing mechanics was associated with ACL injury, all that it didn't matter. She just added, she did not want them jumping on anything. So we just jumped in place, which is probably more impact than whatever, but we got a training effect than I was fine. Make sure that you can justify it. Make sure you have every reason to say, listen, coach, we have to do this because of this. And again, I think it's one of those battles. It's a re-roar care for what battles you have to choose. Because again, if something does go wrong, someone is sore, someone does get hurt. Whatever. Now, you know, you have that thing where a coach said, I told you not, I didn't want that in there. So that's important. You know, do you have enough evidence to support it? You know, it's the same with that's why as much data you can get with, you know, the reason why our athletes squat below parallel or right, you know, for us it was right at parallel. You know, it was just, we had that ammo so we can go back and just say, listen, this is why we're doing this, this is why we're going to justify it. And again, is it a suitable alternative? You know, and again, if you have a coach that does not want to do Olympic lifts, can you find other ways to develop explosive power? If the answer is no, then I don't know. You're not a very good coach, I guess. You have to be able to find, you know, I was in a situation where I went from going from west side barbell and mixing with Olympic lifts, I didn't know what I was doing to I went to the high-intensity capital of the world. And I had some coaches call me on and say, okay, what are you doing this? And I at first while I couldn't answer it, which meant I wasn't a very good coach, but second of all, the fact that I couldn't answer it meant I better rethink of why I'm doing what I'm doing. So, I probably, I think you want to bank on. If I have to go someone I have nothing but machines, I can get athletes stronger. If I go to a facility I have nothing but platforms and bumpers, I can get athletes stronger. If I have, you know, I have everything I need, I have the bands and chains that I want, all those things, I can get athletes stronger. And that's really what you have to be able to do. You know, if you, if your program is set and your philosophy, your principles are set on one specific movement, then again, I think you need to expand your knowledge base. So, that's just my opinion. All right, frustrated, adding exercises. So, again, they want you, this is when the sport coach wants you to add it. So, this happens a lot of times, too. Most times they don't know why they want you to add it. They just want you to add it. So, I think you have to make sure, again, is it dangerous? Is it a dangerous movement? Is it going to put your athletes at danger? That's the number one thing. And then again, if it does, obviously, you need to be able to address that. And then, you know, that's where, that's one of the conversations you get a little tricky. Can you exercise? Be implemented. That's the other thing, too. I want our athletes to be able to do this, this, and this. Well, I talked about it before. Coach, we don't have that equipment, or we don't have the time to do that. You know, we want an coach that wanted to be able basically that old test, where we're going to measure the first 40, the second 40, the third 40 of a 120, and to be able to determine whether the athlete needed what kind of speed component they would need. And we just didn't have the technology to do that accurately. You know, and it's one of those things where it just, if you can't implement it, you can't do that because those times, space, whatever, that's the one thing. That's the logistical fight now. Now you're going to say, listen, Coach, we just don't have that. You know, the whole thing with athletes wanted to use, and this is no against nothing gets some basic equipment, but verte maxes were one of those things. Like, you know, coach, are you paying for it? And can I store it in your office? Because I don't have the room for some of these things. So it's one of those things that that's what you have to communicate. But then that's not because you don't like the exercise. But is it safe and can I implement it? Don't get it. Don't make emotions are not part of it. Again, if you don't have a choice with it, I had a coach that again, wanted us to do, do wanted us to do dep jumps. High dep jumps, regardless of body weight, and he wanted high volume one. Right? Most coaches say, the only thing I can do was I coach them on technique, on landing, was able to progress, try to get them on lower boxes, try to get them to be able to educate the other coach. I'll see. See, listen, look at how this athlete is landing. We need to go on a lower box because of this is an S. If not, you just got to continue to roll with it, or you have to be able to, you know, stand for, you know, what you believe in. If you really think it's you're going to add an athlete hurt, then that's a conversation you have to have. You always have to weigh with right, with with right, with my feeding my family. That's sometimes that's a question that you have to ask and strengthen your nation. It's the shame it does, but sometimes that comes up. All right, so testing, this is another frustration. I think it's the last one. You know, what do they want? You know, I had an athlete. I spent a lot of time on developing a profile with looking at different things. The 10, the 40, the 5, 10, 5, the 3-conjure because it's seen if there's a difference in the correlation between the vertical job, the standing broad job, and all the weight re-mectarides. We give the coaches his data and okay, and you care. You know, you give an athlete there 40 times and when you test them, you spend a whole day testing and you know, you tend to hold training day testing and you give them the coach already knew the fastest athletes were anyway. So we said, all right, listen, we're just going to make them race and say listen, here's your job. You don't care about the times anyway. And depending on the school you're at, you have such a small window. You have like a six, seven week, eight week period, then you have like six, seven, eight weeks, we're not doing that specific training. Then you have some time off. And by the time you test them a year later, those fitness qualities, you know, have a doubt that are changed, maybe not based on the training or inspired the training. So it really is one of the things. Make sure that the coach really wants that testing. You know, one of the numbers mean we talked about that, you know, you know, when will they need the data? That's the other thing too. Some coach, I've had a coach that listened. We have one group testing. I want to see the first group that just got finished. I want there's numbers during the second group testing period. I've been in ass situation. I have some coaches that, you know, and again, that's your job as you get that coach to the information. So make sure you're doing that in a timely manner, whatever they want. I wouldn't give them anything more than with the ask for. But whatever you feel will help that coach have a better insight on how the athlete is performing number one and two, how your program is helping those athletes. That's the other thing about testing. It's the one thing that you can do besides truck and swimming. It's one of the only objective data pieces that you'll have for that sport because the numbers don't lie. So that's a way for you to advocate for your own program as well, by giving them the data. And again, you know, is there all turnips that test me talk about that? Last man standing. I mean, you know, you could do a bunch of different different drills, you know, going old school and having two athletes race is just probably one of the best things that we implement at last. We shot a figure before hand. So questions on this. Again, with this, will you be holding hands skipping on campus with your with your sport coaches after this? Well, all your parents have come to your facility, give you rave reviews on faith. I don't know. I just know that again, you know, sometimes the biggest culprits for us as coaches that get in away is ourselves in his our own ego. So understanding where the sport coaches coming from, understanding what they have invested, what they have deluses in your role and how you can facilitate success for those athletes and for that team is important. Understanding the roles, one thing I learned that for a for a sport coach, the head football coach has to worry about the program first, then the team. And if that's important, there's a difference. The program, the team, then the athlete. As a strength coach or an athletic trainer, you have to be the opposite. It has to be the athlete, then the team, then the program. And I think that's the one thing that sometimes that is the relationship that gets in the way sometimes with the strength coach and make sure you visit alitfds.com and make sure again if you have any other ideas that have helped you as a coach, please make sure you add those on because it's very important that we continue this conversation and the whole reason for this is to make sure that we have some dialogue that will help other coaches that have to deal with the same thing. You know, sometimes I get some feedback with, you know, the most important thing we're coaching is, you just have to develop a good relation. You have to be a nice guy and spend time with the sport coaches or you have to really care about the athletes. Like, I know that. You know, everybody knows that. If you don't, if you don't have that desire to help athletes and if you're if someone doesn't want to get along with anybody, then why are you coaching? But is there specific strategies that help you facilitate a better relationship with those sport coaches? And that benefited your athletes and they're training. That's the kind of dialogue that we want and that's what's going to help us as coaches move on. So again, tune in the lead up to S. Calm, we'll see you next time.