It's Ken and Cherry, welcome here from LeadFTS.com. We're going to go over a couple of things that we think are really important as far as a technique for kettlebell instruction here. One of the things that I think is really underutilized properly is a kettlebell clean. What we want to do is go over some of the mechanics and the directory of the kettlebell to show you how to clean the bell properly so you can get into a proper position for either doing a press or a jerk. We got a couple of things that we'll get cherry to show you to start off with. I want to make sure that you want to turn to the side of the cherry. What I want to really show to start off with is just your hip and your shoulder relationship when you're using a kettlebell. It's always going to be an opposite direction so if your hips are forward or backwards in this position and your shoulders are forward, then as you go into the other positioning you're going to be putting your hips forward and your shoulders back. What we're going to do is cherry's going to demonstrate how to do a clean. We're going to start off just by telling you that one of the things that people do when they're cleaning a kettlebell is that they bring the kettlebell out too far and let the kettlebell flop over under their arm. Really, it's a lot simpler than that. What we need to do is when we'll get cherry if you want to just do a few low swings actually first. You can see that when she's doing this, her hip and shoulder relationship is always seizing back and forth. We need to do is we just need to bring the kettlebell out just far enough past your quads just to pull it up into a clean position. We don't want to have it come way out and then flop over onto your arm. Basically, just going to pull it up and let it flop over. One of the things that you need to do is you see that cherry has, I don't know if you can turn, but her hand is relaxed. The biggest problem that a lot of people do when they get started too is that they want to hang onto the kettlebell a little bit too long and they grip onto a two-tight and they don't want to relax. One of the things that you need to do for a brief second when you pull the kettlebell up is just to release it momentarily and let it hang onto your hand. You can see the way that she's holding onto it is that the kettlebell is up in between her forefinger and thumb and then there's no space between her wrist here so the kettlebell is actually sitting onto her forearm there which is the best position. You also see when she leans backwards like this that it has a good landing position. She has a good landing position. If you're sitting up two, two, forward upright then the kettlebell really doesn't have a place to land and it's going to fall over and it's not really going to be in a good position to launch. But when you have your hips forward and your shoulders back you've got a nice foundation for that kettlebell to be on and you also want to if I can get you to turn this way for a second. Before you launch that kettlebell you never want to have it outside. You always want to think about your center of gravity up through the center of your body so you're always going to check when you get the kettlebell up into the clean position here that your thumb is basically in the center of your sternum that you're connected with your elbow and the kettlebell is actually resting on your bicep, your forearm and your hands. So if I go up and press down there she's got a really good foundation to launch that kettlebell straight up. So one of the things if we can just get switched sides okay, if you one of the things we'll see just do a couple more clean quick and then I'm going to show you a little bit of a drill that's going to be excellent for you to learn how to properly do the clean. Okay. So what I want to do, what I'm going to get sure to do is if you just want to turn a little bit more is that I'm going to get her to hold her hand against her leg when she's doing her low swing okay and basically that's all you need to do. You don't have to have that kettlebell come out any farther because you don't want to get it away from your body. You want to keep it as close to your center of gravity as you can. So you can see that same thing with her hip shoulder relationship it's always forward, backwards, forward, backwards, forward, backwards. So that when she brings that kettlebell out just in front of just high enough that all she needs to do is pull up and let go of the kettlebell and slide it onto her hand. So she's completely releasing that kettlebell. She's in an excellent position there. She's got no gap between the kettlebell and her wrist, center of the sternum and she's already to launch that kettlebell. One of the things too that you're going to notice that a lot of people are just manipulating her that go along here. But just do your hips forward and back as sure. Sometimes the biggest secret for this going forward and backwards because this is basically the foundation of everything that you're going to do with a kettlebell as far as a snatch goes or as far as pressing or jerks is that between these two, between these two movements of having your hips forward shoulders back, you want to make sure that you get a little bit of knee dip. So let's just do that that low swing again, Sherry. So you can see that in between the shoulder hip relationship, she's always bending the knees. So bend the knees, bend the knees, bend the knees. If you keep those knees straight, then you're not going to be able to load up your hips to fire that kettlebell up when you go to launch it either into a snatch or into a jerk position. So between the shoulders forward, hips back, you always want to put a little bit of a dip. So it's just shoulders back, dip, shoulders forward, dip, shoulders back, dip, shoulders forward, dip. So just try that one more time, Sherry. Just put the low swing. So you can see how she's always bending your knee and that's going to be the same way that when you descend on the kettlebell snatch or when you come down from a press and reclean it into a for a little long cycle, you're always going to be bending your knees to absorb that kettlebell and load your hips up so you can fire it up. Okay? Couple more and just pull the clean, just to see couple more, just to show it. We'll do it one from the side, one from the front. And before you just go, continuous to go, one of the best things to do when you're first beginning is we'll do a couple of low swings and then a clean Sherry. So keep your arm attached, keep your arm form attached there. So we'll do two and then pull. Okay? And drop it down. So it's side again. So two, pull. And you notice that when you take the kettlebell off from the clean position into down when you go to reclean it, is that she's not firing that kettlebell out. Remember that she wants to keep it so it drops right down on front of her as closer to her center of her gravity. So basically all she really needs to do is just push out with her shoulder and just let it fall down. And then you see when she bends her knees and gets your hips back, she can load her hips back up to fire it back up. And that's going to be the foundation especially for your snatch when you get into trying to absorb that weight from the top of the snatch into this position as well too. So that's one of the key things that you can work on. And I think that this is going to be really helpful to improve your technique with the kettlebell technique.