The first time I ever been to 135, I was like, this is really awesome. And I was like, at the time I weighed 130, so I was like, this is nobody else can do this. So it was like maybe I can meet good at it. And then I just started getting lifting heavier. There was another girl that was there. She was about my size and she was strong. And I said, she can do it, I can do it. And with bodybuilding, it's so subjective, it just depends on, you know, if you're either right thing that morning, you drink too much water, you can work for months and get on stage and be your best and still not walk away in a really clean satisfy. Empower lifting, you have to move the way that you don't. It has to be going into the gym, just getting into the gym as a goal. And then setting many goals after that as to reaching certain levels. So just the training itself is a goal. I think they kind of see that there's something like churning or burning inside. I think that's more of the question. Usually it's not like as far as training or who I'm training with or what I'm eating. It's really early, how I'm perceiving it. That's not usually the question. It's like, oh my gosh, you seem like such a sweet girl. Oh my god, but you, like I've never seen you. Or I'm surprised you train. I'm surprised you want to be as big as you want to be. You know, one of the things that's really amazing about training is if you're an intrinsic person which I am, you're always kind of reevaluating, hey, this is where I am today. Have I gotten any better, you know, what can I do? I don't know that when I ever step on the platform, obviously I have goals, but they're just to continue to push higher. To reach higher. I don't think that they're to ever get any kind of a water, you know, ranking. I don't know that matters. The most that I've learned from this whole crazy sport of bodybuilding, which I don't recommend, do powerlifting, is you've really got to know what matters to you. You've got to know what you like, what kind of package you want to bring. The second you get caught up, and what the judges want, is when things start heading south real fast. I wish that the competitions were not quite as political as they are, and I found that out as I became a better competitor. And it bothered me that the person who worked the hardest was not always the person who was rewarded. And not only that, but it's really hard when you have reached a point that you're physically happy with how you look, and you certainly feel like there's things that you can improve upon, but you are satisfied with yourself and yourself efficacy. Because that's important. And then you get on stage, and you get torn apart. Basically, by people you might never see again, or you may see often, or people that really shouldn't have such a say in how you feel about yourself. I have a lot of people who say, while you're pretty muscular, or, you know, how bigger your arm is having to measure your arm's things like that. I think that the tricky part is, there's a lot of women look at me and go, while you look great, but I could never look like that. My response is the why not.