What I've done is not have a lot of time invested in the game. To where I've done and I've been very organized with trial and error, made a lot of notes, and I'm getting anything on myself. So something doesn't have worked for me. Then I have clients who want to try it and then it starts to have a bigger amount of people that are doing and you can see whether it's a factor. And in my opinion, the guy with the PhD is always going to say that the guy with the PhD is a way smart and people without him. Maybe, but I would take, and again, because I don't have one, and I have the trial and error in the experience, I would always want to go with someone who can see it happen, try to make a different way and come to a conclusion. That's what's made. But you got a lot of higher rates when it's a year. That's what I do. So the ideas are destroying me so that people who have PhDs and then some other stuff. Sir, what do you know about why I have to do this? I have to do this because I have to do this every stretch I didn't want to. What do you, like, you're trying to get on? My trial and error. Yeah, that's the research I've recorded on. Yeah, but it's not that critical. It's not that you can't get on the wall, it's just a jam. And because of that, that's not to take out the job. Fair enough. I've got to appreciate that. I've also done the PhD guys that have the number of PhDs in the right. Right. So what you need is, if you mean someone who has both, and you don't usually find them. Yeah. No, that's cool. It's what it is, is that even in here for a week, I'm better than I want my white picks. I mean, you should have a translate for me. I can stand it like, woo. I can't get on the axel. It's cool. It's cool. I try to take all the inches out. And I sound stupid. I have every 10, I want to start going to the toilet. I don't really need to try it. I don't do that. Anyway, it is very cool. Let's take a good week. Thank you. I can get it out. Um, again, I've just got it cardio in, I can get it. I don't want to give it any more importance, but anymore, it's a bit of a kind of good. Then I feel that it means putting it in, taking it out. Just like you would, mother calories, change your calories, keep body up. That's not bad. But anytime your body can get used to what it's doing, it's just going to sit there. It likes to sit there. It likes to have to be there. It does a lot of muscle. It doesn't want a lot of muscle. It doesn't want a lot of muscle. It doesn't want a lot of body fat. You got to really work. It's just, and you know, too, you got to work to put on some body fat. That's why people, you know what? This is not happening fast enough. Well, you put it on over five or ten years. You expect it to be on five weeks that really is an empty week. So you've got to work equally as hard to get it on. It's just, you know, it's just a bit of a mess. And I say that day like I want to pick it up. And it's just a bit of a mess. And I say that day like I want to pick it up. Anybody but I did that. It was really a great follow-up on my favorite thing. Nutrition supplements, skin loading. This one is just when I can talk for everything. It's always takes a while. Nutrition is my thing. And I put on a change to, I separate it because, basically nutrition, basic nutrition with your car protein. I mean, it's just everybody's known for something I guess. Day to full on those, the keto guy. Chris Isido is a high carb guy. I'm not known for that. I'm known for eating a lot of egg, cakes, and the pie cards, and the high carb, it's simple. So if you, I think I just got you. You open your eyes a little bit right there. But just that I want to try something. I have that old for the reasons because of the way that my dieting is relatively unorthodox. I've battled with a lot of critics over the years. Because it seems at first to be very, very much a bad type of diet. When you say, oh, I think it's your ready for a show. Eating pop cards and pancakes. That's a line you would see on an informal show around Oprah or something. I don't know. So it's not, and that's a little misleading anyway because you don't eat that stuff every day. I don't know what you guys know. This far as the other things that are out there, the novel approaches out there now with if it fits your macros and what is that? I, I, I, I, yeah. Yeah, just put a bunch of letters with it. Oh, something, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's stuff. Yeah, what was the other one? Fasting. What was the intermittent fasting? It was the intermittent fasting. That's, so yeah, I have got high enough old people. Oh, you wait until I don't know there's so many of my cake keep tracking. The part of the reason for that is because the market with the nutritionists are saturated anyway and they know the experiment of the novel, no food is going to pay attention to me unless I come out with something ridiculous. And you can only really see, there's only so much you can do. And I think there's a good point of being said, well, when I'm going to kick me to critical because you have your protocol seems, you know, a little, what's quite an interesting question. Mine is, but mine is logical. It has been proven over thousands of clients over, about 10, 12 years. So I always say, look, I'm not here to sell anybody from anything. I just put the information out that you guys decide if it's something that you're interested in doing or if you think it's not something that doesn't work out fine either way. I don't know step out of the stage when next time I get up there with no skin. And so all my clients, it's not something that I just don't spend time beating it down people and I don't do it on the internet either. People make up their own minds and come to their own conclusions. That's a whole better way to present your ideas. And if they're on work around work, the other part is if you, someone comes to work with me and they're not on work or they're not sure, but I need proof to them. I don't like that either. Neither know how good I am, you understand my reputation. And that's why it came to me. Or you know, you can work with somebody else and pull with that. There's, there's, it's, it's trust issue too much. I'm not sure if we're saying what's training. Trust that the guy you're working with the name money to know what he's talking about. You should be listening to the name money, obviously. They're usually people who put down more of the film, but you don't like it. You don't like the only white guy in here. He said, oh, that, that, that. The only white dude. I don't understand. That just, that's funny. And the reason that I bring up about the high card, low card, high card. Everybody's got their own niche and think your name for, I don't do that. I, my method, I do have the skip loading, which is high cards on the weekend. And this is the analogy of the metaphor that we'll start a game. Burning money can out over weeks is kind of like you have this fire that you need to keep going for say 12 weeks. It's a big old pile of wood. I'm going to help him explain the metaphor. We got to put it up. So what you do is you start out this little fire and you put, you know, some wood on there, but you guys, if you're going to have the day, it's hand burning out because you've got to get through all this wood. I mean, essentially the competition is get through this pile of wood, which is, like I said, I'm not going to get rid of it. And we'll wait for that, this is definitely fired. So you're going to put it on fire, but throughout the course of the week, that fire is going to burn down. It's going to start to come down. You're going to have that burn. She's like, oh, okay, it's still burning. The town of course is going to be really filled in, working with it. And you come on on Sunday and you just pour a bunch of gas in it. And then you can throw more fire on it. And then it's that week, progress, it comes down. It comes down again, it's falling down, you got to have a burn. And you go gas on it. The gas is essentially carbon high winds. We're fine, fast acting, carbon high winds. Okay. Once a week, I'm going to wait. So the value throughout the week is just a lot like any other guy who would be, is it low hard as a high card? I don't know anybody's individual situation. And it is individual. Something they'll take in 400 calories or 400 grams per day. I think it's really, really nice. I think it's can't take in any cards during the day for the week. Or I'm going to get lean. So that might be the different safety clean you want to. I'm 43 when I was 25. But now not only am I older, but I also don't move a whole lot because I've worked from home. So my idea of an already was like, when I'm home stop, because I just don't die or the supermarket, that sort of. So I don't, which is another point that you can make about cardio too before I forget. And that is come back to everybody has different variables. So 30 minutes of cardio to me is huge because I don't move that. But 30 minutes of cardio to a trainer who might be walking around all day for 12 hours. Or the yarners, not on the wild news of my buddy, can't kind of bounce. There's no shout out to Kevin. He just got done doing a show. Drops. 80. 80 or 90 pounds. He's an ER nurse. You know what I'm talking about? And he's an ER nurse. He works like 12 on our shifts. So this is 30 minutes of cardio to him. Won't impact him anywhere near what will impact someone. He doesn't move his leg like I do. So those things have to be taken into consideration too. Now only if you're trying to fix your cardio. If you put your other cardio for a client, a lot of times that's over. But 30 minutes of more person is not 30 minutes to be able to do something. Anyway, and I know ideally you have to die if you do the work. But that's the most of the work in the cardio. Very little work is possible. Anyway, come back to diet. Say during the week, everybody's going to be able to be different. We've got to take in consideration high and respond to your higher and higher. Whether you're at a table up on the side. How long you're training? Look. High volume training. You can take it more hard. You're going to need more cards. Lower volume training. I'm testing like a VCA or a throwing in your high intensity technique. You're not going to need to be really hard. I just want to give my calories not to any of those. And you're not. That's high volume. You're not completing muscle. You need to complete a muscle. And some of you may know it's both for those who don't. When you work a muscle before a while, you'll wait and try to be completing it. Apply it to you. Which is essentially a story to talk about. You're going to burden more body fat. And those muscles are completed by the gym. They also don't look at the ability. They're doing a lot of things. They should actually have a product on it. They're not doing anything. They're done last. They get flat. And a flat and flat. I say flat and fat are one thing. One letter on. Fat. If a muscle is flat now, pushing your skin and this thing from the categories too. It's why it's so important that you're not flat and you're ready for it. Or you're going on a stage for a show. If you are, that's in as a good type over the top of that muscle. It's going to look completely different. And you will look soft. And you will look kind of fat. Think about fat, that is like a special word. What you're going to look soft. So from a bodybuilding standpoint, anybody here who's looking to get into better shape, that would be to us that you work maybe faster than you want to be. You're carrying a stretch for a bodybuilding. So going to a week, you got to figure out where your calories you can be. Your muscles need to be. And that is a very complicated. It's complicated for me to tell you about what I'm going to look at what you're doing. And that's what I'm doing. But you're never one of them. And I can eliminate any one of them. It's still need a wall. Now maybe in the comments, come over to vegetables because I have something to vegetables. I can't take in a lot of starch of carbs and a lot of people are like that. They may even have a bottle to be able to handle those calories. But they can't digest them very well. Get all this done then. Get all gas and I'm serious. I said, if you need an old man on the other side of your gas, and you think it's funny, if you guys can just fun. I think it's funny. Get out of 40, 30 years old. I'm just in the church like that. But the point is that your body isn't digesting or processing that food very well. Then you need to change it out. And carbs are like that. Protein is an issue like that. It didn't help me fat. It's our issue like that. Usually we have some kind of problem with digest and it's almost always a kind of higher degree. Then you can get it with food and all that kind of plans to. I'm trying that to come and my nutritional and a talk with people from those types because there's just so many different things that you could be in towering to have the knowledge, which is to that. And it's almost not worth being discussing because if you are happening to this while I was in here on the issue, you can't pick it up. Pick out what it is. Start eliminating food to one at a time. When they bring it forward, it's time to make it to the taste. You can't know what's wrong. And you get rid of the problem. But you may not know exactly what it is. And talk to your doctor. Again, I'm interested in working with athletes and people who want to get it to shape. I do not play the health end of it at all. I can't just say, I say, you're healthier leader. You're healthier doing what I'm telling you. Tell them you can do in the sense that if you're going to get leaner and you're going to get into better shape, you're healthier. But that's as far as I'm willing to take it. I've got a kind of sense. And with doctorate, hopefully you. Throughout the course of the week that you go through with my diet and profile, you will go through. That you lose and go to lose one or two pounds throughout the week with a restricted, you know, or calories. Stosure is the starting. That's a balance issue. You've got to be taking in as many calories as you can take in to lose weight. And again, you need to take in as many as it's really important. You need to take in as many calories as you can take in to lose weight. Everybody. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. It's really easy, too. You know, it's really easy when it's weight. You just touch calories and all of a sudden, a little bit less for balance. And you're not taking in. But what you're doing is you're kind of. It isn't a week process. You need not only to focus on this week, but it's long term. So what happens is if you touch calories too low, you're going to throw you a week or two. You're going to lose that weight initially. I'm going to have nowhere to go. I refer to it in my DVD that I did a couple years ago because ceiling in the basement. And if you're when I say someone is if the ceiling or post ceiling, then that means you've got a lot of options. Before you start running out of the basement, I say you're basically running out of options. Why say running out of options during the night? Well, we'll bring that ceiling down is increasing cardio. It's getting more calories, it's getting more cutting calories from your diet and as you do this until, of course, we look at this. If you've made, if you've had a ton of cardio, and you've touched your calories in the time five weeks, and the length is essentially 12 or 20 with 9. And you're already close in and you're getting close with base on what are your options when you stop progressing. You don't have any options. You keep the ceiling high by losing as much weight as you can. Limited amount of cardio. High amount of calories, highest amount of calories, highest amount of calories, you can take it still. That's actually feeding you the calories meaning way. It's essentially what we're talking about. You're keeping that fire burning by putting it more winter. Gas is the worst talking about. Now get to that minute, which is really just kind of finally on Mars on weekends, even the calories in real summer. So again, going through the week taking this week out of this camp, shooting for it, depends on the pure way of the way you set your ass. What's 60 pounds or something like that? What was that 50? 50. Okay, 50. So when you started out, if you were losing four, three, four, five pounds, we had for a couple of weeks. That would be okay. You probably couldn't sustain that without losing it too quickly after a period of a week. But initially, good because you have a lot of weight. Actually, it's just not the night. I don't know. Nothing about it is more than when I see a trainer or someone who worked as something. There are three hundred pounds. And they're telling them, no, you lost three pounds. We've got my top only one, too. They can't waste three hundred pounds. Give them a break. They can lose weight faster. You know, when you're talking about water, you can't stop someone's only overweight. Twenty, five pounds. And we got to just throw that number of characters in that way. It's different. But then you lose a one or two pounds. You don't want to sacrifice a muscle tissue. Okay, that's cool. We're eating them then. Now, if you're going to lose three or four pounds, you can work up the weeks. And then if that's off, you're going to have to spend that great. That's fine. If you're going to sustain that, get three or four or even five of them up, then you're probably going to lose the two much weight. And then you would have to look at it and go, you don't do sort of how much weight you lose. You also are looking at things like strength and my whole weight in my strength. And the gym because that's a huge indicator of whether you're hanging out in the muscle tissue. And as I said before, if you're holding a strength, you're all certainly not losing muscle tissue. You just can't pull it strength. And it was muscle tissue just. Just doesn't work. You're going to have to do it. You're going to have to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. The difference is you're going to do it. That's what I'm going to do. That's what we're going to do. Yeah. That's what we're going to do. That's what we're going to do. During the week, everything is clean. Everything is. And when I say clean, I always say, whatever, you get out of the ground and pretty good shit. Your quality approach is good facts. Don't I don't think anybody can stick at any more Carbohirus, even if they're clean. and more power I can really need to stay a little full, and I might say full muscle full, and to provide the energy that they mean to get through their workouts. I think anything above that is, you know, some kind of ways to buy just don't think of needed. If you still need to make a power, good fats will stay shape, you know, keep it more satisfying, to cover a high rate of low heat. If they just hang around a lot, your nets are up to this issue, well, and I don't mean to, I don't mean to like to discuss that with me. I don't think they may, anybody from there, you heard the word left, they use it a lot with supplements now, because it's new catchphrase that everybody quates to, ooh, that can't be understood with that. But they don't, in my opinion, they just don't know very much about it yet, anyway, they know the guests at self-signation, for rain, but everybody, they've already shown that they don't really understand the signaling, and what it's telling you right. So, I mean, I think there's a lot still a lot more research there, so I try to keep it, try to leave the lines, plus for a team, partly because of the people get caught up in those words, and those catchphrases, and I don't think they really are healthy matters. Coming around in the, the guests question here with the skip loading, skip loading is basically, when we get to the weekend and we're talking about pouring gas on the fire to bulk that, for your fat brain furnace up for a following week. You're gonna dump, we're fine, low fat carbohydrates on there, and this is where it gets home, and good to stop, I get it. And those refined low fat carbohydrates are, I mean, it's an example from, pancakes or bread or white rice, or you're not gonna try that in the United States, or I'm trying to make sure too, because we're here in Jamaica, that you guys have the same food, sometimes I'm dealing with, we have gone, we have won a full of costumes, it's called Trinoli, yeah, oh yeah. Okay. That's not true, that's all that. That's what we call food. Okay. So you wanna go with the process, and as usually the first question I get is why the process of process is very, very fast. So when it's low fat, and it's highly processed, where there's no fiber, that our hybrid hits your system, hits your bloodstream, or it'll wait for them. Okay. When it hits your system quickly, when you're depleted, it gets stored very quickly as well, because it becomes an insulin game, and insulin sensitivity, and things like that. Basically, to make it simple, when you're depleted, and when your muscles are depleted, your body will store carbohydrate, quickly and very very efficiently. So it also, it's too full. Now I know it's still very efficiently, but it also, when you get a lot of those calories in there, it affects your metabolism so much by a man, you'll get more. I've never been dieting anything to big meal, maybe just cheat. And I also need to get a warm-up sweaty, but what is going on? Your temperature is kicking out, because your metabolism is responding to the food, or in gas on the fire. So it's a big problem. When you do that, and I say a Sunday, it can be any day, it just tends to work for my clients, better than the work from me, better to do it on a Saturday, so the kitchen not work, we need to tend to have more downtime on the weekend. Here we can sometimes, we may start off with that. We only have two or three hours, a two or three hour window of eating these carbs, they're just get lowly. But it may go to the point where, especially if you're doing a show, it just gets straight enough of it. You may be lowing for 16 hours. From time to get up and want to talk to your bed, it becomes, I don't want to say, four-speeding, but you got to be good. If you would have, if you were, if you had any room, you'd start with your hungry, if you got any. And that's where it becomes. Everybody thinks, oh, that's not awesome. I can eat. It's not awesome for half of the first meal of the day. Then after that, you're like, oh my god, this is terrible. I don't want to give you a requirement by why, who would have eaten more? Who will eat more? Okay, okay. And you will get, she got for the former some rather dying, you've noticed six days. But the point is when you come back to the dying the next day, or the bodily, the next day, the minimum, the next week. What you've done is actually, four-olds carries on there. Again, it's like four-guess. And five-nine you've got this raging five. And you're back to your regular diet. You're burning more body fat that far away. I've done, we had work with so many people this sort of course, 10-12 years. My self included with the contest, I've done from low to until as you've been last year, about a year ago. And sometimes the skip of itself will keep you from having it'll keep you progressing and losing body fat. We've waited about two hundred million months without changing anything else in the night. And it's still, it's pretty funny. Sometimes that even got to be brought to the tire, perhaps only look back one pound in a minute and a minute. That's the exception of the role, but it does have a longer sentence time. So point is, is it time to show the impact that that metabolic reset every week? And sometimes what advocate for achieving. And it's a long-term, it's the same idea or the same concept. My argument is that she doesn't provide enough calories to truly pour it slightly. I don't want you to check out how to support ass on a new rule. That's not going to do a lot. So the guys who talk about day one once, what they need, he is nutritionist as well. He advocates for achieve meals. But I have a lot of people come to me and he hears work with me who had worked on his type of dining part. And they knew that there just wasn't enough food. They weren't getting a metabolic response out of that one meal. And then in the course of a couple weeks, I've got a meeting anywhere from six to eight to 10 to 12 hours a day on this Saturday, with cars and then they're progressing in the end. And they're getting later. And what I say, lean, I'm talking like grossly. Like you don't have skin and like you lose. And I sort of do pills. Because it is a real thing. But I also work with two. The other, I'm going to get this question of my life whether it is just something for guys. The diet, and it's not. There is no difference when you get into metabolism dieting. There are so differences with hormones. But it's not enough to change. Men of women don't eat different foods. They may be different calories. You may have one person may have a longer skin one. We may be taking in more calories during the week than someone else. But I have part of 20 pound bigger girls eating all day on Sunday for 16 hours and dudes who are going to only do six or eight hours. So it's pretty individual. Again, I'll come back things I've been talking about before. What does that person do during the day for a job? And are they on their feet all the time? Are they younger, formally? And what are the difference from a hormone standpoint? They're very close to the other factors. They make everybody a never-body's approach on the nature. Concepts, no friends in which are made the same. They're not going to have to be a competitor. You don't have to be a competitor who's a leader. I think you use a protocol if you don't need a weight track. And they've done very well too. So in four or five years, we'll probably be on Dr. Oz and meditate. I just wore it because he's got a doctor. Before I stand, he's got a team of audience. What do you do? Yeah. I'm just going to keep building things. So I just need that three-minute, each year, how low-car. I move by. Well, it doesn't necessarily have to be no car or low-car. But again, it's relative. You say low-car means you have to be in a caloric deficit so that you are losing weight, burning back that, essentially. So, where do you put those cars in the individual thing? I just say cars need to be, so during the evening, that deficit is gone. Yes, we need to get your boot. Yeah, how do we do? Then you'll have that timeframe where you're loading those car or high grades. And I said when we first start.