I'm going to think, and once again, I want to thank everybody for being here. I want to thank Mark, I want to thank the staff of the lead FTS for pulling this off with the help that's on our team to market and promote this as well. I want to especially thank Casey and Ron for picking me up this morning because my part guy, everybody was sad. So there's nothing, no better feeling than one, even when you wake up. And your part isn't starting. Then your other part isn't starting either. You know, thinking, oh, I'm supposed to be the first person to speak. So the aim of the lead out of the hand is always been always a little bit of a live learner pass on. That's always going to mean something different to everybody. That's why it resonates so well. That's why we have the seven arms, the education, everything that we have on the website. Live to just define it in a simple and strong form of performance and encodures their important. And when it comes to performance and sport training, the reason why I'm not a presenter, I don't coach athletes. I know there are never half of these guys in the experts. I've surrounded myself when it comes to people who coach athletes, but people who know what they're doing, not because I aspire to want to be able to do that. But I don't have to go to people to go to you that can help me with that. So I know very well what I don't know. And as coaches, I think that's a very simple concept that gets lost, that you always need to keep in mind. No one should don't know. All right. And in turn with that, no what you do know. And trust in that, it's executed. Because it doesn't matter what you do know if you don't execute it. Because that's all it is to just work with that and in your head. So if you're a coach, you're working with athletes and all you know how to do are body weight slots and push ups, well you better know how to do it really, really good. And just do those to the best of your ability with every athlete making sure they're doing exactly right every single time. Those two things will take you further than a concurrent program or a block program that's 52 weeks long, laid out with all these different exercises you don't know how to coach. So living as a coach and living in this environment and the landscape that we all work in, those are the two biggest components. No, what you don't know, actually keep what you do know. Lary, that's the only way you're ever going to get better. And it never stops. It actually should actually be done as you get old because your base becomes bigger. So just because you graduate with a degree and exercise science or whatever it is, that does not mean you're done. That means you got a baseline. Body will be the first person to tell you these strikes to learn more every single day. If I'm not mistaken, I believe it was a second strength coach who had hurt higher. All right, so, we're just going to lead it into the last part which is passing on. They come to, I can go into a rant about this and I'm trying to stop my brain because I can just go crazy right now for a great thing. Well, when it comes to passing on people, I can read about and I spoke about, you play at seats. And today there's so many people who were building a garden, they did the education, they throw the seats down. And then they're standing there. Grow. Nothing's growing. And this is crap. Grow. And nothing's growing. And like this is old crap. And here I am playing all, you know, doing all this and nothing's coming about from it, you know. And I'm on an illustration of this is a trainer who will see somebody do something wrong in the gym. But then I can help him because I'm going to pay for it. How many times do you read this crap online? You know, where people are complaining. Or I can't believe this girl asks me this question. You know, this is what I do for a living. If she wants to ask me a question, maybe she needs to make it a point there. Or how many coaches won't step out when they see something wrong to help the kid or help somebody else. When I grew up, if I were doing lackboard items wrong, somebody came up with help. And I'm not arrogant. We put their like, you know, hey, would you like some advice? Yeah, you know, hopefully we have a put your sternal up. Now that shouldn't happen. They're looking at the seat saying, grow. Here's what they forget. Now I'm not going to expect an answer. But I've guaranteed when he took that job, he wasn't making a whole lot of money. The very first job, the very first strength coaches didn't make shit. The very first personal trainers or trainers didn't make anything. The professions really didn't even exist. The personal training profession didn't exist when I was in college. I had to create a videopenic study based on exercise science and nutrition. So while people are standing there looking at the seat saying, grow, they got to remember somebody down here, back here, back here, 50 years ago, playing some shit. Because they're now over here, climbing trees. Those are his trees. And the trees and the people that came 40, 30, 30, 40, 50 years ago, those seats are whatever you'd read today because you have a profession to be able to do this. So even that in mind when it comes to passing on, what are you doing to ensure the profession or even new professions are going to be there for people to 20, 30 years now. Don't forget the sacrifices that they made. Is there are people that are 60, 70 years old? Never made a diet in this industry. But the late of the foundation and the growth, for what we are calling today, personal trainers, for performance coaches and training coaches. So those are responsibility to be able to pass on for whatever reason. The older coaches will be able to remember just simply to help you. What they charge you. So you pass on to you, you get back and keep everything moving forward. With that in mind, I like to thank you again. I think I did do that. But I can't sit at that. Ten minutes. And we're going to bring money up next. Money, as well as most of the other actually almost all the speakers. Should I know two maybe three years? The right side is kind of here. I have known for 15 or 17 more years. And I think any of us really want to even say. And when it comes to being the real deal, this is the real deal. You're not going to keep up, guys. Just go to the field and screw around for a couple of years. You got people that are around for 20 years. He's the best of the best. It's what you're dealing with. So the last words that we might be going to get is Mark said. And what's telling you about a question and ask. There is no such thing as a stupid question. And I know we're going to laugh. And you're going to say, yes, there are. Some of these guys have been with a Q&A 10 years ago. And we all got together kind of a time. We had answered, what can we do if you don't have a reverse hyper and a blue hair race? I would say it's in thousands of times. So many times it gets frustrating. And you've all been asked in your profession the same questions over and over and over and you really rise. You know what? You know what? You go and shit. You know, whatever it is. But it not just has guilty of this is everybody else. So this is a reminder to me and to all of you. When somebody asks you a question, there is no stupid question. First, second, it may be the 9,000 times you have that question asked you. But it's the first time that person asks you. And the reason they didn't look it up, Google it or anything else is because they want to know what you think about it. That's why they're asking you. That's how you can be in disguise. That's a fricative honor. So look at it for what it is and keep that in mind with somebody ask you a question as well as when you ask your questions.