Another exercise that is commonly seen in the gyms but not very often used is a 45-year gyms. It is pretty much a staple of any good gyms. We utilize these once if not twice a week with extraordinary results all the way from generalized population all the way up to military personnel and professional photographers. The 45-year-old gyms is a great way to hit all the muscles that we hit on the good morning and it is straight leg of the deadlift without any vertical spine compression. But you can also change the angle so dramatically that you can isolate either tailbone, glutes, hamstrings, depending on where the pad and the foot position is. So right now we have a set up where it is kind of neutral. It is going to hit the hamstrings and glutes and lower back all together and we are going to utilize a band from the bottom which is also going to change resistances. Another key point on this is to make sure that you understand that different resistances are needed to be rotated regularly. There is a lot of programs out right now and a lot of people say well you only need to use real weights and all this and that. It is just not the case. If you want to be around for 20 years and be a good lifter for a long time with that lot of over-use injuries you need to utilize the tools that are offered in today's world which is used chains and bands. I use them all the time and they are just a good tool to have. So we are going to show you instead of holding the medicine ball or dumbbell, we are going to grab a whole pretty pretty stop band and he is going to do his 45-year-old back extension. This is going to focus right through here. He is going to use a little bit of back muscle obviously because you are just going to ignore it but the glutes are going to be firing. So with the band being a little bit sure he is going to have to keep his arms bent but he is pulling on probably 150 pounds of band which could be kind of a pain in the butt to hold on to. So the bands can be justifiable for using other weights and stop good. So 45-year-old back extension, like I said, depending on where your feet and where the position is on your leg allows you to hit muscles in different areas. So what we like to do is we just change the angle of it all the time. I will scoot the feet way up, move the pad, way down, way up and just change the angles constantly. Sometimes we will put chains around our neck, we will hold dumbbells, we will hold bands, anything you can think of, we try all the time. The key is variation.