I think I had an, I call my early midlife crisis. I had always, my wife graduated dental school. She was a dentist and I had wanted to, I had to tell you the idea of going back to school for, you know, for grad school for a while. I should have the nutrition or something, but like in the idea, I picked something, I thought, you know, what do I have zero background in it? I've never taken a math class or a physics class, weren't I? I try to get a PhD in physics. And so I think really what it was was, I just, I always enjoyed the science. And even this thing that I present, I never say this is my opinion or this will work. I say this is what the science says. And that's what I believe in and I trust the science. And you know, and that's what I like to present. And so I would get frustrated when I'd put, you know, one thing in particular, I remember I wrote an article on Gamelin Atlantic acid as a, I'm a medical officer for Brown Adipals tissue in humans. And I try to get it published for a website and they didn't publish it because they said it was toothed theoretical. Because at the time no one thought there was any actor, Brown Adipals tissue in humans. And I was really proud of the side of it because I thought I proved that Brown Adipals tissue was active in humans. And Gamelin Atlantic acid was a potential on, on coupler. And the more part of the reason I really like a lead is, this other website refused to publish it as toothed theoretical. They loved it because they're a sothed theoretical and published it down a lead. But this was 2006 or 2007, I remember I think it's 2007. Well, you know, no one would publish it because they didn't believe the science. You didn't understand the science. And it turns out later on in 2009 I found out, discovered magazine published as their top 100 discoveries of the year. And in 2009 one of the top 100 discoveries was active Brown Adipals tissue in humans. This is two years after I was trying to get this, you know, that no one would believe this, you know, and that's something that was really proud of. And then two years later, you know, a research group gets, you know, all the accolades for, for the same thing I was trying to say two years earlier. And it was just things like that. I would just get frustrated. I present the science. Someone else would argue what I said, but they wouldn't present the science. They would just argue because they believed something differently. And then, you know, the people listening to the argument, they don't know the science. And so they end up listening to whoever yelled the loudest or yelled the longest about it. I thought, well, what's the hardest science? And by hard, I don't mean difficult. I mean pure, you know, that logic base, you know, it's either too much not as not im debatable and I thought math physics. And so that's really I went back and started mostly with math and then eventually did more physics classes and then eventually played physics grad school. I never actually had an undergraduate degree in either of them. But I got into grad school for physics. But just I guess kind of the same thing as I got three years into the PhD program and just really got burned out and missed the whole fitness industry and training people and just just I just never fit in with the science community. I missed the meathead community, I guess. And so I ended up bailing left early with the masters and came back. Quite a bit physical. I didn't go to the gym for almost six years. I mean I literally didn't work out, didn't go to the gym or anything. And so, I mean, I think I never really got small. I mean, I still, my small, so probably 2.325, I mean a fat 2.35. But as far as all the physics people, they still thought I was huge, you know, the time. But I mean, I really just kind of changed. I had no interest in working out. I was in the lab all day. But then kind of like flipping a switch as soon as I submitted my thesis and pretty much the next morning I woke up with an hour to ideal. And I thought like going to the gym and that was April. It's now August. And so I've been training since then. And I mean slowly coming back. I'm still waiting on in size. But a lot closer than it was. You want to go. I really want to make Japan in a direction and what it should have been. I think the last time around. I just think I want to appreciate what I have ever with, you know, this whole community, you know, with David, a lead that with Japan and the kind of just I don't really, I don't think I fully appreciated. I think I had a really good position in the community where people had a following of friends and, you know, people who like my reading or like my articles and enjoyed my approach to it. And I don't know that I have any strong competitive aspects or competitive interests. But I definitely as far as coaching and I really want to, I think that's something I might be a little. When I left out as young as far as a competitor and as I come back now would be an old competitor. But I think I still have a lot of years ahead of coaching and kind of I guess bringing the science back into the media community. I think I'm going to be a little bit more passionate about what I'm going to do. I think I'm going to be a little bit more passionate about what I'm going to do. Thank you.