Mark Watt and ATS.com, we're going to go through a basic progression for overhead press using the core blaster. We also have an equal blaster and an attachment for one of our racks. All three of those you can do these exercise with. First part of the progression is going to be a half-nillion. This is a good exercise because again for beginners, you're going to basically eliminate any kind of overextension in order to get heavy weight plus the bar is not going to be straight overhead. It's going to be a little bit in front. With this, I will renew into bar and a position. Get right off the shoulder, press and straight up. Again, being on my knees, that bar now is a little more parallel with the ground, a little more horizontal. That will actually increase the leverage of the bar as opposed to staying. The next direction would be standing and I can parallel my stance. I can stack my stance either way. Next, compression would be straight overhead press. Then from there, I can also include any kind of push press right and using some light drops. Another exercise you can do is just a simple squat press. Again, some people don't even do it to his. You can do it on one hand. But it's just a basic squat. A parallel squat, as far as I can go, drop off the squat with my lower body, bring my hip through, make sure I'm going to straight line as I press. Another option you can do, the next compression, to get a little more confident in this. Because we're not being seen, especially when it's tall, when that bar almost vertical, it's a lot easier for them. So, see if I can coordinate up and do this. Put that band underneath the shoe. Then you can go static stance, parallel stance, doesn't matter the same basic thing. Now I can also include some kind of rotation. Again, start initiating movement with my back hip. Sit at my back, sit at the river. Press it up. So again, I get a little bit of more rotation of the power component in. So again, give those a try. Pretty good in the team setting. Send all those bar balls up. So again, it's one more thing you can do in half your two walks.