The WPC World Championship is really to me. It's a chance to really say, okay, where do you stack up in the world? And so I wanted to kind of come on the stage. I've never been to a meet with this in many international lifters, you know, doing, going back, doing, you know, WPO and things like that. There's obviously guys from a lot of countries, but not as many as is on an enemy like this. So this is something that, you know, I'd like to do again next year and continue to do because it's really a great experience to say, okay, this is where I stack up in the world. And one of the guys, my director strength edition Nick Bronco, you know, he competed here and it's his first real big meet. And he unfortunately bombed out in the deadlift, had a great squat and bench day. And it was funny because, you know, I was up in Ohio and the first thing when he called me, I said, now you see why, guys, I say do it in a big meet. And, you know, everybody says, all I did this at my local meet, I do it because it's close, but to me, unless you can go to a big meet like WPC worlds and put up big numbers, then your numbers are worthless. The judge's consistent here, you know if someone gets a lift, it's real. And you know that all the equipment's the same, you know, plates way with their supposed to weigh. It's really everything at the highest level. And going away from home, so you don't have all the comforts at home. You know, I had to write a rough flight, flat tire, you know, forgot my belt, I had to throw my aqua block away because I couldn't check my bag on the plane. There was a lot of things that didn't go right, but you know, at the end of the day, it's just shut up and lift weights and get it done. And I think that, you know, the longer in this, better you're able to do that. But you got to comment and you got to lift on these big stages to even save that you are good. And I think until you've done that, you know, you have an earn the right to say that you're at a high level. At the competition for this, you know, I'm really excited. Obviously tons people from different countries. It's fun to walk through and just hear all the different languages going on. You know, see all the shirts, Austria, Russia, Portugal. And it's great to just meet people from other countries. Some you can talk to, some you just smile at. But it's great to really see everybody kind of mix and in together and see the different cultures. Also, great friend of mine, Jeremy Haring, we're competing against each other today in the bench press. Jeremy, you know, we're both in 308 class. Meet me at Nationals. He's had a great training cycle. I helped him, you know, design is cycle for his meat. And I think that's the poem of the fun stuff is not just seeing how your own training goes, but other guys that you're helping prepare for the meat, especially competing against someone who's been a friend for such a long time. It's just fun to get on platform with people that you're close with like that. My preference for this meat, not ideal. You know, basically since I qualified Nationals, move my business, move my house, I'm having a son and February. All of those things weren't on the table when I committed to doing worlds. I think one of the biggest things, you know, I tried to teach my kids, is that when you commit to something you see it through no matter what. And, you know, with this, it wasn't ideal meat prep. You know, a lot of things, you know, 18, 20 hour days. But you know, I got my training in when I could. It wasn't ideal, but, you know, for me, I feel like, you know, do it, see where the chips are going to fall. And, you know, I came down here because I knew it was going to be amazing experience. I wanted to give it my best. Unfortunately, as far as like a meat prep, it wasn't everything I would like, but it was the best I could give under the circumstances that I was training under. You know, today, it wasn't a totally disappointing day, even though my list weren't very good. You know, I think any meat you do, you learn stuff. And I think that, you know, if I would walk away from today and I felt like I didn't learn anything, then I would really look at it like, you know, it would be a waste of a meat. You know, obviously, it coming to me, if you want to have a great day lifting. Today, I didn't have a great day. You know, but I can go home and say, okay, these are the things I learned. You know, honestly, for me, that's, I mean, it's fucking embarrassing to live a little bit away. I mean, honestly, you know, I'd bench press 500 pounds when I was 20 years old. I mean, it wasn't an admit, you know, but, you know, I think when I was 21, I tripled 500. And so, you know, I tore my bicep last year and, you know, since then, the weight flies off my chest, then I can't lock anything out. It's like my body just shuts down. So, you know, coming out of today, I realized just how much that's affected me and how bad that is. So, you know, it's embarrassing, but again, like I've always been someone who bench press has been my best lift since I was, you know, fifth since I touched a barbell. And now it's my worst lift. And for me, you know, a lot of people, you know, whatever, want to be disappointed about that. For me, I'm excited because it gives me a chance as a coach to take a lift that I've always been good at. And people ask me about bench press, like how to get good, I don't know. I just always have been able to push and it just went off. Now, I'm at a point in my life when it's the weakest I've ever been in a lift. It's the worst lift I have. And as a coach, I look at it as a great challenge to better myself as a coach so that I can say here's how I fixed it and attack that. So, although I'm disappointed with the way things were and my numbers, you know, I'm motivated, very motivated to, you know, go back and figure out a plan to correct the issue and and get back on track. You know, I still have a, you know, goal of benching 600 pounds raw on a meat and that's, that's not something that's going to go away. So, it's, you know, go home and figure this out. I have a slow plan for the deadlift. My plan isn't to do everything I can do. My plan is to make small jumps every meat in the deadlift. So, last meet, I pulled 705 and it wasn't, you know, an extremely, wasn't the most, you know, wasn't everything I had. This meet, I'd like to just pull 725. I'd like to keep each meat slowly creeping up, you know, my best deadlifts 804. I want to beat that all time PR, but my plan is to beat it over in two years. So, you know, slowly keep moving up so that I can allow my body time to get used to those bigger weights. So, today's meet, I was very happy with the deadlift portion. You know, I was really, had a pretty good deadlift cycle coming in. You know, it wasn't exactly what I wanted, but I was very happy. So, the plan coming in, I wanted, I was 705 at Nationals. I wanted to just kind of get that, you know, go up that 725, which kilos 330s, 727.5. You know, yesterday, after me, I was taking out my contacts and one of them got ripped by somebody. One mentioned names. Steve Coles got it. And so, today I did the deadlift and my glasses. Not that that's weird. It just messes up my setup every time I set the bar down. My glasses fell off. On my last pull, there was some kind of confusion where another lifter and myself had the same attempt. They were on the monitor first. So, I was on deck and then all of a sudden, the expert I had said, you know, my sorry, one out there and then they called me back and I'm like, okay, and then he was not in it. Oh, you're fine. Yeah, you go now. And so, it was like back and forth. So, I didn't know I thought I was on the clock and so I was kind of rushed in my setup. So, when I grabbed the bar, my underhand, I kind of grabbed a little in a little more than I normally do. I knew when I grabbed it, but I just picked it up and as soon as I did I started with my own. And, you know, I wasn't sure what was going to happen when it started with my own. Once I got past the knees, I, you know, I know I'm good to lock that weight out, but it was when milling in my back on the left side from kind of cranking it back over. It's going to be a little sore and it's feeling it now, but you know, I'd rather mess up a lift and get three white lights than, you know, mess it up and get red. So, overall, I was happy. I'm not sure exactly we haven't done a wordjet, but I'm pretty sure I won my class. So, you know, getting a, you know, world championship at WPCs, that's pretty pumped about that. Honestly, I didn't think that was going to happen, but, you know, my self and another lifter, attempted the same way. They missed it. I got it. I thrive on that kind of competition, you know, after, after I got it, you know, I saw him miss it. I went to that. He tried it again and missed it. So, it was a great day. Really happy. You know, you know, second meat back in 10 years and, you know, to come down here and perform in this environment, it's really happy with, with the way things went. you