Jordan has here for leadfds.com and I am with Luca who owns a train facility in the suburbs of Montreal. Luca, will you tell me a little bit about your facility? Sure. So I run a facility actually in La Valle. It's a 1500 square foot facility and when we opened up we decided to put all kinds of elite fitness stuff in. I have a squat rack. I have all your strongman stuff, the Goot Hammers and from there I train my clients. I train athletes and I train regular people that just want to stay in shape and have little goals that they want to keep on going and working with for our Zionist there with me. Okay, so what's your personal history with training? How did you get started in doing that? My personal history in training. Well, I've always trained as Zionist I could remember. I mean, I find a bit stupid when people say yeah I started training at like 12 years old and it's been like 27 years but anyways. But so I started training around 14. I mean, you're regular big box gym, that's when I started. When I really started training was when I figured out that to play football because I was a used to play football in high school and when I transferred to college I was in big enough. So that's when I really took the gym serious and I told myself like man I got to put on weight and I got to get stronger really, really fast. Not I'm not going to make the team which ironically I never made the team. Well, I was never at the level that I should have been but I kept on training. So football put aside. I was like well I'm going to stay in the gym. I'm going to keep on working out. Well, I'm probably like fitness seems like a good venue for me. I'm like I'll work towards that. So I trained a lot a lot. I had coaches, they helped me out. I trained with some of the best guys in Montreal in terms of bodybuilding. They taught me a lot of the stuff in terms of nutrition, in terms of pump, in terms of just bodybuilding type of training. And I did that for pretty much till the day I opened my gym. There was a certain point where I started following Paul Quinn, I started following elite with Dave Tate and Louis that's over here. I started integrating that style of training, the blockpureization or the concurrents or I started mixing it up with what I knew. And that's pretty much how I work my things today. There's a blend of facets that I learned from and I integrated into my gym. Because you've educated yourself in a lot of different types of periodization. So when someone comes to your gym and you're trying to figure out what the best way to train them, how do you determine what kind of periodization or what kind of methods you like to use to determine what will be best for them? Well, since I work with two different, really two different styles of people. I mean, my regular, James and Joe's are, they're limited. They commented a gym, they basically won, they're best bang for the buck, sweat and conditioning and they want to feel like they worked out. Their goals aren't to bench 400 pounds, their goals aren't to run a 40 and a 4-4. So I'll go more in like, met cons or body compositions and just give them a good workout. So there's not too much periodization per se in that that I'll use. I'll look at it more in a global aspect, like over the course of 12 weeks instead of, like, let's say block, right? Or it's on a four week or three week, however you want to work with it. So that's how I'll do it with them. It's my athletes. Since I train a lot of football players at the moment, it's also very, very tricky because I'll get them for a short period of time in their off season because I'm kind of fighting with like schools and therapists and physios on when they get them, when I could get them. So I pretty much put a program together for them. That'll, when they'll come in, I know I get them from, like, solidly from me to August. They have a program that's set and it's, it's, it's pretty much, block based, but I'll have to play with it because I know there's going to have to be like, changes along the way, just to accommodate the guys. So you train people for a lot of different goals. You know, you've got the athletes that come in. Then you've got a more of a general fitness population. You've educated yourself. You say you read a lot of authors and lifters that write on stuff. Are there specific fundamental things that you see, help all lifters, no matter what their goals are? Like, one aspect that helps everybody, yeah, just put in work. That's it. And that's one thing I tell everybody who walks into my gym from day one is, like, I'm not going to hold anything against you. If you're not, if you're just going to put in work, that's the main thing I want you to do. If you're going to tell me, listen, Muka, I could only show up once a week, no problem. But when you're going to show up that once a week, just put in your 100% and the same thing goes for my football players and the rest of my athletes. And that's something that I feel like I learned from the guys I worked with as well. As I did in the days, it's just a question of grind. You've got to come into the gym and you've got to beat the weights and you've got to figure out what works for you. Because heck, man, my programs, my program, but it couldn't, like, I always tell my guys, it could be the good program, it could be the wrong program. We'll only find out if we drill you in and it works for you. Cool. We found a good program for you and if it doesn't, that's even better. Now, I've got to figure out another program that's going to get you the results and make you grind. But at the end of the day, it's the grind. It's the push and the sweat and the blood and the sweat and the tears that you're going to be willing to put in. Great. Thanks, Lou. Thanks for talking. No problem.