I'm Joe Shalero, team Elite Up TS. I got started with the team a little over a year ago. As a columnist, I started with putting together some of the Twitter chat recaps and just kind of helping out with little things and then I started as I spent more time doing that, started putting together highlights from articles every month and then writing some my own articles. So I started doing that and then I've been competing in powerlifting for a little over four years. So as I started advancing more in competing, I started doing that as well. So I tried to tie in my experiences with my education and the coaches I've learned from the people I've worked for and then my own experiences as I continued through powerlifting to hopefully try and help other people there in similar situations that I've been in and continued to be in right now. I chose this event because after I talked to Dave, he had talked about EPS senior nationals and how just different meats that would give you a track to be able to compete at a world class level at a higher level. After we had talked about that, I went ahead and chose to do APS senior nationals and if you qualify top three in that meat, then you came to WPC World. So I got third place at APS senior nationals, so chose this meat and then train wise, just continue to try and work on some of the weaknesses that I've had that were apparent, just as I'm still fairly new to lifting a multi-plike gear, things with Benchine and especially with swadding. So just try to hit those weaknesses as much in a short time frame as I can, since there was a pretty quick turn over from APS seniors over the summer to now. My train strategy was pretty much like it normally is, we just rotate lifts, use a conjugate system. I tried to, I had gotten some new gear and I had further out from the meat, I had just changed my diet a little bit, so there's a lot of little adjustments, so I probably spent a little more time doing my competition movements than I normally do, because I had also during some of the UGSS train sessions, Bob Youngs and Joe Jordan and some of the guys gave me some technique things to change, so a lot of this train cycle, I got some good strength improvements, but I think a lot of it was trying to work on technique things that I got from some of the other guys, so that was probably my main focus. As I looked at some of the people that I know and one of my other training partners and some of the other team that competed earlier this week, I know it's definitely a tough meat. I know it's very strict with the rules, squat depth, things like that, so I know it's going to move quick, so I tried to prepare for that during training, things like that, so I feel prepared for it, I have conservative openers and then go for basically go for PRs and try and pad my total and then come deadlift time, see where I'm at, and then it could be a little more aggressive from there. I got my squat opener, I opened pretty light, I tried to be conservative just because I knew how tough the judging was going to be today, and I'm glad I did, because there was a lot of people bombing missing a time, so I took a light opener, and then I took a PR meat PR second attempt 716, so I got that, missed my third attempt my little bit, and then I'm bench, I opened with a meat PR, got that, and then got another PR to finish out bench, and then I'm deadlift. At that point I would have to probably pull a little beyond myself to get in the top three, so then I was just focusing on getting a meat to a meat PR total, and then it's a deadlift PR, so opened light again, got a deadlift PR my second, and then on my third, my goal was if I was in reach to get a lead total to 20 with my third, so pulled 644 from my third deadlift and got the total that I wanted, so I finished with squat PR, two bench PRs, two deadlift PRs, a 50 pound total PR, and then my first lead total, so I was happy, definitely have a lot of things to improve on, but I was definitely happy with how things went. Take, you know, a week off, then just get back to the drawing board for training, I have so many things I need to work on, so this is still in my second gear meat, so I have so many technical things I need to improve on, I'm still not utilizing my gear quite as much as I could, a lot of strength things, hip strength things like that, so pretty much hit back, obviously, do a lot of squatting and briefs and a little more raw bench work, things like that, but still need to work on winding my stance out, things like that, so I get a lot of good things to work on from Bob Youngs and some of the other guys, Joe Jordan, so just take that list that I have and get back at it, so.