Yeah, if you're a favorite of bats, you might as well play in pop at a money capsule. And it's even going to wake you up or the person next to you will have a much more interesting fly with the most twerch. I don't know what you guys are laughing like you've never done that. I just need a minute to see everybody. The chances are a couple of days I will remember this. This is hard for a lot of feasts. I love public speaking. My first job at a high school was a professional motivational speaker. I have no problem standing in front of 10,000 people and talking for an hour. But you put me in front of one person or a group of people that I really care about and it's hard. And this is hard for me. There is a lot about this that is hard for me. I came to the gym yesterday with everybody else. And Friday was my beginning of my eight month of chemotherapy. I've lost seven pounds. So I come in the gym looking like this. And I see my teammates that are just giant, squatting, deadlifting, and it's hard for me. Even more hard is all a side effects. Anybody's been going to a chemo before. There's a thing called chemo brain. Basically, where you forget simple things like how to talk, how to use words, how to speak. I get time to tie that lost in conversation. I don't know how to explain simple things to my wife about what I've done that day. I've gotten lost on the drive home to my house. I almost didn't make it to the hotel last night and I've been there so many times, but I can't tell you how to get there. And that is hard. So, for a few days, I will have forgotten many of you and I made it a point today to do nothing, but walk around and see each and every one of you and make eye contact with each and every one of you whether you saw me or not. Because when I leave, I'm going to know that I stood in front of a group of people. I spoke and they hurt. Now, Dave asked me to stand up here and talk about motivation. And the simple fact is, if you've been through all of this today and you lack motivation, there is nothing that I can do or say, this is my motivation. We probably have nothing in common. If you need me to motivate you, you're not the kind of person that I'm going to hang around with. If you don't have it inside, that I guarantee you, I have it inside that you and I are not going to get long very well. See there are two sides of me. Do I have to be passed by to the group? Raise your hand? I've got a couple. My clients have emailed me several times and they always ask me questions like, what should I do? I don't what should I do today. I feel good but I'm not for sure. Well, they're two sides of me. There is the coach and there is the athlete. And those two people are very, very different. The coach will tell you, this will be advice that I will give you today. The coach will tell you to be the tortoise and not the head to slow down. It's absolutely amazing that we said 160 something PR today but as the coach I will tell you, you should not have done it. You came in and said a PR but do you know why you said a PR? If you do not know why you said that, PR and the PR was in vain, what was the point? You just said a PR. Be the tortoise. Not the head. One day you'll be 50 years old and you will still want to deadlift 800 pounds. This man can. There are a lot of 35 year olds in the room that will tell you they're two beat up to train your powerlifting anymore. How is that? Be the tortoise. Not the head. Slow down. Take that five pound PR. Before you take that 50 pound PR. Take that five pound PR and figure out what you did to earn that five pound PR. Instead of taking that 50 pound PR. Now there's the athlete's side of me. Now if you've ever seen me lift before, that athlete's side of me is not a nice person. I came in the gym yesterday did not talk to a single person. I didn't want to squat within anybody else. I wanted my own bar or squat and we'll talk to anybody nothing day seven we down. My wife can convince me to come over here and find a bar and actually train and say hi to people. But that's not the athlete. Now as the athlete I will tell you that most of you today will make a major mistake. How can you go home tonight? Raise your hand. Go on tonight. Tomorrow. Big mistake. How many people have moved across country just to train at a specific gym? Roads. How many people have dropped everything for this sport? Have given everything for the I see a lot of great people. Great lifters just raise their hand. The advice I will give you as an athlete is to go all in or quit. Go all in. Give it everything you have. Getting in your car and leaving might be one of the worst things that you will possibly do all with you. If you don't leave here, if you do leave here is terrible. If you say five or two, there are so many great jams within 30 minutes, 45 minutes. There are so many great coaches in this room that helped you out today. Did you get the email address? They're telephone number? I met Jim Widdler, didn't take the guy was even real, he gave me his phone number. Five, why still think it was a big gym wonder? Well my phone number is like 15. But if you leave here without giving someone's phone number, they're email address, they're contact information. If you leave here and they're going to get a piece of information from anybody else again, it's the worst thing you will have ever done. Go all in or get out. You see there were three construction workers setting on a bridge, working on building this bridge. They set down with a lunch one day. First construction worker, opens his lunch box, or loading and cheese. Man, it's two weeks straight. I've had morning and cheese every day for two weeks straight. You know what? Tomorrow if I get morning and cheese, I want to jump off the bridge. Kill myself, life in the world's limit. Second construction worker, opens his lunch box. But loading and cheese. Man, there's been four which ran off had morning and cheese, guys, I can't take this anymore. Tomorrow if I get morning and cheese, I'm beating you off this bridge, going to kill myself, life is not worth living. Third construction worker, opens his lunch box, and loading and cheese. Six months straight, this guy's been having morning and cheese, he says, guys, to law, if I get morning and cheese, I'm going to beat both of you guys to open this bridge, kill myself, life is not worth living. Next day, first construction worker, says some rich time for lunch, opens his lunch box, cheeseburger. I was serious too, guys. I was going to have this bridge. Second guy, opens up his lunch box, fill the cheese steak. Guys, I was serious. I was going to, I was dead serious. Third construction worker, opens his lunch box, loading and cheese. Stands up, jumps off the bridge, kills himself. Second construction worker says, man, I can't believe he did it. I can believe he was serious. I was just joking. First construction worker says, I can, he packs his whole lunch. See your lunch box is a whole lot more than just food. I handed out a couple of notes, four notes, actually. Start up here, if you can open up that note that I handed you a police radio to me. There must be some kind of way out of here. There must be some kind of way out of here. Feeling good, it was really not for me. Feeling good, that was good enough for me. Strange days have bound us. Strange days have bound us. And here? Oh, whatever. Got one line. Now in this group of people, in this setting, some of you guys might know who said that. If you know who said those police radio are here, they're still telling you all. There must be some kind of way out of here. Jimmy Henry's diet age 26, drug-blooded death. Strange days have bound us. Jill Morris, the diet age 26, drug-blooded death. Our next one. Feeling good was good enough for me. Jenna's job on diet age 26, drug-blooded death. And oh, whatever. Never mind. Curcally-blooded death. Now I'm not here to talk to anyone about drugs. I promise you that. I'm here to talk to you about life. Curcally-blooded is the one that interests me more than any one of those four. She curcally-blooded. Different. See all of these people die a different death. Like the construction worker. But curcally-blooded death. And took his driver's license out of his pocket. You see, when he put that shot onto his head, he wanted people to know that it was him. And he set down a word of no, saying that I cannot go through life with my child growing up, both known both of her parents or drug-blooded. And when he took his life, he took everything that was in his lunchbox. The thing is he packed his own lunchbox. And he was tired of what's in it. I could promise you one thing, my body's been dying for two years. But I'm living more than any other person in this room. And I refuse to let any one of you live a better life than me. Now for the athletes here, we have this question and answer on our team page. And people stand in all kinds of questions and just after I began, people of there, because someone sent me a question that I never got the guts to answer. They commented that my first squat session after the game came of there. They couldn't believe, but I wanted to know what was inside of me that gave me the guts to get under a PR box block. And I remember that. And I will never forget that feeling for the rest of my life. There were 735 pounds on the bar plus on excente events. And just like every other squat day when I set up, probably beat my head against the bar, reached out and grabbed the bar, looked at the scenario that was the first time I ever squatting and felt fear. Not fear that I was going to die, not fear that I was going to tear something. My tendons are tearing on stop. Not fear that I was going to miss the lift, but for the first time in life, I was afraid that I already taken the heaviest squat I was ever going to take in my entire life. As an athlete, that is the worst thing you can ever experience, just to look behind you and say that my best has already happened. As the coach, you're the tors, not the head, as the athlete, go all in or quit. Find something else to feel your lunch box with that you love. But don't give into that. Guys, I won't forgive you. I won't forgive you in a few weeks. But as I watch each of you leave today, I will remember that I stood here today and for an amazing group of people that I spoke and that they listened. Guys, thank you so much for being here today. Thank you. It means a lot to me to find a lot of these people and to put voices and faces with just names. The coaches here are great, the athletes are great. Guys, please, please have a safe trip home. Thank you. Thank you.