More books, read out to us.com. Here at ShowtimeStraights, it performs a new go-haw with owner Nick Shoman. Today we're talking a little bit about the Trafford Demmit. Also known as the Hatspar Demmit, and some teaching tools to help you with large amounts of athletes. Using the Trafford, pretty good when you have, again, large teams, all lifting it once or when you have healthy athletes. Because the Learning Curve is not a steep to get a proper position by the Kimber. Okay, set up from the Trafford Demmit with our full positioning. We want to make sure that our feet are straightened. Right at hip width, if you draw a slide from our hip, straight down to our feet, we want to straighten. And we want our toes as much as 24 as we can. Slide down like you can, what happens is if we get our feet too long, what happens is now when I get down to that position, especially on the Constractor, I don't know if you're going to have some knee-vap, especially with young athletes. Right, we want to have each other in a straight line. The other part is if we have a more normal position, we have our toes turned out like we were in the squat. We have some track conditions with the knee because our arms being at the side, this and the leg. So all of a sudden, it's not going to be the same as the squat. So again, we're going to go ahead and take a position where our feet right at the width, toes straight ahead. When we reach out and grab the ball before that, we want to make sure our athletes are in that caucus. We stand, grab your ball, and make sure that again, chest up, sure the place in that caucus. We want our surface to find a huge position. We don't want to extend, right? We don't want to be on the journey over the top. Really, if we target a position, it's probably anywhere between five to ten feet in front. We use the position, and then we can pass it that way. And again, we'll go ahead and execute the left. A hand position from the chop up our dough, I'm sure that the easiest way to teach out is to try to get that middle and double in line with where the end of the barbell meets the hex-app wraps. So again, if that middle level was aligned, most likely we're going to have an even hand placement. Too far back or forth, obviously, I want to pressure not only on the hand, but also on the rest of the connection. Okay, when you talk about full positioning with the trap bar, we want to make sure that our middle of our foot is even with that middle knock over our hands. Now, this is going to vary based on the athletes' height, the shin legs, arm lengths, whatnot. But for the most part, that's a good starting point. When you're getting down into the position, have your athletes perform it just like they would a squat. Or a hand, make sure they push your his back first, that will get some tension on the glissan strings, that will set them up for a better position. So when they grab onto that bar, they got their shoulder blades under back pockets, make sure again that foot should be right and basically centered on that middle knock over center with the bar. A couple coaching points. If they're feet are too far forward, which they will try to do once in a while, and next, going to over exaggerate here. But again, what happens is, again, their knees have to shoot forward. And in order to compensate what's going to happen is to get their center gravity back on track. Their hips are going to shoot up first to get those knees back behind an alignment. So again, if that's what you see, their hips coming up first, look at their foot positioning, that could help. If their feet are too far back at the start, and again, nicks can over exaggerate a little bit. Same thing, that center gravity is way out forward, closer to an RDL. And again, you can see that still puts that, all that pressure is on the front of the foot on the toes. So what's going to happen is, in order to get into that proper position, they're going to have to basically pull that bar back to them before they can stand up. So make sure, again, when you're looking at the office, they should be able to push through their entire foot to stand up with that lift. Okay, so as to keep the movement down, we'll start off with our feet and hip width. Make sure your shoulder blades are back on, you can pass through, we're going to come down with that bar. Make sure your shoulder is back, you can pass through the upper foot, measure your shoulder, and then you can't do this position. One time, you can't do this position, one time, you can do this position, and that's a circle of the spine. But what happens is, with some young athletes, a lot of times, if their heads go down, the body will fall and come up first. So you might have to teach those athletes a first to drive ahead, that'll help them get a better position. So we execute the movement, we're pushing our feet through the floor. We want to make sure that the biggest point you're looking for from the special longjuts, make sure those hips and shoulders come up to the same rate of speed. If the shoulders come up at the same rate of speed, they do it up on them. If the shoulders come up together, and that's the point. This advantage of a trap bar is there's no way to go off that bar by the top of the thigh. See how people who are here can make sure again the athletes are trusting like they want to do, and make sure that they don't push through hits over exaggerate that height with such. Because again there's no bar there to stop. So we want to make sure that shoulders hits these feet are all stacked up. So again, hopefully those tips will help you a little bit when you're teaching athletes to do a trap bar. Okay, so that's the cue to move. We're going to go ahead and start a session. Okay, hit, hit, hit, hit, hit, hit, hit.