So, we're going to demonstrate the double snatch now. It's not a competition move, but I use this all the time in my classes. For conditioning, metabolic conditioning, this is the best exercise. Now, what you've got to remember though about the snatch is, so this kettlebell here is 44 pounds at the top, 20 kgs. When you bring that kettlebell down, if you're not accepting that weight properly, your torque all of a sudden could be about 70 pounds torque. So, you're going to pair your shoulder. The most shoulder injuries I see are from CrossFit snatches because they're not accepting that weight down. They're just dropping that kettlebell straight down. So, you're going to torque your shoulder. So, you're going to bring that belt down. You're going to accept that weight. You're going to lead your elbow to your chest and accept that weight here and pop it back up. Now, it's especially hard for shorter, especially shorter women like me to get double kettlebell straight. You do everything. Double kettlebell snatch. This is a great tool. These will fry you really quick. So same thing, he gets them Bell straight when he's still going to use his hips. Squeeze his glutes. Breathing at the top. Out. And then in. Awesome. So, what you also want to remember about the snatches and my biggest fear is when I teach kettlebells, the snatches, the most technical move to teach, people want to take that kettlebell and they want to bring it out like this. Okay? No. Okay? Just no. Just don't do it. Fitness kettlebells because you got this fitness kettlebell here. I can muscle this bell up here and I can bring it out here. That's the disadvantage of fitness kettlebell. See? People think that's a snatch. That's not a snatch. You have to be able to, that weight has to be heavy enough that you need to use the proper techniques. You need to have to accept that weight here. You cannot bring that kettlebell out here. It has to come in and down and then back straight up that tube. Okay? We like to use this scenario. Either zip it up a hoodie, railroad track up your stomach. You want to bring that kettlebell up, not out because you're going to also shoulder torque or a tube up your stomach. So down the tube and back up the tube. I like to think of it at the top when you're sending your snatch. You want to snap your fingers at the top. That's one way I teach it. Snap your fingers, lends your elbow in and then turn your thumb in. Okay? When Ken does his snatch, he does not turn his thumb in. He just brings his down and goes in like this. Extremovate. I like to bring my thumbs in. So everybody's different. Just like everybody's different on their left or their bench. But this, he's still out of breath. Look at that. That was great conditioning. So you want to burn some fat. Get your heart rate. Get your conditioning up there. kettlebells.