Alright guys, my goodman, leadFTS.com. I'm down here in Cordoba, Tennessee with the owner of NBS Fitness. LeadFTS team member and future columnist David Allen. David thanks for having us. Thanks for having us. Once you tell us about your event you had today at the SFF in town and you guys were right on our own. Yeah, but at first SFF meet south of the border little pro and went away at 47-litres, a lot of guys and PRs, a lot of guys on their first meet. There's really good in Tennessee to hold NBS family come together. You know, leadFTS equipment is everyone loved it, everyone loved all the support. Really happy to turn out. Good, good. Now, talk to a little bit what you do here. This is always a secret for SFF. This is your business. Tell us what your main focus is here at NBS. Well, hard. Kind of main focus is just being the most badass facility in all of Memphis. With only powerlifting, strong man, hard court gym in the area. So, you know, I run the gym, yourself. Memberships also be personal training online training. I'm proud of Tim team, the coaches. Well, so, you know, my day is full of all kinds of activities, but many of you are trying to make people better to the sport of powerlifting. Yeah, your powerlifting team is really diverse. Everything from the young to coming guy to a couple guys that are on the verge of going pro and actually probably doing this really big things on sport. Even all the way down to your own mom. Now, tell us how do you program to accommodate that many different personalities and that many different levels of strength? Is it challenging for sure? I spend a lot of individual time, but mainly my main focus is I try to coach them and teach them. So, they can learn how to train themselves. I don't want them to just be, you know, following what I told them to do. I don't want them to have an understanding of why they're doing this stuff. And so then it becomes more of a two-person kind of process where you figure out together with the best path forward. So, you know, as I said, it's more individual. Every part we have a general game plan that we do, but it's a lot of one-one talking kind of come up with a plan. You know, each different phase and the same and so forth. Very good. To tell us a little bit about your background real quick, how did you get into this? And how did you go from being, where are you starting, where are you born today? So, how did you get that transition from being a strength coach into a business owner? And how are you, obviously? Yeah. You know, I started training in an eighth grade and continuing on through high school as a football player. I played in college, I just got to grade, I actually had science. I wanted to be a college-riting discipline coach. So, I actually got on at a D1 school in the SEC. I worked there for a little bit, got to chance come back up to Memphis and I wanted to support training facility. And then that time period, I kind of decided I wanted to try something different. So, I started pursuing physical therapy, realized that wasn't for me, but in that over that transition, I started personal training. I was a personal training at a local health club, you know, at a typical commercial gym. But it has the demand, there's a whole lot, but I was, you know, training, ton of clientele. So, I started with the process of trying to find a agenda more suited my personality and my knees. I'm realizing it wasn't one in the area. So, I took that as a good sign that we could use one here at Memphis. I just went to the steps to make that happen two years later. You know, we've got an amazing facility, a ton of people on it. So, it shows, you know, people needed a serious training facility. And so, that's kind of transition I went through. I wouldn't have picked it to happen or guess it wouldn't have happened when I first began, but I'm so happy that I love my job, I love this family, I love being associated with lead-up to the ES. I'm not going to ask what they better. No, it seems like it's really going well for you. So, tell everybody how that's what you're going to hold you, give us your contactor profession. How can people in the area contact you and get a be part of this family? Yeah, you got a website, www.nbsfinness.net. You can also find us on Facebook, at NBSfinness, or you can send me an email. It's David at NBSfinness.net. Okay, David, thanks for having me down here appreciate it. Thanks for having me down here appreciate it. Guys, we'll be doing more of these. This will be a little lead-up to ES Roadshow. Again, first stop here is David out. We'll be out because we're looking for his column at www.leadfts.com.