See if cool Scott here, Chad Aix. We're talking the topic for this segment. It's going to be a Chad someone that kind of puts everything into what he's doing. You have learned, you mentioned to me, I think last time you're out, that you've learned that you need to do a little bit less. Can you speak to that? Yeah, I think I actually overtraining and people bagging me sometimes because I talk about overtraining so much, but I think overtraining is basically like a plague in strength sports. You have two types of people. You have the lazy people that you're going to have to push and push and push and push and push. Those are people that don't have heart, which is what we talked about earlier. They're never going to be champions. And then you have the people that are aggressive as hell and they push and push and push. And these people, you got to hold back. And most top athletes are this type of person. And a lot of guys, I know a lot of guys that never get to the level they could get because they keep overtraining. And we had this mindset in America that more is better and push harder and push further. And I'm definitely that type of person, but through my sleep which we also talked about, my sleep being bad, I just don't recover for shit. And if you beat yourself up and you don't recover and you go back and beat yourself up again, you're not getting stronger. I say very often, we break ourselves down in the gym. We basically beat ourselves up. We do not get stronger in the gym. We get stronger when we're out of the gym, when we recover from the gym. And a lot of people as simple as that is, a lot of people don't understand that or they refuse to accept that they haven't really recovered. So I found out when I started training and I started off a basic Westside template and about every four weeks, everybody, everybody on my team would go to shit. I mean, we would be beat up, our speed would drop, our max lifts would drop, and I'm like, this is not right. And it was funny because Mark Bartley, I was reading about Mark Bartley who was kind of having similar problems at the same time. And what he did is he had everybody do a D-load week and a fourth week. Well, my aggressive mentality was like, no, I don't want to take a week off. So I'd rather spread this out so I'm still lifting more continuously, but there's more days off in between there. And then, you know, I spread it out a little bit, I'd get stronger, okay? Maybe we need to go a little more. Maybe we need to go in like the first couple of times I'm doubting myself. Because nobody else is doing it, everybody else is like killed themselves, go to the gym, be to crap with themselves. And but I'm like, my goal is to be the best I can be, and this isn't working. So then as I got stronger and stronger, I kept having to take more time off. And George Haber was actually one of the first people I heard mentioned that. As you get stronger, you're going to need more time off. And you are. You're stressing your drugs in your whatever. Yeah, you're stressing your center nervous system. You have a greater ability to recruit more muscle fibers. You have a greater ability to push your body, your technique at that point is more efficient. So you're lifting more weight, which is stressing your center nervous system. I mean, it makes sense if you think about it. And one of the best notes I had on that is my partner was squatting around nine, nine and a half. And I said, that's it. I go, I need to spread it out. And I think we were spreading out the basically I 14 days at that point. And we got into a big fight and he's like, fine, and I'll train on my own and I go fine. Whatever. I go, we're doing this. I go, I always do what the team needs and try to meet a middle point. And right now we need to do this. And so I finally he gave in. And I knew he would. And man, it was within like two or three months. He squatted its first thousand and a meat. And I kind of say, Scott, how about that idea I had? This entire topic makes me think of the importance of having a coach because a lot of people they can't Sop regulate and they need somebody that hasn't and outside perspective. Do you find that the fact that you act as a coach is a part of why you're able to kind of regulate yourself a little bit better? Yes and no, I think with me it boils down to I'm a very gold oriented person. And if my goal is to squat this amount of weight, I'm going to do whatever the hell it takes for that to happen. And sometimes even if that's me like putting myself in check going chat, yeah, you think you're recovering but you're not. That's what I'll do. But from a coach and team standpoint, it helps a bunch. I even know to this point when I started my team, it was a requirement that like you're going to learn technique. You're going to speak the hell up. You're going to help load plates, you know, everybody, we're a team. Everybody's going to do everything. And if I see somebody doing something wrong, somebody else doesn't say something, I'm going to jump their shit for not saying it. You know, and when a guy comes in new, I'm always like, what did you do wrong? Until I know the guy starts getting it, you know, and it got to the point where my guys are like, Chad, you're done. You're done today. You know, we can tell, we can see your speed, we can see how you look. Because there's a lot of science for me when my sleep gets bad and there's a lot of science to overtraining. And you know, when any one of us starts getting down there, you'll start hearing, hey, how's your appetite? How are you sleeping? You know, how are you feeling, how's your flexibility? And like you hear all these questions start getting the asking, it's like, yeah, you're done, dude. And like, well, are you it? I've argued it. I've had time. There's times where I've went to the bathroom and those guys unload the bar and I come back pissed off and reload it. And they're like, you're done. I'm like, you know, I'm not, you know, I'll do it. And then we get into big argument at you of how it looks and I say, it looks like shit. And usually they're right, but I still like to argue sometimes. So I think I think having a team and guys that are on board and that actually know is a huge thing. And I think that helped me a lot. Because I mean, I think I do have a lot of self-control, but like I said, I do stupid things all the time. And it took me longer and longer to this point and my partners go, Chad, knock it off. I'm like, crap. All right, I'm done. I don't like it, but at least I listen now. And one of the other things that I just thought of where we were talking, the sleek thing. When my sleep set is best, like I wake up a lot. And what I found with watching my partners and their overtraining, if they do overtraining, their sleep will start getting screwed up too. And it starts very similar to my, my word, my regular nights, you know, like mine just won't get. Going to bed and waking up in the morning is not, it's actually unfathomable to me. I can't even imagine it. I'm rarely asleep longer than a couple hours at one time. But my partners all sleep normal. And we found out from, like I said, the conversations, I mean, things are going wrong. Well, like everybody sits on the gym, why is it going wrong? And what's going, what's happening? And we'll have big discussions about it. And we found out over time that when they do start overtraining, they're sleeping bad. And it always starts by them being really restless and having trouble falling asleep and waking up a lot during a night. And it's like when I first catch that, next week you're either de-load or take it completely off. I don't really care, but you're not lifting heavy. And then within four or five days, our sleep goes back to normal. And I'm like, I don't want anyone to experience the crap I have with my sleep. So I'm like, no, that's it. You're done. If you're not sleeping, you're not recovering. You're just going to make everything worse. You're not getting stronger. So stop. Just stop till it gets right. Okay. Okay. The wisdom of doing less. Thank you, Jen.