My name is Josh Bryant. I've had the opportunity to train with numerous strong men from all over the country and some people that hold world records and all sorts of things. My path to where I've gotten now where I'm coaching many of the top bench presses of the world is not a traditional path. I started in the trenches in the gyms first and then kind of went to the academic side so I kind of figured out a lot of what worked first Then the y later I was fortunate enough to be the youngest person to bench press 600 pounds and hopefully Peter here can break that If I had the chance to train numerous world record holders now and basically my my priorities now is a success of my clients. It doesn't matter I'm not competing anymore, but that is my priorities now. So that's a little bit about me. Now we're going to get into just a little bit about the actual history of the bench press here. So the way it started out with sort of a strength training in America was in the 40s and before that the most popular lift was overhead press. Then around that time weightlifting started a little bit more mainstream and people started getting into bench press because not only were people wanted to lift to be strong And that you know and functional they actually wanted to look the part two. So bodybuilding got popular and then you know that started getting more people into weightlifting Olympic lifting was too technical for a lot of people so a lot of people didn't want to have any to do with it So that's sort of how the bench press got popular and if we look at some of the history of the world records is anybody here know what the world record and the bench press is now 722 that's the raw world record. That's the most a person's done. What anybody know it is equipped Yeah, something. I don't even know somewhere around 1100 pounds. So you know the history of the real world record and the bench press started off in night. It first person to bench press 600 pounds. Anybody know when that was He's 560 Pat Casey, 617. Yep. What year was that? In 1967. So we're looking at 47 years ago. So now over you know nearly 50 years the world record has gone up 105 pounds That's pretty compatible to like track and field records and things like that. So that that's why sometimes you're going to read you know I think this is going to be a more Roughly crowd here. So you know, but that's sort of why you're going to see sometimes a muscle and fitness some But you know bench pressing 1100 pounds or whatever it is. It's not really you know them doing it. So the for what we're doing here. If you're not like a parola after of any sort you just want to train For general fitness your physique body building whatever what we're going to talk about here building a raw bench press is going to actually have Some carry over and a lot of what we're going to talk about here with the bench press is going to you know it's going to carry over into all the different lifts I'm talking about so Next we're going to if anybody has any questions at any time you know feel free to stop me Next we're going to talk about The bench press in the seven grand eddy laws anybody here ever heard of the seven grand eddy laws Training these were these are categorized but doctor Fred Hatfield so in theory Like when like the way the United States is governed there's going to be a Supreme Court and all this and they're they're going to ultimately come back to the constitution To make a decision now that you know they don't do that all the time, but I don't think you're allowed to carry guns with a permit or anything in Washington DC so clearly You know that's not what they're always doing, but that's what I suppose to do Okay, so with the seven grand eddy laws this is kind of serving as my constitution on how to Design an effective program the first one The law of individual differences this is just basically we all have different abilities and weaknesses And we're all going to respond to a program a little differently so this doesn't only go you know just to the physical part This actually goes to the psychological part too because some people If they you know stop do their last heavy deadlift say three weeks out from a meat they're going to feel great There mind's going to be right to pull huge other people are going to be sort of like you know I'm touched weighton very long So there is a psychological component that's your injury history your You know nutritional status you're not so legal stuff limits status all that kind of stuff is going to be an individual difference The over compensation principle This is basically just saying mother nature compensates for training stress by giving you bigger and stronger muscles you lift weights to get bigger you get stronger. I mean it's pretty straightforward The overload principle This is probably the most common talked about seven grand eddy law all this is saying is To make mother nature compensate you must stress your muscles beyond what they're already used to so that could be You know someone is starting out you know that could be just you're going to add five pounds every single week But obviously that doesn't work forever. You can't just literally keep adding weight forever. You're going to have to do you know for instance If you could bench press the bar today and three years from now if you want to five pounds a week you're at eight twenty five So that's you know you're beating the current world record by hundred and three pounds So you know there's obviously going to be periods of increased decreased loading cycling things like that But the bottom line is you've got to overload your training even if you're doing You know one extra set in the same amount of time you've overload your training cutting down a rest interval whatever you know increasing frequency that's that's an That's overloading so like in the case of Jackson right here. We're doing like some rehab work, but it's still overloading to you know Where we started from The The said principle anybody ever heard of this one specific adaptation is doing posed demands so Generally it's going to be going a little beyond just bench pressing you know if you want to increase your bench press you got to bench press Yeah, that's true, but there's going to be a little more to it. So if you have like a specific weakness or anything and you target that weakness You can therefore bench press you there for concern pass what you did that would fall under the guys of you know the said principle right here The use this use principle use their lose it basically that means your muscles if you're not using them. They're going to they're going to go away. You know the bulk you've had it's going to go away You know keep building your strength eventually you're going to lose your strength that simple Glad you could join us, sure The gas principle This is the acronym for general adaptation syndrome Basically all it's the saying in a nutshell as you can't just go heavy work out in work out out you have to have a deal of weeks Deal workouts you have to go lighter sometime because like we talked about you just keep pilein weight on the bar You know eventually you're going to run to some sort of Worst case scenarios a plateau You know exceeding best case scenario worst case been injury Finally the specificity principle. This is sort of what we're talking about is ultimately To increase your bench press you're going to have to bench press it's not going to happen on a chest press machine. You know, so you're going to have to bench press if you want to get better at the bench press Okay, so here we go Here's a video right here of Jeremy Hornstreau There's a 450 pounds This is called compensatory acceleration training. We're going to talk about right here Who here is anybody here ever heard of compensatory acceleration training? Cool So it's a brain child of Dr. Fred Hatfield that's somebody that I consider one of my mentors I talked to Even now probably at least three times a week or so The basic tenet behind it is you're trying to you're trying to produce high forces while you're lifting so you know Sometimes acceleration so basically instead of just weren't about pollen more weight on the bar you're going to try to move That that weight faster. So what we're keeping in mind here is compensatory acceleration training is a training method It's not a routine so it's not like you know, I this is my workout compensatory acceleration training is basically a way you're actually performing your reps So what we talk about here with compensatory acceleration training is movement intention versus muscle intention So if you've ever heard of like a bodybuilder talking about like trying to like feel the muscles work that you know so it makes sense like a flyer something you're trying to Feel the chestwork you're not trying to realistically swing the dumbbells That's fine for that but for compensatory acceleration training we want to concentrate on the movement so your thought is without sacrificing technique or tightness Move the weight is explosively as possible from point A to point B that makes sense Okay, so what we're going to do here is let's say you bench press anybody here bench press about for interpounds of that area Okay, so Peter when he's 12 Dave now So let's say you did five sets of four reps at 250, okay So if that how many what's five times for anybody 20 good, okay, now let's divide those reps into halves. What's 20 times too? 40 good, so we have 40 halves, okay, so if you're bench pressing normally say you know that if you're doing that 250 for Five sets of four you know on the first let's say the first three reps. I mean they're pretty easy, right? So there's breeze right through Okay, so then on We'll go step further and yeah, let's say that just the first three reps. You know you just breeze right through him. So then the fourth the fourth and the fifth rep, okay On the fourth rep the bottom because the strength curve of the lifts going to say you know the top half Excuse me the bottom half some more difficult part of the lift so on the fourth rep the bottom half of the lift was difficult enough to give you some sort of an adaptive overload Okay, so let's say in the last rep the whole thing what the last set of the last rep The whole thing was so of those 40 halves Basically what we got three halves that are actually giving you adaptive overload if we had four halves You know, be 10% for like a 7.5% of efficiency rating of what's actually giving you adaptive overload So if you want to actually get stronger think about that from perspective of day in day out weekend Week in month and month out. It's not a very efficient way to train if you're trying to train You know to get a strong as possible if you're not compensatorally accelerating the weight Okay, so basically the idea here is we're trying to not let any neurological restraints hold us back So we want to just blast that way through a full range of motion and the idea is not energy conservation So that initial video I showed when he did like 10 reps That's the whole point was to show is usually when people talk about compensatory acceleration training They're going to talk about one to three reps I mean it could be a hundred reps if you try to perform in that way. It's the intent to move it that way So you're still going to get the desired adaptation if you're trying to move the weight explicitly So you're going to still get some explosive strength benefits if you try to move a Maxwell weight It's not going to move explosively, but that's got to be the intent Okay, so here's some general guidelines for compensatory acceleration training This is a way to do the lifts. It's not like a certain training routine Okay, so we want to do more sets and fewer reps So instead of thinking three sets of eight reps Let's think eight sets of three reps. Now anybody why would we do that? You can look more weight that way too Absolutely, and then yeah, except I saw your at that one thing we're talking about those clusters sets Yeah, yeah, okay, yep, and then okay, so then not only that, but the basic part is if you know nothing about science If you just came out of a cave and just somehow discover lifting weights is there's more first reps And power off things of one rep sports so it doesn't matter what you can do five reps That's just a way to get there all that matters at the end of the day and power off thing is what you can do for one rep So a way to do these sets more explosively is Do a heavy set first if you do it like just so say we're going to work out with 315 for eight sets of three if you hit like a 350 for one rep first 315 is going to be more explosive. This isn't like my opinion. This is documented in a bunch of studies But you ought to try it sometime if you know you haven't tried it before You can bend the torque acceleration train just look at it is the method of doing your lifts. I mean that that's what it is. That's how you want to train the parals We want to control the negative and explode the positive and last but not least we got to think technique technique Never lose tightness so all this is great, but it's never at the expense of the technique or the tightness You know I know this is a bad example, but sometimes when people will throw a shot put There's throwing like their colleges are doing like a 16 pound shot but they'll throw like a 12 or 13 To try to build speed and they totally change your technique just to try to throw the weight further So you want to do this within keeping your legitimate technique You