Every buddy Steve Coltscut, Senior Content Manager for leadFTS.com. We're talking once again to Brian Mann and Brian, your topic at the seminar is optimal arousal for lifting. So my question to you, it's kind of obvious to anyone who has spent any time in the gym that certain people have a certain level of getting psyched up or a lift that works for them. Do you find that there are certain types where there are like a spectrum of arousal that works for people? What can you speak to that? Yeah, it's a spectrum, really, for any given person within a given lift on any given day, they've got a level of arousal that's going to be optimal for them. There's this zone, so getting under arousal, obviously if you're not psyched up enough, you can't even get yourself into the gym. And then there's over aroused where you get yourself so psyched up, you missed the lift because you lose your group. So there's a continuum there. And within that, it varies for the person from year to year with experience and things like that. I was actually just talking with somebody earlier about this, there's like, yeah, you know, so-and-so gets really psyched up, but I can't. And you know, they're thinking I'm not bringing it, but if I get psyched up, I lose it. Well, it's just different people have got different things. Some people are just biomechanically suited for something. Like me, I've got short legs, long torso. I was, I was perfectly for squatting. I could, didn't have to think about it. Just whenever I naturally the first day that I squatted, it looked great. It looked textbook. So I could get extremely aroused for my squat and it would be great. Now my first bench, whenever I was squatting, over 600 pounds, I could barely bench 300 pounds. In a bench shirt. My body, while I had the big chest and everything, I just, I didn't know how to bench. I couldn't group it. So anytime that I would get psyched up on the bench, I would just shoot it back towards my face and completely lose it. So whenever I found that, hey, on the squat, I need to get psyched up on the bench press if I get psyched up, I'm done. So just finding that, around that zone for each person and getting that range for that person down for that lift. What compromises that is it's a hormonal level, is it a brain wave pattern, what different things go into optimal Russell? To achieving the arousal? So there, it's just simply arousal is just the level of upness, how excited you are. And there are a lot of things that affect that, you know, your heart rate would absolutely be one. You've got your sympathetic, parasympathetic nervous systems. So if to engage arousal, there's a lot of different means to do that. So some ways that people do it are, you know, the loud music, et cetera. A ammonia? A ammonia? That's a great way. I'm actually going to have ammonia in a topic for the column coming up, so which is certain things up here. Breathing is actually an excellent way to do it. If you look at Robert Sapolsky's work from why Zubers don't get ulcers, well, that's just its book. There were some studies talking about this that the vagus nerve, which regulates breathing, is also heavily engaged in the autonomic nervous system. So if you breathe deeply through the nose, you engage the parasympathetic nervous system to bring you back down. Work breathing through the mouth engages the sympathetic nervous system, which elevates you for arousal. So things like breathing simply thoughts what you're thinking. That has a lot to do with arousal. And it's just a total systemic thing. It's not just one thing with the brain waves or the hormones. Everything works together as a system. And if you don't understand that, it's really easy to get over aroused. For instance, how many people use stimulants on meat day that they don't use normally? Then they try and go through their normal arousal process. And then they get way over-amps and they start doing just stupid things that they haven't done in years. It's just totally systemic. It's not just one individual. Okay, it's section. You know, it's interesting. You talk to a student, you're talking about the breathing. For anyone that spends some time in the gym, they can kind of picture that. You see people kind of, you know, pacing like a leopard in a cage. They get ready. And just certain things that, that as you say them, it just clicks, yeah, that these people don't even realize what they're doing, but they're triggering that. How is it that someone develops this? Do you think it's just a memory of people around you or is it just a natural progression for what you want to accomplish? I think some of it's both. I mean, the humans just work simply off modeling. So they see other people doing something that they start doing it. I mean, that's the way that we learn how to walk. It's that's human nature. I think that also people learn what works for them. And you're not going to keep doing something if it doesn't work. So the pacing, that is something that actually goes in with that nervous system, some pathetic nervous system activation. You know, getting that adrenaline, that fighter flight and the thoughts that are going on with that typically somebody's doing that pacing, that pacing is actually a result of what's going on in their head, the rage that's forming. And it's just an expression of that. People are just doing whatever it takes for them to get where they need to be. Have you ever watched, like if you get on YouTube and you see videos of people from the police car where someone attacks a police officer, where it's very similar to someone approaching a bar. Yeah. You know, some of those characteristics. Right. Yeah. That's human nature. That's just straight up human nature. It's just what we're bringing out to achieve the optimal results. I'm going to just sort of set this up. I'm going to ask you a question that I recently asked Chad eggs. Chad eggs in the interview. We look at two classic examples at Cohen, home reserved, flips it on when he's under the bar. Kirk Warsky, raging bull, heading at the bar. Do you think that they might benefit if Ed Cohen had gone part way closer to Kirk, or would Kirk be better if you would have gone part way closer to the style that Ed or they perfect where they were. I think they were perfect where they were. And the reason being is that Ed knew what he needed to do. I mean, Ed Cohen's, I actually just found this because I'm moving. The his mental training thing that he talked about in like 1996 issue of muscle and fitness, about how he goes through and he approaches through visualization. And he is using his mind to try and go through the lip before he does it and focus on all the technique. Where Kirk, his body was more just sympathetic dominant where he was just turned on, I'm ready to go. I'm going to kill somebody or I'm going to get the lift, one or the two, but something's going down. They were each just where they needed to be. There is no one blanket optimal for everybody. That's why everybody responds differently to training and some people who were better different exercises than others. Everyone's different is the individual variance. I think they were perfect where they were or else they wouldn't have reached that at least that is. Excellent. Thank you.