What are the risks and rewards to male hormone replacement therapy? In my office it depends what you want to do with the hormones of course because I have a lot of patients that do use it for performance but I will say this, I'm 50 years old, I'm a woozy. The only reason I don't take that is because I'm scared of shots though but the Mr. Stevens are there are other ways to get hormones like you say if you want to do them and I totally most people are not aware of what the choices are and I want to go through seven choices. First of all, injections and those are the rose Royce of steroids, okay or hormones. I don't want to use the word steroids hormones, okay. The second choice is I will say pellets and pellets go, excuse my language on your ass, okay and they put six to seven pellets depending on what you want to do now. The problem with those is the problem with those pellets is that you have side effects then you have to go out from the one or two is take you very high levels and they can mess with your receptors later. The other way is optoly creams or gels, most people are familiar with the Ander gel, test them and things like that, those will get you levels up, one is better and the other one, actually of all the gels if you're going to go to your physician, ask for testing, give you higher free levels because the way you get to your skin. Now the problem with those is I noticed that a lot of people initially they feel better because they gained the initial upload of it and then after that they level off and they say well I don't feel like I used to, okay. The next one is what I call sublimples in which you put on the uton, the problem with those they are acutely elevated your testosterone levels or your hormones levels but only do it for like maybe an hour to two hours and then they go down. For me, my preferable one will be something called trockys and I know you guys are no familiar with that but the testosterone picks four times during the day on a man. Also that depends also if you're full-bolting winds, they go up, if you see you wipe naked, they go up, if you lose a basketball game you go down so it's very dependent on what's going on in your life but trockys are little squares that go under your lip. They take like an hour and a half to dissolve. The cool things about this one is because it takes a long time to dissolve it will elevate your levels between three to four hours and then you're ready for the next one. So your levels go up and down and actually they don't shut you down and that's my biggest forte on those and I see they will benefit the person. The only ones are patches and the patches always give you a regular reaction that will avoid my time and the last one are all hormones and I don't use those because first of all the toxic to the liver, quankul, you have to take high levels. The ones available suck they're not good at all. The FDA is going to prove I think in March of this next year they're going to prove injection that last actually six months. I mean maybe I can handle that but I don't know like I say I'm a worse but to see the benefit to ratios I would absolutely I mean I don't use them yet not because like I said I'm scared of the shot but I will say I will definitely use them. They help benefit totally out weight whatever they don't care who tells you different. The risk factors are prostate cancer absolutely is a lie. If you have a higher estrogen levels than you have problems if you have heart disease, recently testosterone I shown that it would decrease the chance of you dying. So if you have a good physician I will go ahead and get my blood levels tested in Europe. The official test is urine because it tests all the metabolites. I like to use saliva because I can see what's going through the whole day. I can see where you're picking down and when you go up and down and that's my answer I will definitely use them.