Hey everybody Steve Coltskott here for leadfts.com. We are with someone that's familiar with all of you, John Mountain Dog Meadows, the half child of Darkside, or Thanos, wrong comic book characters, Thanos. Darkside's cousin. And with Santana Anderson, who some of you have seen, he's been out here a couple of times and trained with Dave and John, and he might have been the guy that did the last bit on his hip and he never even just destroyed that joint. I hear he'll be back soon though. And to put this in time, Reffen Stavet has hit replaced yesterday. So he's out of the things right now. You guys have been working, Santana, tell us a little bit about your background prior to going pro. I've been about you. From East Coast to Canada, Halifax and Obliscocia, I guess a certain competing 2002-2003, had a couple of fair years and then one of my provincial show that would be the equivalent in the state show. And so that qualified me for national for lifetime. So I went to national, as I think the last time 2006, I didn't think it was going to compete anymore after that. Took about three or four years off. If it was university, got married, had a baby, did all that light stuff. And then 2010 was our Christmas time. I started training a little bit harder again and got ready for national in August. And ended up winning the overall, getting my pro card. So since then, I've competed three times as a pro. First time was Toronto. And then a week later, that was 2011. Week later, after the Toronto, I did Tampa. Not really great show. It was probably a bit of a lot of the pack. 18 guys. I was 11th and 12th. And then last year I did Fibo. And a little bit better. It was a little bigger show when I came and died. So since then, I started working with John that would have been in July, I believe, of 2012. And we could go on straight since then. Okay. John, when, when, when, since then, I knew hooked up together. What is your, what was your assessment of him on what things he needed to work with and what type of athlete you're working with? Well, when he sent me the first set of pictures. There were two things that really jumped out. Number one was, this guy has a lot of muscle. He's a big, big, thick guy. A lot of muscle. We want to have to train really, really hard and smart to gain more muscle. The second thing that jumped out of me was his waist was when the block he saw it. So, you know, one of the things that we talked about also, the same thing I mentioned was he didn't want to blow up and, you know, get to 262, 70 or 280. Just for general health reasons, you know, I'm kind of in the same boat. It carrying around a bunch of extra weight. Doesn't really do any good. So, I thought, you know, this is good because his waist will be able to tighten up a little bit from not blowing up and, you know, getting so heavy and body weight. But what we wanted to do was kind of streamline his, his midsection, which is not easy to do. And then also, same damage torso and his legs in particular are really good, and where he lags as his arms. So, we've been, you know, working hard on his arms. Not anything, you know, anything outside of what we would normally do. But I just thought that the style of training he would, you know, the he'd be doing would work well. And the last time actually he was down here, you could see him as formed some of the little subtle nuances that needed corrected, like, memory or curler, and yet you could see almost by several loose contraction in the front double take over. So, some in terms of working on his arms, it wasn't a situation where we said, we're just going to throw the kitchen sink out and train them all the time. Which is a viable option for some of you. It was more of, you know, let's work on foreign. Yesterday we were playing around with different movements, hit different parts of the tricep that, you know, the long had a lot of head and so forth. So, that and the other thing, and, and same tennis first, you know, batsman from Aichi sent me was, you know, and he has some digestive issues, which is extremely common in our sport, particularly from people that power shove, that my turn for just constantly, just for the sake of putting on weight. And so, you know, what type of nutrition program are you following prior to that? Like, off season, it would be, I'd be trying to get in 6,000,000 calories a day, and be, you know, a fair bit of clean food, but then there'd be a lot of extra food on top that, and it would be a lot of food. So, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I get that heavy and then I ended up dying, dying down back to about the same way that was the year before. So, it just didn't seem like there's any rhyme or reason to it. Okay. Yeah, you know, that's been my experience with most people. I don't wanna say everybody, but the large majority of people, there's a diminishing return where you just eat for the sake of eating, and gain weight for the sake of eating weight, and it doesn't really do any things. The stretcher's stomach, yeah. Yeah. And so, you know, your body can only absorb so many nutrients, and it's pretty cool now because you look at his calories now. You know, they might fluctuate between 3700 to 4,000. These grow, he's grown though. And you can look at his pictures, and you can see his hamstrings are thicker, his box thicker. You can see growth with less calories. So, what that tells me is his body wasn't necessarily necessarily absorbing and using all the calories he was eating before. Plus, just the pure fact that it was just forcing him down wasn't the first digestive system. So, we've kind of got those things, you know, we fine tune him a lot better now, and things are going well. Okay. So, as it's safe to say that it might be just higher nutrient as well, if you're cutting out the crap you're getting more nutrients. More nutrients can get into it for sure. And I found different foods like switching over to, you know, the grass would be even stuff like that while cuts. And like, I just, just better choices of food as opposed to just, you know, calories from the sake of calories. Did you figure out any foods that were particularly bad with him? The only thing I can think of all the top of my head is, I think we've backed down oats. It may be sweet potatoes, more of few occasions, and replace those creamer ice. Creamer ice is just, um, basically one of the least allergenic foods out there. Yeah, and it's just creamer ice is just cream-related ice. So, and then I think, like within a week, it was boom, right, you know, right back to, you know, been a good shape. And, and how do you tolerate carbs in general? Are you a medium carb looker? You know, I think beating myself up with carbs in the past is made me a little more kerbsensitive. So, where, you know, carbs are not on the low end by no means, but they're not like seven or eight hundred like they were before. So, I wouldn't say, and the ball goes a good ball to come around the train, that peri work at nutrition. Okay. And where are you at, uh, with your programming right now, as far as a word of getting ready for something? I think it'll be another two or three weeks, and, uh, we're going to start a 20 week prep, I believe. And that'll be towards, uh, Tampa Bay, uh, second week of August, and then a week later in Dallas. Okay. And do you have a game plan set in a set in place for that to hear? Well, the nice thing is, the same thing is, and really good shape right now. So, the 20 weeks, when you say a 20 week prep, it's not 20 weeks of grueling diet. You know, it's, um, it's really fine, too, and if I were to take a guess on what his body fat now, as I would say 8%. You know, he's right where he needs to be. So, right now, the game plan is to not do any massive reductions in carbs and fat. Nothing drastic. I don't think anything drastic is needed. It's just when we fine, too, and I don't see the need right now for much cardio. You know, maybe we'll do a little, but I don't think that'll, I don't think that's something that would be a benefit, done tons of cardio. So, you know, he's, he's in a good place right now because, you know, going for a may percent to 5%, you know, we could probably push the gas and we could probably do it in six day weeks. Or maybe lose a little bit of muscle, but he might actually, we find this a lot of people. We might actually gain another few pounds of muscle that last 20 weeks. So, I think the main thing right now is we wanted to get to a place where nothing drastic was needed, and I think that's where we were at. Okay. Zantan, what's, can you look back at since you started working with John, what foods have you in limited other than we mentioned the oats and... I'm like desserts every day. I don't need a lot of chicken. You know, I mean, like there was a lot of chicken and, you know, that's more of a preference preference than I think. What else would have irritated me? There's all pasts or anything in there. It's just generally like rice, a little bit of oats here and there, some easy kill bread, but a lot more beef. Fat, fatty sources of protein, eggs, I've started doing whole eggs, and I feel great on those. And, John, you're known for choosing healthy fats. Have you adjusted your fan intake, the types of fats, right? Yeah, like I said, the egg yolks, I'll have almond butter, it's a big part. What else, coconut oil? I think that's about it for healthy fats, but I, and then I get it some good saturated fats from the beef and whatnot. Okay, and as this prep continues, John, what type of things do you look at? How often do you touch base with him and when do you make those adjustments? Once we get to 20 weeks out, it becomes pictures every week instead of every other week. And one of the things that I like to do is I like for somebody to take their fat, a stereo and do a skin fold on it. I know a lot of people think that calipers aren't really accurate. It's not that you want it to be, this is going to sound funny, but I'm getting somewhere with this. It's not that you need the caliper to be accurate. You need the time you do it, the exact technique you do it, that's what needs to be accurate, so you can see consistency. So you can see trending. So if somebody has a 10 millimeter reading on their subscat, really there are 12, it doesn't matter. What matters is that 10, go to 9, does that 9, go to 8? You're just looking for trending. So it's really important that the person does it the exact same way. So what we do is we'll just pick one area, it's fast area. Like for me personally, I do my subscat. And if you're fast area, it's going in the right direction, you're fine. You're always when we find. I don't bother with, you know, like in his case, like his legs or his arms. Of course they're going to be lean. You know, take the fast part. If it's going in the right direction, you're fine. Ideally, you don't need to make a lot of adjustments. So that's what we'll do though. Every week, he knows. He's saying, I was really meticulous about pictures. So we'll just picture, we'll take a skin photo. Look at his body weight. But really when I'm looking for him, somebody weighs herself. Is I'm just looking to cut off. I'm looking to stop something if there's something drastic that happens. In other words, if he weighs 240, and the next week he weighs 230, that's a red light that may hate something that's wrong here. Something's not, it's not that I care that he's. It's just, you want to cut off if something crazy is happening, somebody's body. That's why he's a scale. So, you know, I basically use all the things that people don't use. I use a scale. I use scalpers. But the way I do it is a little different. And of course, pictures, you know, pictures don't lie. As long as they're done in the same lighting the same time, same. And as all this, I mean, it's all about consistency and taking information. And just looking at it and seeing what changes are made. And so, we'll see how it goes. Okay. The Mountain Dog training. Tell us your thoughts on that. What he's had you done? What he's had you done? Do. It was your training program and the results you've gotten from that. I think the biggest part for me with the training, like I was doing last year, would have done high intensity training, so low volume. It wouldn't be in the gym very long. So it seemed with that kind of training to get ready for a show anyway. I needed to do a ton of cardio because I'd be there maybe 30, 45 minutes to do a body part. So now the biggest part for me is it's fun. You know what I mean? It's with the new programs every week and the different set up. It's really challenging. And there's no monotony in going to the gym. So I think by having that variety, it's too full. It gets you motivated. You're excited to get in there and see what your new workout is for the week. And by having that intensity out, I think, you're able, your body responds a lot better. And it takes away the need of pounding away on an hour to a cardio every day. Okay. John, do you find that people that come to you for the training side of things? Do you have any people that just can't do it? It's just due. They don't have the mental side to push it. Yeah. Absolutely. You know, it's not meant for beginners. There's sets that we work in. We call challenge sets and that's where, you know, like if we're doing a set of squats or deadlifts, what we're just going to do enough as many reps as we can to just fall over. And you know, quite frankly, you know, everybody has a capacity to do that. Some people, you know, the interesting thing is some people they're nervous system gets shot so easy. To me, that's almost, like if you were to ask me about genetics, like what's the worst genetic trait you can have. What always pops up first on my mind is that somebody with a really weak central nervous system. They can't even push yourself without being completely dead the next day. So, there are some people that, you know, do fit into that. You know, I try to be real upfront people and say this is a meant for beginners or in a media. It takes, you know, takes hard. So, well, something that's pretty common with with our readers being that we have a lot of power, which is they talk about GPP, which is another word for a dog. You can almost see exchange with conditioning. One of the things that I always think about, I think of Mike Manson, the high intensity training, the stuff that you had done earlier and that we've all played with at some point, is that Mike Manson always talk that you have this level that you have to reach. But he never talked about improving that ability to withstand more. Do you think that that's a factor in things? And do you think that obviously how much of that is genetic and how much is just to people have to build their GPP enough to withstand what you do? Well, so a couple things, I get people, you know, I like to do leg curls before squats. I'll get people that the first couple weeks, their squat is way down just from doing leg curls. That tells me that their GPP is not good. If a couple sets of leg curls, where you have for squats, there's a problem. That's not good. That's very common though. But then as you progress, the third week, the fourth week, and then those same people are sitting in the email saying, wow, now I'm doing more than I was doing. So you can definitely improve it. The other part is some of the stuff we do that really pushes you to the limit. There's something that for a lot of people something clicks, and it kind of turns their passion on for training. And when you have this passion and as a drive to really do it, you can do more. I wish I could come up with some cool scientific equation to explain how that works. But the bottom line is, when somebody does something, they didn't, you know, like somebody might put three, 15 on the bar, they're squatting, maybe the most have ever done a six, and then all of a sudden they do 13, and they're just on a cold night. Man, they see what's possible. They see what's possible. So it kind of wakes them up, it wakes up this passion and then they start to expect more from themselves. So they come into the gym the next time and they know what they know that maybe the limitations they were putting on theirself before, they could exceed that. And a lot of people do get that. You know, it just varies how much they get it. You know, there's one end of the spectrum like Dave. Dave is at the very top end of the spectrum. He's going to do everything he is so passionate. He's going to do everything he can to milk every ounce of everything that's body. You know, and I certainly we don't expect there by to be like that, but one of the things, one of the coolest things about working with people is when you can kind of, when you read their emails and talk to them and you get this sense that it's clicking for them now. Yeah, now they got it, now they're, you know, they're going to be alright. So excellent. Well, thanks about the humor, we're going to be watching you progress in your career, and we see you every weekend, John. You know, we enjoy, you know, the things you share is obvious that your training system is evolving and it's from working with, you know, people at all levels, especially at the top end people. So thank you.