This is a date from the lead FTS with a special edition of Table Talk. This is a special edition because it falls outside of the normal archives that I've already free-recorded for the table talks that we're going to be posting. This is I'm doing a replace of postwork out training tip. My brains are a little fri, I'm tired, I'm exhausted, so I don't know how well this is really going to go. I probably am going to say, uh, way too often. So you can probably make a drinking game out of this. We'll be another one I'll probably say way too often as I do when I get tired. The first question is, uh, there you go, is business related and it was, um, there you goes and I know. Basically the question is, did I, did I always know that I was going to be in this industry, by industry, strengthening, conditioning, powerlifting, strengthening, and so on? Man, since I was a kid and first started training, it's all I ever wanted to do. So, you know, did I, did I know? I don't know if I really knew, but I wanted to, you know, it's real I've always wanted to get bigger to get stronger and then, you know, later on to help other people get bigger and to get stronger. And as I said in other videos and some of these articles that I've written that, you know, training is my, um, sanctuary, you know, is this where I go to be saying, you know, so I feel that I can help other people from from that standpoint is to be able to have someplace that or something that's, you know, all to their own that they may not otherwise have. So, I'm glad it worked out this way. I guess that's, that's kind of where I'm going with this is, for a long time, I thought, man, I was, I was all I'm going to do is balance and strip clubs. You know, that went on for years and years and years and years, you know, I didn't, it took me a long time to get through college or as a lot of years bouncing, there's a lot of times bouncing and strip clubs and I swear that I thought this is what I'm going to have doing for the rest of my life and it's just, you know, I worked really hard and studied hard and tried to make the right connections and, you know, trained my ass off as far as as I'm as Jim and everything just kind of, you know, it kind of came together because this is what I'm so passionate about is, you training and helping other people with their training. So, I really don't think that I would be that good, it doing anything else. I, I don't know if I would, I always, any job I ever had always worked the hardest I possibly could and, and tried to be the best, I possibly could at that position, it was never happy really doing anything else, you know, I did it for money, you know, to be able to help for Jim do's and supplements and so forth. It always kind of fell back and related to, to training. So it's, it's kind of a, it's a weird, weird question to answer because I really want to say, yeah, but, you know, there's a lot of doubt, you know, along the way as far as how, how it was going to be a part of my life in the way that I want it to be and the way that I want it, continue it to be, you know, I don't want it to be as, as I kind of bashed on the fitness industry before, I don't want to be that guy, I don't want to be that company, I don't want to be that, you know, that's, that's not who I am, I kind of despise it and I wouldn't be happy that way and I don't think that the culture, the company, I don't think the people who who come to the site, I don't, I don't think they'd want to see us go that way and it's, and one regard, it's, it's limiting to the, the target market that way actually focus on and another regard, it's embracing because it stays, it's stays true to who I am, you know, sticking with the people who really, really like to train and make it a high priority in their life, that's who we are, that's who I am, that's, you know, who I hang out with, that's who are sponsored, I mean, it's who we are, it's what we do, you know, the other day just asked about equipment, you know, I've always, I've always said that, you know, any piece of equipment that we bring out or product that we bring out, I want to bring it out as far, so the strongest, the strongest, most, you know, and the world can use it and try to break it and not damage it, you know, I want this stuff built for the strongest people in the world. If it's built for the strongest people in the world, it's going to handle everybody down the line. I don't want to build trap that's built for somebody that's, you know, I've got a max quad of three, four hundred pounds or whatever the average spot would be and I don't want to build something that's going to be built with the assumption that, well, most people only are going to train three to five years. So, you know, that's bullshit, I want to build something that's built that Brian Carroll can try to squash 1200 pounds on, you know, that, you know, DeSencio can try to bench 800. I want to build the stuff that's going to last and take a beating and be used and want to be used by the strongest people in the world. And the rest of the market, you know, they can build the stuff, you know, for everybody else that only lasts a few years and it's built for the average person and all that other trap, you know, I don't want that. I don't want to be a part of that, you know, I don't want to build that kind of stuff because first off, everybody else does, secondly, I would never want to use it. And if I never want to use it, then I don't want to put it out there. Well, man, what was the question again? As you can see, the post-turning. If I, if I thought, I was always going to be doing this, I think I answered the question the best I possibly could. You know, I'm very grateful and humbled and blessed that I have been able to stay a part of the industry as I see it. And as I want to see it and as I want to see it grow and the part of the industry, I want to see grow, you know, I'm grateful beyond measure to be able to have been doing this for as long as I've been doing it and hopefully for many, many, many more years to come. So I guess in response to that, thank you because you're the guys that are the ones that make this possible and that made it possible for me and for everybody else and for us to be able to continue to pass on the information to help you all get stronger, get bigger and, you know, make training that high priority in your life.