Mark Laws, lead FTS.com. Today we're talking a little bit about the SSL bar. There's two reasons why you need to get peace of equipment. Number one, because the exercise you can do on is a very integral part of your workout routine or it has so much variety that you can do so in a different exercise that will be a vital to your program. We think the SSL bar of both the SSL. One of the events of the SSL bar is to be able to do some suspended exercises like a suspended squat or good morning. Because of the handle because your hands are out of the way, you can go ahead and suspend these by chains or straps and able to execute the movement. Another event of the SSL bar in order to do a lot of movements like a split squat. You're able to go a little bit heavier because you can get a hands free mode. George is going to go ahead and demonstrate just a split squat. You're going to pat them down below so I can go ahead and load up a little heavier. Again, I have my hands. I'm finding the spot myself. So pretty good exercise for athletes. Another exercise for a posterior chain would be a single leg good morning and it's really easy to do with the SSL bar because you can go hands free with this one as well. Benefit with this is as dulylateral. You can address some advances but also again, it's going to be more stressed with the hand strength and not as much stress on the low back. So again, he's going to try to put his foot back as far as he can and his eyes can. Trying to give him his back flat and then drive over here and stand up. So that's a single leg good morning with the SSL bar. Okay, an upper body movement you can do with the SSL bar is just a standard overhead press. Now obviously it's going to be very different than regular bar for the arson range. So one thing you can do is again, you can almost use a full-skriff. Squeeze those elbows against the pads and again, it's almost more of a closed grip type overhead press. Probably a better accessory movement for a bench press because of the angle of the hand really makes sure that you're isolating and really targeting those stress. It's a little more but again the hand of, we use this a guide to make sure again they're staying tight up the chest. So it just give you a little bit different to fry it. It's just one more you should use for that hip bone. Good alternative lower body exercise with the SSL bar is going to be a base of modified zircus squat. So drawers are going to go ahead and get in. Now you can do with those bars. You can just go ahead and bear all the hands step out and then obviously you're doing it anyway just like almost like a front squat. Zircus squat combo coming down and then you know again, squeeze and tight drive in the elbow. So it'll give you a little bit more variety with that. Probably pretty good for strong hand competitors as well. So it's a pretty good move for you. One of the advantage of the lead FTS SSL bar is that the hand those can unscrew and it gives you a little bit more variety of some of the exercises you're doing. What we're going to go to that demonstrated front squat. The one thing we did is we put this in backwards. So the hand is for facing back out this way. So we're just going to go ahead and execute it with the hands free front squat coming out of the left. You can just, again, same basic thing. It's going to go ahead and drive, keep it's elbow, so I think it can drive with the elbow. It's keeping the hands in tight. Now with this movement which keeps that center grab and roll tight by the racket up, when you come down, when you go ahead and put it in the wrap, hit your hands back on the handles. When you step out that bar is going to come down a little bit quicker. And if you have a lot of weight on that momentum, it can be a little unstable. So make sure you have your hands in when you're doing that. But again, one more variety you can use with that bar. Okay, another max ever movement you can use with the SSL bar is basically a hybrid or a modified conventional and pseudo-deveved. These are made popular. Joe Ken called him a big, evil deadlift. One thing we'll do is kind of adjust the modified hands, just inside the feet. Again, just outside the pads. And again, just doing a suit with a little closer of the grip. It's going to be a little thicker. It's going to be a little higher. So someone's like pulling off blocks. It's going to give you a little bit of variety. Just one more exercise in that max or rotation. Make sure when you put the bar down, make sure you push it forward. So because it won't spin. But again, maybe not there in our appeal, but at least give you a little more variety. And a little never use for that SSL bar.