Everybody, Steve Colscott for eLeedFTS.com. We're doing a video roundtable. We have some of our team members mixed in with some guests. And we're going to talk a little bit about, we have people from a variety of sports, mostly powerlifting. We have some from the body building world, some that do figure, some that do strong The question here is what do they love about their sport? What would they like to change? And what type of change would make it more popular? We're going to start with Brandon down here. Brandon, tell us your answer. What I love about powerlifting is two things primarily. One, the culture and the support system that the sport overall has. I mean, it's very rare that you go to a meet and see people not cheering for someone they don't know. You don't know who that person is on the platform where you probably will never see them again. But seeing them grind out a third attempt and cheering for them, that's what makes us a sport absolutely great. And the second thing is the individuality of it. You compete for yourself. I mean, it's great to get PRs and that's really what you ultimately strive for. I mean, records are in all that kind of stuff as extra bonus. But as long as you have your personal improvement is very measurable. What I would change would be all the social media bullshit that people put on forms and everything else. That doesn't do anything to help the sport. So I wish that would just disappear and put to that point answer. That's what would make it more popular. I think the social media aspect would make it more popular. People just weren't talking crap about each other. All right, I've made a lot of friends so I like that and people are super supportive. What I don't like is breaking in new equipment. That's tough. Yeah, and like you said, the media just end. Alicia. What I love about figure is that it's easily the hardest thing I've ever done from dieting to the training everything. It is so, so miserable, but it just, it's the number one thing that made me so much better from, you know, person aspect and just how I grew. Not only is a string that laid, but just a person in general makes you so much stronger. So from that point, that's what I love the most about it. I'm sure others that compete in the sport can say the same. What I don't like would maybe be how women are portrayed in the sport. I think it's very, it's over sexualized and they're just not like these women are so strong. And they're just, you know, the way they train, it's kind of fluffed a little bit like online and different things like that. So I kind of wish like, you know, people can really see how you truly train to look that way and I just think it's more realistic. And saying that, I think that would make this more popular because there's just strength, assoic behind it and not just, you know, how you look in aesthetics, it's more like, wow, that girl's really strong. So that's what I think. Sure, yeah. From off to Zika standpoint as well, I would say that it's one of the hardest things that I've done challenging yourself to do that, but as far as powerlifting goes. I love similar to what Brandon said. When you really look at the big picture, powerlifting is a really supportive community. The majority of the people in the sport are extremely supportive of each other, no matter what. The last few years with relentless, the relentless needs that have been going on. There's powerlifters out there with really big hearts that are doing really good things for, for these kids. And I think that's really amazing, most people think that they're kind of, these rough and tough guys and gals, but they're doing a lot of really good things. One thing I think I would change is probably the, over the years is just the, a lot of the Federation factions and the. Divisions and there are so many divisions and there are so many records, so to speak. It would be really cool to see it just get simplified again to see strong as strong and, and that's what it is. I think that when people look at that, they, it's, you know, it's really good to see that aspect, but the other thing that I probably would say, I don't like is that. I guess it kind of goes along with the social media aspect, but. When you look at the, the factions and the divisions between some of these. Whatever qualifications, but just the thing, you know, the, the, the, the, budding heads of raw and gear and. That kind of talk online at, strong as strong no matter what, and I think if everybody, I always say online if, if people could just be a little kinder with their words, I think. It would help grow the sport. I think it would help grow the sport and people would see that there's. There's some pretty good athletes here, so. I'll only talk about the strong man training and what you love about it, what you like to change. I love the fact that it's so multifaceted. I mean, you could do five competitions in a year and everything a one would be different with different events. Five events and they're always going to be different. I like that that makes you train in a very well rounded way, you know, it's not just your basic list. You've got to be conditioned and fast and all that. That's what I fell in love with about it. I love the support system, even though I haven't had real local support, you know, I've driven four hours in a day and trying with a group and, you know, gotten some great support there. So I love that the community is amazing. I can't honestly think of something that I would like to change. The changes I would like to see are very rapidly happening, you know, more women are getting in the sport. There's more women only shows. A lot of different athletic avenues have opened the door and I think people are coming in. So I think it's growing as it should and we'll continue to. I think one of the things I like in order to not be repetitive is obviously camaraderie and stuff, but I think very few athletic sports. Or do you have the ability to do for 10, 15, 20, 25 years. And usually other types of athletics, you have a couple of your window and then you're stuck, you know, it's hard to keep getting better at it. So I think parallel things cool because you can really take a big picture approach to it. I mean, you could commit, you're going to, you know, obviously everyone's different, but you could do it for a long time. And I always seem people on our team do it for a long time. In terms of what I would change in the negatives, I think it's kind of a, might be a weird answer, but I think I think a lot of the negativity. This is my perspective. I think it's amplified to seem like it's more than it is. So I think for every person on social media that sounds really negative, I think there's 10, 20 people that aren't. That way, but they're just not as loud. So I think I think sometimes when we try and address, give too much attention to the negative people, we're almost giving them a platform to speak on. And I think in terms of changes, I would just like to see all of us and myself included. In a positive way, promote the areas we like, promote the federations we like, promote the lifters of people. And I think if we address instead of giving so much attention to the negativity, continue to do our part and be impositive. I think that'll continue to improve it because I think sometimes it seems like it's way worse than it is. I think you know, you go to a meet and we're very rarely arguing, Rob people not getting it long and everyone supports each other and loves it. So I think just doing everything we can in a positive way will continue to help things. I kind of wonder with the negative comments that you see on like like a YouTube video. Most of you must list people I've never done in me. Meana. What I like about the sport, a big part of it is the community like everyone is saying. But the way that it makes me feel is what I love about the sport. It's empowering, it's amazing, it brings me joy. And beyond just bringing myself joy, it's amazing seeing somebody get their own PR and a meet. The look on their face, right, the look on their coaches face, it's just amazing, right? It's strengthening, it's empowering, it's great. I'm in terms of what I would change. There's a lot of bullcrap about federations, you know, your worse than me because you compete in whatever it is, I pay off whatever. Strong as strong like everybody's saying. It shouldn't matter where you compete with or if you have wraps, if you have a suit on, it doesn't matter. And to make it more popular, more people doing it diversify, yeah. More women doing it is will more women that do it especially when women see someone who looks feminine. Right, I'm doing a raw squat PR, they look at that and like, wow, I can do that. You know, and that's how I got started is I saw somebody doing something and I thought, oh god, I can do that too. And I did and that's how I got into it, right? So seeing more people doing it going on social media, having your friends come to meet and seeing the environment, I think that would help a lot of people get into it.