Hi, thank you for joining us. This is Shina Lita, a content coordinator of a lead FTS. I'm here with Julia Lodusky. Thank you for joining me today. Thank you. So for some foremost congratulations on your sixth place. It was a tie. It was a tie for six out of 15. Yes. Very good. And I've first and foremost want to know how did you come across that whole thought of getting in the figure. As I, I guess that over the last couple years, just as my body composition has changed, I really started to pay more attention to diet for performance. You know, for my power lifting, and I just noticed that, you know, I was maintaining the same weight, but I was definitely getting leaner, putting on some good muscle mass. So the thought across my mind about a year ago, and it was a quick thought, and then it was gone. So decided to just continue with power lifting and train for the Arnold, which I did in March, and just before the Arnold I had talked to John Meadows and just kind of said, you know, what do you think? So they give it a shot. And of course, he was all gunho for it. So I think it was just a matter of trying something new, seeing what my body could do, pushing to the limits a little more on the other side and just a different challenge. So ready for something new after 15 years of power lifting. Awesome. Yeah. I'm going to give you a few phrases, and I'd like for you to just tell me the first thing that comes to mind. Okay. So first thing, Chuck's to heels. Back to Chuck's. Definitely. So, Chuck's. So, Keifer to Meadows. Two different animals. Two different means to a different end, I think. Yeah. And at this point, be able to preference. A lot of people have been asking that, and I think the way that I ate before, which is more of a car backloading approach, I definitely had more energy throughout the day. But I don't think that John Meadows is diet. When you look at prepping for a figure show as you know, it's just an extreme, it's an extreme end. So, you know, when you're talking about trying to get to an extreme little body fat percentage diet is going to be a little extreme. There are definitely concepts of John's that I really like. I think John is fantastically smart. And his pre and intro and post workout nutrition was huge for me. I think that was really important. And I only lost four pounds over the course of the prep, but dropped nearly five percent body fat. So, and I think that was really due to that Perry workout nutrition, you know, unable to hold on to a lot of my muscle mass. So, those are definitely some concepts that I like. Overall, as far as John, I love John's approach. He looks at it from a health standpoint as well. Not just aesthetics, not just perform, you know, there's a lot of other things in there that I, again, I just can't say enough things, you know, good things about John, but with key for and car backloading. I think, but just because it's an easier maintenance phase for somebody for me and with kids and job, I didn't have to pack meals, I didn't have to be so regimented. I could kind of live a little more maintenance free and that's definitely more appealing during certain periods of training, if that makes sense. So, with your nutrition moving forward, do you think you're going to apply some of those principles that you learned from John? Absolutely. Absolutely. I was never much, I usually train in the morning, so I was never much of pre-workout anything person when I just go in with coffee, which is fine. I've, you know, felt great in the past, but that's definitely something that I'll incorporate a little more. I love John's approach too, and he talked about it today was, you know, people like, oh, what kind of supplement is just eating food? Pretty in postwork out, just food, and that's something that, you know, do I have shakes during the day, or can I substitute? Yes, I can, but John's really big about just getting good solid quality foods, and I really like that. Another phrase I'd like to give to you press to quarter term. Interesting, you say that because the day after the video show we're at the compound, and I bench pressed, so there's just something about the heavy training, you know, there's, it's so performance-based, it's so, it's quantitative, you know, you can hit PRs, you can hit max numbers, you can, for anybody who knows and reads my logs and things on Facebook, I'm just huge on performance-based goals. I, which I mean, figure show prep can be, but as we know with, you know, judging and perception and the way the body looks, it can be very subjective. There's just something about going in and hitting big numbers that's, yeah. I mean, it's definitely nice to, you know, look at on stage in a quarter turn, but, um, the heels, again, I'd probably pick the checks over the heels, though. Yeah. I recently attended a seminar of yours at Ohio State, and what I took away from your speech was the whole gaming aspect, so, you know, working with females, you're always trying to relay, you know, you have to gain, what are you gaining out of this experience rather than losing, which are most women females want to lose? So, this experience, I know you've gained a few things nutritional, nutritional-wise, mentally, personally, learn some things that you've gained from this entire figure experience. I gained a lot of, not that you, you know, I didn't have respect for it before, but you know, you gain a lot of respect in the discipline that it takes, to prep meals, to plan ahead, you know, again, with the way I was eating before, it was very easy just to, I knew what I could eat, and if we were out in about, you can just grab things. When you're prepping for this, there's definitely a lot more discipline involved in packing and making sure you have, you know, everything's set. So, you gain a lot of respect and, and the discipline that it takes, life, even, you know, does kind of get put on hold a little bit. There's, you know, with kids and jobs and stuff, and, and that's the biggest thing I found was that it was a lot. With power lifting, it was like, I go to the gym, I train, I come home, again, my diet was kind of maintenance free, and there was just a lot more to this, a lot more thought, a lot more going into it, and that's definitely, it just makes it, you just got to be more aware of it. So, I definitely gained a lot of respect, I definitely gained a lot of knowledge from John. I gained a lot of new training ideas that I think powerletters can incorporate from body builders. You know, we tend to hit our big movements, or we tend to hit our accessory stuff for a couple sets, and then we go home. But I think some of the concepts that John uses in his training program can be really beneficial for, for powerletters, especially for either people looking to put on masks, or, you know, even drop a weight class, some of the volume pipe stuff that he does, so I definitely gained a lot of knowledge from in there. And I just, I kind of just gained a whole new sense of accomplishment that, you know, you can put your body through different things, and you really put your mind to it, that if you want a powerlet, you just, you know, you go for it. Put your nose to the grindstone for 12 weeks and train for it. Put your nose to the grindstone for a figure show and train for it, and, you know, excuses are not something that I think a lot of people kind of just go, well, it's okay if I have a cookie here and there, well, if your goal is your end goal, make it happen, and I think that's something that can be taken away from something that's disappointed with. And think something too that's pretty interesting is you went from powerlet being not knowing too much about figure. So body building and powerleting those are two beasts, but when you're doing something for the first time, that it makes it a little bit more, you know, magnifiable or, yeah, that's a lot. And again, I like it to, you know, it's been years since I've done my first powerleting meat, so it kind of brought me back to that cycle again of doing something for the first time, yeah. And in your right, don't know what to expect, and so you kind of go into it blindly. But again, you just, just like I tell my clients who are doing powerleting meats for the first time, you just go for the experience, have fun, and, before. Right, take a picture, can and go. Exactly. I was watching, I know, we were going back and forth, you sending me videos of your form. One of the videos that I saw, you were practicing with John, and I could see your daughter in the background, the dancing, or playing, how do you think she perceived this entire transformation? It's really interesting that you mentioned that kids are more in tune to what we're doing than we realize. People, you know, they typically eat a lot of what we eat, you know, they have their peanut butter and jelly, but it's just part of our lifestyle. They know that training is part of our lives. They come to the gym with us, and, you know, they run around and do their thing. As I was dieting, you know, and there were certain things that kids would, you know, mom, do you want to cook you too, and I'd say no. And so, after explaining it, I can't have it. Well, why can't you? Well, you know, I'm doing, you know, this, for ease of, you know, you know, call it a, you know, a bodybuilding show or a bikini show just so they could understand. And they would see me and my suit, and, but my daughter got so used to it. She was like, you know, my son would ask a question about having a certain food and my daughter would say, no, mom can't have that until after her show. So, I think it was cool for her to see that there's a sense of discipline there that, okay, she's doing something for her show, and then once the show is over, she can go back to, you know, you know, having some treats and things. But she did say we were in the car the other day and when I said, I asked her, I said, what do you think about mom doing another show? And she said, that's cool. And I said, would you come watch? And she said, yes, mom, she said, but she said, can I wear mice when I'm suit and pose with you? So, I said, of course you can. So, and some people, I hope, you know, I don't want people to take that the wrong way, but I think kids are so moldable. They see that and they see that there's discipline. They see that there's you know, we're training for something and, and of course, she just, you know, wants to do things that her mom is doing. So, you know, we talk about how being strong is good and having muscles is good. And so, that's the kind of image that I want to portray is that it's not about standing on stage into bikini and being beautiful. We talk about being beautiful. She says, mom can I wear a dress to be beautiful. No, you're beautiful every day no matter what you're wearing. So, that's kind of, you know, the, treading lightly on that ground, but just wanting her to understand more the, you know, the discipline side of things and the training side of things. But she's, they thought it was pretty cool, you know, when you showed them pictures of, you know, of me, they, they said, wow, mom, that's, they say your muscles are bumpy. So, that's the feedback I get. You're part of it. And that, you know, that's just something to about our society. We see a lot of girls, guys. You know, they might put so much energy into how they look, but another not necessarily healthy. They're not going to get gym. So, I think instilling that into your daughter at this age, she knows, you know, to get from one level to another. Gs look how much hard work my mother put in or my father. So, exactly. Now, what's in there? So, last question here is, what can we see doing next? What's next on your plate? So, it's the next on my plate. Well, I really, before this show, I really didn't have plans to compete in power lifting until the fall. I just, I had done four meats over the last 12 months. So, I just, my body kind of needed a break from the heavy training and just the mindset, which is kind of what prompted this figure show. So, not sure I'll do a meat in the fall. There's some in October around November time and just use that as a tune up meat and marty qualified for the Arnold and March next year. So, that's kind of often the distance. Coming off of this figure show, I've talked to John Meadows and we're going to were pushing two more weeks into a, to do a physique show in two weeks. So, he's sort of, I don't know, not egged it on, but you know, said we could try figure again or, and I think just, again, it's just an experience, just something else to say, I did it and so that'll be fun. So, two weeks, June 1st. Awesome. So, that's going to be another whole new posing routine that's going to be asking you come in a little bit harder. Yes. Yep, diet is being pushed a little bit more, which is, is good. Again, just, I'm using it for the experience, which is awesome. Like I said, John's, I enjoy learning from him. The posing is definitely a little nerve-wracking because it's new poses, but I don't have to wear heels. I can't wear chalks, but I don't have to wear heels. So, sorry, that's a plan. Well, thank you for joining me today, and for those of you that are interested in learning how she is progressing, be sure to check out her log and also check out OEFBS. So, thank you.