Everybody Steve Colts got here for elitefts.com. I'm here with Kristen Stahl, nutritionist. And we're going to talk a little bit. You've helped a lot of people with their nutrition programs. And one of the key components of a diet is the mental side. What are some of the things that people encounter, say they are in, they're trying to make a body crunch. Excuse me, a body transformation. They're trying to lose a significant amount of weight, and some major lifestyle changes. What are some of the things that you encounter and have to kind of help them through in that process? Well, I mean, through communication, really lessen into what they're saying, asking the appropriate questions, of course, open and dead, but what type of behaviors, negative behaviors that they have, these are things that start at a very early age for many people, could be something from their environment, or how they were raised. Those types of things behavior change takes time. So you have to find the root of the problem. Exactly. Yes. We can give someone recommendations, tell them what would be, you know, most appropriate, or that would help improve their health. But yes, if you don't address why they are doing certain things, and that's not really going to help. So you have to start there. What are some of the common things when you really, when you peel back the layers? What are some of the things that reason do you find people are doing that? Some people eat out of emotions, you know, maybe depression when they get stressed. Some of the other ones will pick one right now, and you see a lot of, you know, a lot of this in different articles, and it's kind of coming out more and more about the mindless eating. Mm-hmm. I was reading a study that was discussing and saying, how the majority of people, as far as the obesity epidemic, is not because we're overeating because we're hungry. It's because we're mindless eaters. So eating for the wrong reasons, I guess, out of boredom, you're watching television, not paying attention, eating out of eye, egg or box, which is another one. People make mistakes by not pushing out different foods. So really, it's getting people to really think about the task at hand and that includes eating. So other than that, I would imagine, we can live in a society where we have so much marketing kind of training us to do all the wrong things. Food that is made to be eaten while you drive. How do you go about kind of counteracting these millions of dollars in marketing that are telling people to do the opposite of what you want them to do? Well, again, it also has to be something that's realistic for them. So yes, people are busy and on the go, but addressing how to better plan and if they truly do want to make these positive lifestyle changes, figuring out where they're ready to start with heading in that direction. If they're not ready to give up certain convenience on the go types of food, educating them on how to make healthier choices at those locations. But also telling them that with a little bit of planning, it can easily be done from your home as long as you're planning ahead. Plus, then you have control of what is going into that meal snack, etc. Yes, some people will be amazed that McDonald's really doesn't taste that good. Once you've eaten, something that you've put a little time into. Yes, exactly. A little, for example, like with salt, salt, when's in the quiet taste? So a lot of people, and well, I mean in the process foods at the restaurants, the salt that we use at our homes. When you start cutting that out, we need very little actually. Your body does get used to it, and then when you actually go back to having something that's really salty, you can tell on it doesn't taste good anymore. Now that your body has adjusted to having without getting used to eating a healthy lifestyle, it doesn't have to be boring. It's finding healthy foods that you really enjoy for one. Methods of preparation that are not only helpful, but are something again. It's all about things that you're going to enjoy. That you can stick to. If it's not realistic, then you're not going to stick with it. Yeah, over time, you do notice that going back to the fast food or the convenience. A lot of the process stuff, yeah, it doesn't taste. It doesn't taste as good as what you may have, but I remembered it until one's taste. Okay, I'm going to put you on the spot a little bit here. What are a few healthy nutritious snacks that you can grab as you're head and not the door and eat as you're cruising down the freeway? Well, whole fruit nuts, or nuts mixed with some dried fruit, some whole grain crackers. See him. Excuse me, some that, like a little to go yogurt item. Let's see off the top of my head. Dryed cereals, dried whole grain cereals, letting us smoothie, making that, taking it to go. You can always make yourself a, I guess I could go on. Yeah, like me. No, that's good. I appreciate your sharing your knowledge with us. Thank you. Okay.