So, 224 kilogram kettlebells are 52 pounds each. In the men's either jerk or by Athalon or clean and jerk, they have to use two kettlebells for men. And the lightest the men can use in competition is 16 kg if you're a veteran and then 20 kg. So, go ahead. Go ahead and show the double clean and jerk. Long cycle. Double clean and jerk is also known as long cycle in the sport. So, you'll notice that when he brings the clean up, he's got to have that second knee dip. You're being to keep in mind you're being judged on every move. You have to have a lock out at the top. His arms have to be straight and he has to stop that bell for at least a millisecond. Breathing. When he cleans, we keep it nice and close to the body. If there's a rubble track up the front, you don't want it to come way out and slam your arms. Only nine and a half more minutes to go. Nine and a half more minutes. Every rep counts. So, we lock it out at the top and you always catch a breath when you're up here because when you got a hundred pounds sitting on your chest, it's hard to breathe. So, catch your breath when you're up here. Get the extra breath at the top. I also like to use protective wrist guards on your wrist. It's a lot of weight on your wrist bones. Good. Nine minutes to go. Set them down. We'll do some jerks in a second. All right. So, that's what's called long cycle, which is also known as clean and jerk. There's also another event called byathalon. It's ten minutes, even just jerks only. Ten minutes and then jerks of just snatches. But as the snatch is one armed only, even for men. Snatch is always just one arm. Although I do like doing double snatches for good workout, that's a good workout. We'll do some of them after. So, when Ken's ready, when he's caught his breath, as you can see, this sport isn't easy to train for. For a ten minute set, lifting the heavier kettlebells, you're going to need to train for at least three or four months, five times a week. You got to get under these weights, and not a lot, maybe even 20 minutes a day, five times a week, we'll get you conditioned for your ten minutes set. Ken never liked to do a ten minute set before his competition, because it's grueling. And if you can last eight minutes, you're going to last ten minutes in a competition. That was his mentality. I like to do my, I like to know I can do it before I go into it. Same with the girls I teach. They like to know that they can do their ten minutes set before we hit the platform. So, we do practice our ten minute sets for our training. So, Ken's going to go ahead and show you just the jerk part only. This is part of the byathalon. So, imagine not just doing one ten minute set but two in the same day. So, just the jerk, so we cleaned it up once, and you can touch your shoulders at the top, but you have to reset them. So, notice when he's brings that weight down, he lifts his heels, he absorbs that weight. Because if you just pull that weight down straight down, you're wasting so much energy, you're using all your arms. So, he absorbs that weight with his hips and his heels. Also, the judges are looking for that second knee dip on the jerk. Some federations aren't. So, picky on that, they like let a push press go through, but really you should be practicing the heavy jerk. We start off teaching depending on the weight of your belt, but you're going to want to start off with five reps a minute. Depending on what your goals are, if you're going your first time competitor, if you're going for a candidate for master's sport, or if you're going for master's sport, there are certain federations that have certain amount of reps that you must get in for your lifts. So, you either need to know what you're going for, or if you're just going up on the platform just to do it for the first time. It depends on your goals. So, progression is, you're going to want to practice five reps a minute for two minutes. And then the next time you train, you're going to want to go six reps a minute for three minutes. So, you're going to get longer and longer every time you train. And then eventually, you're strong enough and your endurance is up that you can last that ten minutes under that weight that you've picked to compete with. Yes. So, he's going to demo the other ten minutes part of the biathlon is the snatch. So, and he does the snatch the same way I do, same way women do one arm. So, you go ahead and see his, let's see his snatch is as good as my snatch. People are going to talk. So, pushing that up with his hip at the top, he brings that down. He's just elbow to his chest and he pops it back up with his hips. Scepting that weight on that little swing down, he's accepting that weight and he's popping it back up with his hips. Straight up that tube, lock it in the top and that bell has to stop at the top and must stop. It can't be, you can't just pull it up and pull it back down, it has to stop. Okay, see his breathing in, out, in and then out again. Good. These are those hips, power with the hips. So, if you're into the kettlebell sport and you're into lifting these heavy kettlebells, you're going to have the tightest glutes and towel. Because you're squeezing your glutes every time you push that bell up back with your hips, you want to be connected here with here and your squeeze in those glutes every time. Good. Two more. One more. Set the bell down. Good job. Awesome. Take a break. Thank you.