Mark Watts, lead at the S.com. I'm here at the S.4 compound. And today I just want to talk a little bit about kettlebells. And one of the things I learned about kettlebells is that I've heard this from Dan John. There's two reasons why people get any kind of equipment. And one of them is that there's an exercise you can do on that piece of equipment that is so important for your programming that you have to have it. Right? For kettlebells, that might be the swing. The other reason is because there's so much different variety that you can do with that different implement that it is beneficial to your programming. That sense too. Think of a barbell. Think of dumbbells. How many different exercise you can do of them? So that's the really argument with kettlebells sometimes it's both. And so one thing we're talking about today is in an athletic setting. Now, I am not kettlebell certified. I am not an expert at kettlebells by any means. But did figure out a way to how to use kettlebells in an athletic setting in a team setting. One of the things we did was we had a set of kettlebells. We had four or so per kettlebell. And we were able to use entire training sessions just when we kettlebell. Because of traffic, because amount of teams that we had, it was easier to have a whole team using kettlebells. Now usually that work wasn't our on our max. Every day, but a lot of times that would alleviate a lot of traffic. So we learned to do some kettlebells. And the big knock against kettlebells is that they are a little more expensive. And most people say, you know, why, if I can do it with a number, why buy kettlebell. So, hopefully I'll go over a couple of different things today that will help you maybe implement those kettlebells in your program a little bit better. So the first thing is obviously the swing. Now, with the swing, obviously there's a swing kettlebell swing 101 on this. And one of the things we talked about was the Russian swing just coming up to the eye. So again, not going to repeat this, but again with the kettlebell swing. Again, excellent movement, obviously, to lose power in the head, right. Some people like to use a swing as a separate movement from the hinge. So the swing is more of an explosive type movement if you're in a categorized those. And some people actually use it as a continuum of the hinge. Now, it just depends on your train to thought. The one thing that we didn't do was, as swing over the head. Now, I know for some, for cross for competitions, that's one of the rules is if you're doing what they call an American swing over your head. Obviously, we try to avoid that as much as possible because of any kind of impingement. What happens is with those arms straight a lot of times, you can have that shoulder issues. I'm not saying it's a danger or unsafe. But again, this one thing we want to avoid a lot of times what people do is end up ending those arms when they do that overhead swing. But the benefit of that overhead swing is that eccentric. So when that kettlebell comes down through the legs, it produces a lot more force. So what we end up doing is adding bands of that. And again, there's another video that Josh will put on here to connect you to that video too and how to use a swing with bands. How do you progress from that? If you're just going to do swings, your athletes are going to be bored as heck throughout that whole progression throughout a whole cycle. So take a look at going and incorporate a couple different progressions. Here are some of the things that we did. So secondly, we went to just a single arm swing or an alternating swing. Things are same while I'm hiking it with a football. Use my hips pop in the hips up and have that kettlebell in front. Now, same principle, swinging that, throwing that kettlebell down as fast as I can. The next progression we used was to incorporate some kind of posterior shoulder girdle was a kettlebell swing and a high pull. High pull or a kettlebell swing, not the same as a high pull with a barboard dumbbells. That high pull is technically more like a faithful. So there's a two-part movement. I'm going to swing and then I'm going to pull that to my face. Again, I wish I would have had someone more athletic and more coordinated than I do, but you'll get the general principle. So again, use a swing, even start with a swing and then add a high pull. Pop, high pull. Again, that will actually add a little more of that posterior shoulder girdle movement with that. The next one would be a snatch. So most athletes want to try to avoid a snatch. Most athletes that aren't used to kettlebells obviously is that catch. When you're popping that weight up, that kettlebell comes around catching on that form, a little bit of pain. So it's one of those things that you have to really address that. So a couple things that we do with that, with a single arm, would be, number one, if you're not, you're working with athletes. You don't have to worry about how high were they catch that. You can have them catch it out in front and that's okay. They might actually even be safer than them. So again, what we do is again, go through the high pull, then go through the snatch. And it's just going to be basically losing my grip, tighten my grip and punching out weight through and try to meet that my fist through the end of the kettlebell. So I'm trying to punch it through. So one of the things that we end up doing was again, start with a swing and I'm going with a high pull and then prepare. Go ahead and snatch. So from there, one thing you can do is, and you can have that way out in front. And you don't have to have it so far over the head. But that's one of the things you can do with the athletes. Again, the same principle when I throw that kettlebell down, that eccentric force, reverse it at a eccentric force is how you get the benefit of that. So that's one of the things that we would use. That's a little bit of a progression that we can use.