Hey everybody, Steve Colskat here, elitefts.com, we're in our third installment of a discussion we're having with two of the IFBB Pro athletes from Nutrix, Mark Dougdale and Zach Khan. We're going to be talking about nutrition this time. So you know to start off with this, Zach, in your off season training. How do you set up your 80 how many meals a day and do you control your macro nutrients in the off season? Basically, I don't really want to talk about the mature nutrients. I just want to talk about that in a just protein per meal and in a just carbs. And stuff like marketing nutrients is more comes down to a pre-contest. You know, you need to shake over your diet a bit and find out exactly, you know, to keep it energy levels high, so you put the good fuzz in. And you know, I don't know, not so too tight and stuff like this. But like off season, I keep it basically, I try to have like extra breakfast, I have chicken for one meal, I have beef, you know, I mean I have white fish, you know, I have some stuff like that. So I try to have different types of protein and different type of combat for breakfast bowls. I generally, you know, I'll brown rice, sweet potato, you know, all green pasta, you know, you know, after workouts are half like, you know, the first time I take a bite, and you know, just make sure I get a full, I mean, it wasn't cool from the different, you know, full chains are, instead of sticking to the same meal, six times a day or some people tend to do. Okay, she said six meals a day, are there's all whole food or some of those chicks? They're whole foods, don't you? Yeah, I'm going to talk about the shit, is a off-cap free, or if I'm on the road, I need to have a quick meal. So if I'm going to be in the safe, I only find you to an extra color, then I'll just bump it over the shape or the differentiation. Okay, Mark, it's also a little bit about how you break down your daily meals. Off season, off season. Off season, similar as that, I don't keep track of, you know, macros to a team. I tend to eat pretty much the same thing every day. By that, I will switch up, you know, my protein sources. So I'd largely know about what I'm eating. It's when you get to pre-contest that everything is laid out and very accurate, so you know, how to adjust. I have about, I have four meals a day, whole food meals, usually two or three shakes, but I would say almost a third of my daily calorie intake comes from the time I leave my house, to head to the gym, tell, I'm done with my workout. I'm drinking fast-acting carbs, fast-acting protein, that entire time, which is a total departure from what I used to do because I was a little car guy. You know, fresh, you know, it was the most I would get during workout. So that's been a huge change. But I think that's a way I can survive. Jehons workouts and do it in train seven days a week. But those four meals, you know, whole eggs, let me try taking a plenty of fish oil every day, buy some lamb, chicken, not a huge fan of fish, I do try to eat salmon occasionally. But I'm into, you know, whole foods, organic foods, anything you can do, I think, to minimize toxins or stress that you put on your body because what we do in the gym is a big enough strain on it. So anything else you can do to minimize that, I think, helps facilitate growth and recovery. Okay. And a lot of the videos that you put out, I've gotten some really good nutrition information and so on and so on. And the idea is that the egg whites, the little one-point thing of egg whites, making a good snack. Yeah. I was thanking Christine enough for the key stress of the, I have that in the fridge. So I don't have to cook breakfast, I just want that up. So people might want to check that out and on your logs, there's a lot of that information. Yep. Zach, on your offseason, how do you change your nutrition? I'm sorry, when you go from offseason to pre-cats up. Yeah, you're going to have to think like a more like wave of foods and more accurate, you know, the time of the food, when I have them, so I need to have them all like, it's not a really simple language throughout the day, you know, like, brown rice, a little bit of rice and you know, that before the, the coffee was sitting there, before the point of the gym, first I think, cause first I think, protein and what I'm trying to, you know, be see, you know, good to me and create things, stuff like that, you know, and from how I work you know, with a lot of that, you know, see, to clean up the toxins and stay after my workout, home we have in, you know, like, you know, first I think, I'm going to find this, I'll probably go from your tracks every day, every day, every day, or the PC is as well and then talk it off with the protein shake, you know, stuff like that, but everything will be weighed out, everything will be, you know, at one time, nothing will be there or anything like this, so, because of my bodies and routine, expecting that meals at that time. Okay, did you have any of the numbers that you do as far as calories? Yeah, I would need to, around 4,000 calories, you know, and I'll keep the protein safe for all my diet, everything will not be changing, will be the carbohydrates and not cardio, so if I, if my cardio reaches 45 minutes, then my food will start decreasing a bit in the carbs, simple, and just to, just the two things I need to change. Do you get breaks from your diet, just to keep yourself getting burn out? I'm not really breaks, but like I said, I do have like, you know, like, you know, not call it a cheer, you know, call it a cheer, because if I'm in full in the diet all through the weeks, a warm meal a week, where I will be what I want with my friends and family, so to give that normalization and give that, you know, just check a better stress of myself and give some family time to, you know, my friends and my family, of course. And then you should keep from the time, listen from pressure. Yeah, it's rather than anything, it does you go because mentally gives you, you do some taste buds as well, and you know, it just finds you up again for the next week. Okay. Mark, how do you make that adjustment from off season to a contest? I would take a thing, something to play. Yeah. Well, this time I'm doing something completely different, so I guess we'll see if it, how it pans out into your, I mean, I've been the low carb guy since 2009. I mean, when I would die at 50 grams of carbs a day, it was in the max. And I actually don't mind a diet like that one too, you know, as Piscoulli would say, we can fat a dab that your body preferentially burns fat and you don't have to swing some blood sugar and, you know, I did okay on a diet like that. This time around there's so many carbs in my, my interwork out nutrition, and I don't think I could eliminate those. So that's the biggest change. The carbs throughout the rest of the day, boss money rice, that's a feeling you are about to eat outside of vegetables. And I'll just start slowly pulling that out of my diet. One of the things that is doing my nutrition, but we definitely talk a lot, and this was his approach that he did as you pull out the other carbs, but always keeping the carbs during the training sessions. I mean, he didn't, he didn't even do cardio, he didn't master his last year, and he was hardest nails. So he doesn't lose that year around all that much though either. He eats late. Yeah, yeah, I'm seeing that. So that's kind of the approach that I'm taking this time, and I guess we'll see how it goes. I mean, at this point I'm eating 500 calories more than I was on previous diets, but I'm training seven days instead of four or five doing no cardio though this time. And my way it's about where it normally is at this point, this many weeks out from a contest. So, and training the way I have the last year, I would think that it's humanly possible that I wouldn't have, that I would have lost in muscle if I gained. So I'm assuming I'm leaner at this weight, and you know, so I feel good about at least the progress I made. That's why I'm so. Let's talk a little bit about your nutrition. Rake of four during and after the workout. What do you, what do you do? Before the workout, I will have a human ratio of the pre-workout training. That's like a stem you like. Yes, stem, you just give you mental focus, you know, you're aggression going a bit. And I'll have some defy, so BCA, how to form. So I'll bring that before, you know, where I can't separate one, I'm training as well. And before I'll put up there, I'll have some like, between every couple of set, I'll have some five or five pieces, you know, in just a few, proper and true one training. And then after my workout, I'll have some fast-acting cards, you know, for you, bro. It's a little less than an instant, you probably just soak sitting up, so, you know. That's what I like that stuff. Yeah. So I'll have a six-y-brother card, and then about 15 minutes later, after that, I'll have some muscle and some muscle and muscle in protein, 15 minutes later, so that given on body time, just got the cause for us, and then after that, basically get some protein into me. You know, you have a whole few meals after that? A long hour after that, okay. So that's what I'll do, that's what I'm learning. And what I'm training on the other, I have some, a dissolve for more good, and see what I'm trying to do, so that it just helps, you know, I'm trying to have your toxic, that it's also, I do that. Mark, was sure what you're approached with that? If I'm training, I mean, at this point, I try to stick a, stay away from any sort of stimulant, you know, the hemorrhage or the liposix, that as I get closer to the contest, I will add that in. The workouts that I do at night, I definitely don't take that, otherwise I can't sleep on a get home. But for me, it's all about fast-acting cards, fast-acting protein, started 15 to 20 minutes before the workout, going all the way through the workout. I can have upwards of 150 grams of carbs in that period of time, and 80 grams of protein. So products that Neutrack makes that I really like is niox. I take that pre-workout for a bottom. If all you grow could be, that's an nitric oxide, arginine, all those products that facilitate the pump while you're training. And then the theory, you know, being the protein in the carbs in your system, liquid-fast-acting while you're training, you're getting that, you know, two muscles and inhibiting breakdown as well while you train. So volume grow, I guess, would fit the bet bill for a carb, defy, has branch chains, amino acid, glutamate, and that stuff in it, as well that you could take. But yeah, those niox and volume grow, probably the best things to take in pre-and-drain are count. And then, you know, with that many calories and carbs of protein in my system, honestly, when I'm done working out, I'm not even hungry, you know. So when you're taking your next your next food into a... Usually within an hour, and I'll just have a full food meal. And then that point is time to hit. Okay, excellent. Well thanks, guys. Appreciate it. Thank you.