Well, I've always just, I mean, my thing has always been everything's in assessment. From the moment they walk in the door, paying attention to their thumbs, are their thumbs pointing in? Are they a knuckle dragon like me or their thumbs pointing straight ahead? How are they walking? Are they going into over, are they going into over-pronation? Which typically indicates the pronation is the form absorption of the gate cycle. So if they're going to, they're pronating, way over-pronating, then that means something up the kinetic chain can absorb force or isn't strong enough to pull the knee back into a line. So then you know that probably the external taters of the hip are going to be weak. You know, looking at knee position, looking at posture. And then looking at that stuff under load. Every time somebody squats, lunges, poles, always checking everything. I'm trying to see what's the weak link, what's going on because my thing's always been that the, yeah, the, so it's always going to go through the weakest link. That's going to be where the breakdown occurs. So where is that breakdown occurring? Why is it occurring? Let's go back and fix that. And if I don't know how to fix it, don't find somebody else who does. So yeah, it's great. We were just talking about the whole assessment boom, right? And I mean, I think obviously looking at, we look at them differently in a little harder maybe now. But I think I've gotten away from strength testing guys immediately, whereas I used to just want to strength every buddy and then we'll see where there are. The new kids that come into our program don't strength test. We'll do this run and jump test. And we'll wait till they've been with us for about 10 months before we do any kind of strength test. I mean, they start lifting, you know, but we don't actually test them, which is good than bad. Because if they were training, we get to break the habits that we might not like that they picked up and they get to learn to do it our way. Yeah, I mean, I don't know if you feel, I don't know if we're progressing as fast as other fields to say the least. You know, the nature of us, the hard work, but yet the world's so complex now that, I mean, I'm looking towards biostatistics and getting those people involved, PhDs and statistics, yet it's so hard because I'm only a strength coach I was ever trained, you know, and with all this diagnostics that we have with all the screening and everything that you can take, I'm like, there's a lot that can be put together here. We just need to, as a coach, I think the field's changing that you have to go out. You can't be afraid to ask for help for people that you know, because, because look, I don't think anything that's going to be great nowadays is going to be built by one person. Yeah. I mean, all the tools to complex, so you need to get experts in all parts, because first if you have something great, you need to figure out how to make it an app, then you need to figure out how to market it to people, you need to figure out how, so I mean, and then even selling yourself as a coach. I mean, you've got to do that. That seems like, even I've been in the field, 16, 17 years now, I still have to sell myself to people, which, you're like, okay, but read personal development books, but ultimately this whole field to progress it, you need to get together in groups. I feel that that's the future of this and then look towards the future because I Actually believe that great companies and great organizations run towards the future They try to try to figure out where we're going and be their first and that's where the field is because I mean if you look at it I mean there's not too many training periodization models that have been developed in the last 20 years I'm near some variations of others, but but really There's not that made that have been created so Are we at that end limits of creating a periodization model that's best? I highly doubt that we just have to put groups of people together look at statistics and and look at numbers and and see where we can go And then I mean ultimately I believe the ultimate periodization model is allowed to plan but it has to be individualized So then the question is are we putting groups together to individualize training protocols and methods? Yeah, yeah, I mean to do diagnostics on a day analytics and diagnostics are the future and then how do you use them? We'll be how coaches like all of us put it out there to make it functional And we're talking about the assessment stuff and the experts so we've done that FMS at the staff for God, I don't know how many years probably six or seven now and you know collected data We've done some different things you know statistically looking at it and then You know talking about the experts. I just spent I knew it was coming here So I went and saw Dr. Hewitt over our state the ACL researcher and he's talking about how The star excursion and the white ballots the whenever you're actually reaching interiorly how that's gonna be one of the biggest predictors of the need because if it It will force the person into valgus if they're not there if they're yeah if the whatever is an all strength enough to the right Level that that that that small loading will repeat how it loads in the game like well I'm not gonna think about that this guy's been researching ACL tears 20 years. I want to go see what he has to say Yeah, I mean that's where the future again bring your orthopods in Create a research group maybe as a university where the orthopods commit where bound mechanics people commit even engineering I actually learned the most out of from engineering students because they had no assumption of what went on the field Yeah, they would just show me what was actually happening. I'm like why I never knew that I don't think a lot of people do You know me and these were just kids that it didn't know anything it were weak weak weak kids Kids but they could run the hundred thousand dollar camera system in horse plates and then actually coach this is this is what this is That's pretty pretty awesome that you can What's this kid no actually about this? He knows a lot now because he can analyze it. You know, that's the thing and then Would they ever be able to play it? No, that's where I have to encodes just like us have to come in and apply the knowledge really That's funny. I mentioned that I got a bio engineer next door to me and PT and we're starting to work on a lot of diffracting looking at like Some of the things we want to analyze this summer hopefully and then fall camp is the speed of movement of the different positions So then we know what demand is on the person like right on takeoff You know what do how fast is that person moving whenever they are doing a drive block if they're winning or losing and Maybe that's gonna help us know how to train that athlete better. We'll know okay Well offensive line man needs Accelerative strength defensive line man needs strength speed to we'll know how to train them specifically for that you know Everybody you know my opinion is just always been too much Yeah, this is me getting on a rant. I ran it this happens that everybody is all the oh, I'm you know This is my stuff. I'm gonna protect my stuff nobody else can do this as good as me Man my program is my program you want to talk about anything We'll sit down I'll go over everything you know I think everything's gonna be open to policy I mean look at the blue and so many different people who just in you and It's said or I'll just come in sit down let's talk because how we're gonna make things better Is by doing things like that and reaching not even just outside each other, you know to just the different coaches but Yeah, I don't know how I read a bike on system or a You know the force plate stuff with all the different curves or the accelerometer that we used on the Mad Max That actually find out the force that was put into there and the power I got no clue Dr. Gastos so I'm gonna listen to him. Yeah, we got to open the doors up man But then he doesn't know how he doesn't even know what to test for without you right so so like you can't you can't be afraid to like Share things and that's the big thing open to look I just assume I'm the dumbest person in the room when I walk in I'm sure it's actually pretty liberating so then you can only if you get a learn at that point for anybody, right? So yeah, I don't have to worry about saying something stupid because you know you're gonna say it