Everybody, Steve Colzcott for EliteFTS.com. We are doing another segments of video inquisitions this time. We are throwing questions to Josh Bryant who will reply to us by video. The first question I want to hit Josh with is the fact that we all know that size gains lead to strength gains. When is there a point Josh of diminishing returns or certain things we should look for that tell us that it is time to stop bulking and either have a period where we lean down or a period where we just stabilize at that weight. Thanks. Adding size gets stronger but it is not a simply a one-to-one ratio. We have also in the body builder that we expect to lift a ton of weight but it is not nearly as strong as we think he is going to be. There are two primary mechanisms that get stronger. The first one is gaining muscle, a larger cross-sectional muscle fibers are built for just more force. The second way is with neural adaptations that means getting better at the movement. So for instance, if you are a Olympic lifter you perform the frame clean correctly you improve your coordination of the movement. It is like the old same repetition as in Mother of Skill. For parallel lifting we want to improve our neural adaptations with each weight class. Ed Co. is a primary example. It is just below through each weight class going from 148 to 228 to 222. And a matter of few months he took his time in each weight class and maxed my strength. His results in each weight class and that is what we want to do. If you are super heavyweight adding mass for the sake of mass you have to be a lift a little more weight. Even if you add muscle mass we can attract the contract element or the non-contractile element. The non-contractile element is going to be much higher up. So you are going to gain size in your muscle but not about a produce more force. So for parallel lifting we do not want to do that all the time for too long so you want to bulk up and blow straight through a weight class. You want to maximize yourself with each weight class and you also don't want to let yourself let your body fat free too high because if you are not a super heavyweight you want to maximize your muscle mass and minimize your body fat with each weight class to maximize your efficiency. You can't flex fats of bottom line and put it in layman's terms. Now let's talk about this from a body body perspective. I remember like six or seven years ago branched warrants said something to a body builder and metro flexes and low low low low. You start if you cannot see abs you can't see veins in your arms your legs you are getting too fat. Body building your actual body fat measure. So you have to look at you know it is an illusion on the stage so once you can get the point you are not seeing any abs no veins in your arms or your legs you start to get too fat you can't be anal and diet will hard your around you know we are afraid to put on size but then no push like self-blope you have to find a happy medium so I think good word of wisdom is if your body building can't see some veins in your arms you lay your abs you get too fat. And as an older wiser lifter would you say that you are more predisposed to having some a do a maybe a cleaner bulking rather than some of you know when you are younger we tend to do kind of dirty, dirty bulking where we all kinds of crap would you have able to eat more healthy foods at just bigger quantities or you just have them shovel and shovel and the calories. We have also brought her the body builder you know it is going to waffle house eating a hundred dollars or food in the off season everything fried and we heard of the other person totally afraid to put on any kind of size because they are so anal they are dieting so they stay pretty lean you are around but they never really get a lot bigger and they never really get quite hard enough of the shows so we got to find a happy medium and I have the mediums going to exist a lot in your individual body type fear of a mesomorph with low body fat you can get away with a little more dirty bulkside but I would feel the seat full if I said I advocated clean bulk or a dirty bulk I would say most of time I am going to be more towards a clean bulk side because if you start adding it you know a ton of muscle mass but you are adding a ton of body fat that do not need to be ready for the show it is going to be really hard to be a lean in the fear to make over time you end up losing a bunch of muscle because you are having to make up for all the body fat you put on so generally I would say I am the clean the cleaner side but there is you know I think the book a proper says there are time and a place for everything and I would certainly hold true with dieting so if you are a cleaner type it is impossible for you to put on weight to quote the great Gary Frank you are going to get big eat and poultry so there is going to be a need a little bit of the higher calorie so called non-clean food so it is going to be a case by case basis generally I am going to recommend the cleaner bulk but there is certainly a time in a place in an individual where a dirty bulk is going to be grow and finally is there anything that you have people do to maintain their health either to have them do anything in training or nutritionally while bolking in other words keep themselves healthy while putting on weight. On one of the extremes you have Gary Frank who set once said to me you don't have high blood pressure if you don't check it the other of the extreme you have people that are more concerned with pre-having green vegetables and how much weight they are actually looking to be so generally I am a fall people that are a little more extreme personalities so they are their main results so you know I am going to look at I will have to take pictures obviously you can't evaluate some of the health my picture but you can tell if they are getting too fat or when they are bolking up you have guys get home blood pressure monitors get blood tests things like that