So as you get leaner and more depleted over time, that time will increase to the point where you're eating a lot more calories and a lot more carbohydrate. There's actually, and we don't have time, there are things that are coming up that I'm looking into that I've heard from. I have a client doctor, a character who comes in town regularly and trains me and we were talking one night about it. And I said, you know, rich, it's kind of like the body. We assume that every calorie would take in juice and it's a consume calorie that counts. But I told myself, there's almost like there's a point where you're taking in so many calories and so many calories that it's almost not fully digested that you're not using all of those calories. And he rattled off a word or a term and I'm like, he said, that's what it is. He said there's a term for it and he rattled off the term and the light of the term. And he said, I don't want to go back to the question. What we're looking at now, and I say, we, I mean, is, you know, I want to get into specific substitutions very early, but we're going to do some analysis to find out whether a matter of factly from a scientific standpoint, whether there is actually nutrients that has that really just aren't digested. Because what you're running into is when someone is really lean in their, and I say before I show it, I understand that everybody has a night for a show. The reason I use that is because it's so extreme. If you can diet for a show and something works for that type of extreme conditioning, pretty much the more for everybody because anything else is backing off from that extreme. So, the only thing that really changes force people really don't wait to. It can still work, but it has to be changed over it because when you don't wait to train, you're not depleting your body of like a term and the card of iron. So your body is, it doesn't want to suck those card of iron. Here's an example. A dog iron said diabetes is from heating process primarily. Process carbon hydrates and your body doesn't need. Then you have high circulated blood sugar levels. You have nowhere to store the power of hydrate, because you don't have bleeding muscles from working out and training you know. So then you end up with high body fat obesity. You end up with essentially being diet that's the type of diet. So that's why I get a lot of people who say, oh, that's unhealthy. It's only unhealthy if you are not depleted in your average person, your average person even like that. Never mind that you're only eating like that. Once a day for a certain amount of time, or I'm sorry, not once a day once a week, where people who are obese and diabetic do that every day for every meal pretty much. And they have caused that damage over years, years. But the point is they're not, they're not trained. They're not a math, like, who is caused this situation you're about to work, they're able to some of those guys that are in actual benefits. That's why carbohydrate gets such a bad, bad, really, because carbohydrate itself really isn't that it's a deriving issue. Even with the clients during the week in my solving food, when you get done training, even though you're eating cleaner in a week and it's not a skill, you're still taking in for that one meal you're taking in 30, 40, 50 grams of carbs during a punish after you eat. And it's a simple part. It could be kids here. Kids are in a very good line because it's so practical and so convenient and it's solved and the problem of getting those simple process carbs in there, act you work out and then it's back into the diet. So if there's, in a way, it's important to me to bring up the critical comments about it being healthy so that I can explain why it's not in a situation I'm going to clean it up. It's important because that's like number one thing, because you know what gets thrown at me? If not wearing a button, it's concerned about how it's always another nutritionist. There are ideas so much better than it is just to kind of spend your attention. So you have to be like, process, start paying for that. It can be fruit, it can be sweet potatoes, it can be rice and that sort of thing. The thing is with that isn't working as well. What I try to say is combino so that you get a combination. What some people will do is they're like, oh well, I can go to see like no fan donuts and something that's like number. You got a balance between yes or pros and which you want to still get nutrition. Like this example making a culture, if you got example, but main, you know like a mix beginning, you know what you know, meat sauce or hair hair, sauce, it smells a little better. A homemade loaf at pizza with healthier time. It doesn't have to be like, I don't mind getting people say, well, I was drinking full flavor soda. Well, then you're going to keep your food so that you're brain and you're stomach, you're still connected. And saying whether you're hungry or not, you can drink your cowards, you can drink a lot of sugar calories before or even if you're full before you're body's okay now, how to have a cup of coffee. You need to go on a pie hunger because it humber is dismissed a lot when you're kind of tired. Because you're supposed to ignore it and just deal with it and 100% and 100% as a senior. Other tells you whether you're deficient or you're like, when you crave something, you're always going to try it with your mouth eat. If you take your car on a higher surface, you make it all fruit. Also, if you have this weird craving for noodles, I mean, it's a bizarre thing. When you eliminate something like that, you will create a high carbohydrate loaf at that. You're going to create peanut butter or avocado and it's going to try it with nuts. It's just how the body works. So ideally, throughout the week, you shouldn't be ramming this late hungry. You should know you're bad, but you should be like, I just want to. No, let's hear it. I have to throw that out of it, just do it. You should have the energy to get there. Yes, you're working on it. Yes, you should. You should have the body fat. You're not going to feel like you just ate cake, but then by the time you get to your son, you can feel you're depleted. The hunger is there and you eat base. This is why I told you, but if it's free, because everyone's black and white, they want to know how much. Just talking how much now do it's getting. Well, it's not this simple. Your hunger will dictate how much carbohydrate you eat. You know, while you're hungry, then you stop being hungry again. And then you need it again. You need cars and dirt. Hunger dictates how depleted. More depleted you are. And the leader you get, more hungry you're going to eat. You say, we weren't meant to have no to look. I can ask such and have such robotic fat. Is it really trying to go against the body's ability? It's also survival. That's why we don't force, you don't force yourself, means you need to co-versate and manipulate your body. Into, get it clean like that. If you try to force your body, you need to make it your body. And you're going to be able to choose one. I'm going to say, try to go on this side. I guess it. Because I have car set. So I have car set on my hit of ears. Okay, so you said your car set. I have car set. Oh, okay, what's the second? I'm sorry. Thanks. Thanks. Car set. I'm sorry. Some reason I couldn't get back. I can get back. I can get back. I can get back. So what I've tried to understand with this hit. Really? Isn't that the sound of this sound? The need is that you're not working on the sound. And you have the heat heat heat, either fat and carbs or fat and fat or any of this. Well, I'm going to take to do with the fat and fat things. I need that not working on. I don't need the normal parts of the whole body. Yeah. So, yeah, there's some, okay, well. So, I'm typically it is carbs. I'm going to be difficult because you are relatively low and then you bump up for that one day. I don't like to call it carbs like this because I think that the traditional way to carbs cycle is incredibly complicated. Oh, I don't want to say credit for the count. That's not fair. It's more complicated that needs to be. And not everybody does the same way. But you get it low medium of high days. It's like what day is the, you know, what do I have to eat today? It's easy to cross numbers and that sort of thing. There will be a different carbohydrate. They're usually as a different carbohydrate intake on a non-training day on a non-weight train day. Simply because again, it comes back to the premise of you don't want to take in or you don't need to take it any more carbohydrate. Then you really need to train and feel relatively full. So, on the days that you weight training, you would tend to take in a little bit more carbohydrate than you would on a non-training day. Sometimes it can be completely lower. It just depends on that. In the individual, in how you function, I actually, the reason I can ask, and you what you said, or what was because I didn't hear you. But I thought you were saying carbs sensitive. And I was ready to pound some of that way. Just pound. Because carbs sensitive, when people say they're carbs sensitive, it's usually a very overused. It's always like, well, I'm not a half kind of looks like that. And so, when I eat carbs, it just makes that. Well, you know, not necessarily more people think that carbs are a lot more. Think that carbs sensitive when they chew it up. It's usually, I just have to say, no calories sensitive. It needs to be a calories you're asking me if you can. Just like me. But I do know too. There are exceptions. I mean, the older I get, I can't function very well with the start you carbs. I just don't do well. I suppose I can keep start your carbs in your company protein intake, but I don't want to do that. And I certainly don't want to, because I figured out individually for myself, I don't do well on low amounts of fat either. Fat helps to say she makes me feel that I'm not as hungry, much more so than carbs are high-grade. And it does have the most deep to do. So there are exceptions. That is your answer to the 18th of the year. You're a little bit nervous. I understand what you mean. You see, I like that because that's usually how I want to do that. It's the same thing. What you do, yeah. What you do is, and I didn't touch on the term, but the morning of the weekend, what you do is you calculate during the week. Let's say you start off the week at 200 pounds. You go through the week, when you get to the weekend, the morning of your skill load, you're at 190. You go, okay, cool, you got lost. Two pounds of sweet and sweet, you know. And we'll say you work with me, and I said, I said, I said, I said, I'm going to do five hours of skill load today. We do need five hours, and we go back to your regular diet for the rest of the day. And then as we get into this next week, we'll watch for a baseline, and I say, baseline, say, I'll always say my client's done. Which baseline, what is it? I can't get the baseline today. Baseball and just means when you get back to that weight of one nine gig, because what happens when you're taking car, Jolly's getting like, you don't gain body fat, you gain water weight, because our higher it provides a water, when it's stored away, and it's like it. But you also tend, sometimes you need to puff up a little bit, because you'll hold the water, but it's not used to taking in that higher amount of car or higher. But after two and a three days, that water shifts, you drop it, and then you get back to, you'll say you go up to, you know, two or five. From 1988, we've been going to a two or four, two or five, and then, you know, waiting for eighth leg. Oh my God, you're stupid. You don't know what you're doing. So they don't usually say that. But my wife does. And you know, the guys, they don't care because they're a little bigger, so they feel a lot of, you tend to be stronger too, for a couple days after low, about times, it's a lot of it. You get a little bit better, you get into a good deal. So come back to when we were talking about early about the priority of training. When you are skateboarding, you want those weak muscle parts muscle groups to be trained early, and we, because you're going to have more energy. Then you put those stronger ones at the end of the zoo, and you go stronger, and muscle groups at the end of the week, where you are going to be a little bit more run down. They are going to be as you're weak, starts to fall off, and you're running down your lower, higher, higher, lower calories. So, when you get into the week, that water starts to fall off, and it's a Tuesday Wednesday Thursday type thing where you're going to baseline 90% of people are going to baseline in that area. Okay, once you hit the baseline, it's important, because what that baseline says is when you hit it, and then how much you are able to drop below that before the next low comes around on the weekend, is how you're able to gauge whether the link or the skill levels want them. Here's an example. So you just baseline, you can have to regulate Tuesday morning, and then you drop three more pounds before the rest. Clearly, it's clearly a thing that doesn't come on time. You can skip up and be against too small, if you can go higher. And again, when I say early, this all comes back to taking this big challenge, you can't. You want that low to be as big as possible. You just can't jump that low to be huge to begin with, because you have to build into it, incrementally. Now, you may want to build into a fast. If you keep baseline early in the week like that, you're going to build into a quicker. Some people will baseline till Friday Saturday, even the morning of, you know, drop a pound below baseline on Sunday morning, and they're like, well, everybody can just face something on Wednesday. So that's what this long is, you're dropping below baseline, you're getting linked. Now, if you're forcing your water out, you're doing something else that's different. But all things being able, if you're just losing, and you're dropping by starting something, you're like, oh well, I think you said you're okay, you're in into my minority, but oh well, you're getting leaner, and that's all that really matters. So that's how, again, you know, you'll try to gauge how long these, how long that low needs to be based on when you base on. Yeah, okay, okay. I want to make sure, because what happens, you know, if I'm on this tangent over here, I'm going to get back to this tangent. Does it mean that seeing, you know, what the university is, is just kind of like, one thing that's like right now, right now, right now, right now. Yeah, it means that you're staying away on this watch every nine goals away. Well, if you're just trying to, that's all about that. Okay, yeah, okay. Exactly. That's not your difference. That's not your difference. That's not your difference. Right. You're trying to use one of those things, right? Yeah, if you're training, you just want to maintain the same look in your head, or lean this knuckle bubble that you want to be, and really, you should have low end of the weekend that is big enough to where you're still, you know, he's on. Why do you do that in this type? It's consistent throughout the week. Yeah, yeah, you just always baseline that middle week. And if you don't, you start to baseline later the week after a couple of days. Then you know, okay, maybe you're not, maybe the lowest little days, then you would trim that. But if anything no matter what you do, the training, the diet, supplementation, everything really is a constant. It's constantly being fine too, because even if it works for a few or four weeks, it may not, there's no same that it's going to continue to work. So, you have to constantly evaluate, hey, and sometimes it will subtle change. Thank you, thanks, girl. Can you say that the same thing for the side of the body, seeing growth in your head, seeing you, seeing you, seeing you, right? Yeah. Every time I go to buy them, I know something is always something new. You're going to say it right now, always use them. You're going to say, I find it manufacturing bills. You may be seeing, you can always ask, I'm going to calculate, I'll be saying, try to succeed in the use of it. You may be making a structure. I feel like the whole thing here is no idea. I see what you say. I only want to see that, maybe you can see the same thing, maybe it's actually between the house, but it's okay, they're all the same. Because usually what happens is the person buying, wants something different. Does that want to try it? But then I don't know if that's your case. I see what you're saying. You do want to be thinking of the system as possible. Because again, it's now, that's what works for me now. It's not going to be the same. Right. But that is certainly from something that I'm not huge on. Something that I had touched on me, I could cover that two minutes. Some minutes in my opinion are just that. You're going to be a filmmaker and you're going to be a real breaker. Doesn't matter if you're going to show or if you're going to show them. Or if you're trying to get them also, whatever. The only thing that truly works are drugs. And I'm not saying that by everybody should use drugs. What I'm saying is don't you kid yourself because anything you buy over the counter works this much. And any argument is well, don't worry too much. If I take it for a year, well, if you take something and you spend money on something and you use it for a year. And you can't see a legitimate, like you can't quantify a legitimate different than why I take it. You know, it's the same with Chris. Chris and I, I mean, I had a Chris and in mind. One of the things that I had my client use an English for a long time. And then they just discontinued it. And this is through my nutrition company where my name out and my, how could you guys do that? All my clients. And I don't think it all. This actually can't use it. One not going to be strong. That didn't use it for a month. But I've got my, I don't even notice the difference. So it wasn't the loss to me because I could have my stuff before it. But to my clients were paying a good amount of money for this supplement. And they're asking me, they're just dying for something else to take. What do I take? I don't think I'm not taking anything. Like, well, you mean, what is this? You know, I'm not really, then no, my emails. You know, there isn't a lot of stuff out there that's going to make you huge difference. It's up for the things that they don't, nobody wants you to take because they're drugs. They actually are drugs. So anything more than the county, just, it's just no sense. They're in my opinion, no sense. You're protein-powered, of course, because these days technology, even with some of the crappier protein companies out there, this stuff, relatively good, quality product, and it's relatively, it's not the energy. It's not bad. I mean, for what you would pay for a chicken rush, you can have a protein shake. I would say not to get into carbs, you can get into carbs, you can get into carbs, protein. They turn the drink in carbohydrates really into carbs. I don't care if it calls traditional starter, turning the else. It's still a powder carbohydrate, and it's going to hit your bloodstream like a powder carbohydrate. So if you're taking it in pulse workout, that's good. Because fast-cars, some fast-cars, those workout are fine. There's no problem at pitch-potty needs and some suck-mob. It's an insulin sensitive issue, and it's really good. But that's really the only time to be hit away with that pulse. If you're going to drink maltodextrin, those workout because, just have some kids cereal, because it tastes way better in your hand. It does the same thing. You can put your protein, which protein powder like cocoa crisps is or something? No, I've got to have my corn waxes. That's good. That's something to do. You can put on something there to in terms of just talking about the chicken breast, right now. But our grandparents used to use parallel as a diet. It would ski, for example. So you would get the benefits out of that piece of chicken without all the iron on the back. So nowadays it's well known that at iron manufacturers, you have quality in the app quality. And some of the poor people really are consuming stuff that are killing me, I better do it, because it's recycled. Right. I mean, it's just, right. Well, you know, you come around to, I think it's fine because I know the old school, and coconut. You're going to know the old school. Exactly. Yeah. And it's fine to see it come around now. Yeah. And you read the research. So now I look at it as nutritionists. I go catch this and things out there that are still archived, that we are avoiding that same bone out. I think what it shows is we really know this much about nutrition as a whole. So to me it's the most fascinating part of training or whatever. Because everything else is just so simple and so just so there. So set and something. You want to get bigger lift a big weight for what it is now. I mean, if actually if you do it enough, you're going to get bigger. But the nutrition and some of the patients, especially, I mean, they're just huge advances. You know, every few months something else is going to happen or something else is going to come out. But I have to check out it going on. It's fine. Okay. And it might not even be related to conditioning. It might even be related to health. And I always say, I'm, you know, me getting older. Ten years ago, I got shingles. So bad that I have nerve pain in every 23rd of seconds. A lot of this branch around my back. And I have to grow over ten years. And what that hit was it made me focus more on health. Because I was losing 60 pounds per show. But you know, I was thinking I was getting, you know, I was a ball kid. And the opposite is my hand moves. But I was all getting in the off season. And you know, trying to do chins and rip it your bicep because you're way too hundred and seventy pounds. And you have no business waiting to. I didn't do hundred and seventy pounds. So I took a longer look at my health. And I tried now to push as hard as I can. Push that on the people because even if you're not, even if you look at you go, you haven't skipped your whole window. You're going to be one of these days. And if you're only training for a few years more hard days. But if you're going to train and you have longevity in mind, shingles blood for an awesome community. Yeah. I look at cat too, I guess. But anyway, if you're in for the long home, you've got to think about it. You're training, you're joys. You know, you got to train when you got to take care of yourself. And you just can't be dumped in garbage. And you just have to kind of sell the baby. Because they have to, you're going to pay the price. So you're just going to, you know, there's a whole lot of things. About no doubts. And you know, when you get into training and the longevity part of it. I don't want to, you know, keep you guys alive. You have to answer questions and things like that. What I did want to do is I wanted to touch our balance. Just to kind of close down balance and perspective. As a competitor, it's very easy. And even as trainers, I think you guys probably do, you get, you get, you're just, it's just constantly consuming. You're training, you're fighting, you're training. People who just start on the program. You know, you're probably looking at the nail off the pounds. And you might think, you're not competing. You're thinking, how can I get my abs different? It'll start to, it can anyway, it can consume you. And it can kind of get in the way of of the things, especially as a competitor. And I just really want to push, not only the health aspects that you have. But to keep it all perspective and to find that balance. Because a lot of people think the more time and the more effort people would into it, the more successful they're going to be. But a one-dimensional person. It's a great thing for you in person and talk. There's nothing more so I sit down and people just want to talk. Here's different. We talk about nutrition and I'm happy to talk about it. But if you were sitting at the resort, you came up to me, you wanted to know how much I've managed. And what I gained, everything else, I would just stick it to get it. So just look at my ribs. You can talk about it. My kind of talk about it. You know what I'm asking about. You know what I'm asking about. Something cool. You know what I'm asking. It's talk about guys. It's that one dimensional and people who train and work out, especially for a therapist. They'll just get around the other minute. Then they'll be going to sit there and tell her about it. But I'm going there. I'm asking you, looking at it's all there and talking about it. So they can be hard. The trainers is difficult too because your friends are pride trainer. You're around. You're trying to solve time and just it can be kind of good. And if you won't progress in the quicker, I think that's the misconception. If I do this, like, you know, philking doesn't sit there and he tries not to be. It's hard at that moment because his trying to work. What he does is really his like a force. And he's like a force that you're paying for. Black cops for hours. For probably no other reason. Just to get a way from a bodybuilding type of. Environment. I guess. And he likes to talk about other stuff too. That's why people like that. Cool. And it says to take me down. Some sounds. I don't know. You can take a talk about them. Not getting any better focusing on. Lichten awaits and bad at anything. That's what it does. You have the bad view against consistency, not perfection. You go on and go on vacation. I have no worries about it all. My ankle starts swell. If I'm going to know what. I'm out for a week. I have to take it a week if not eating all year. Eating whatever I want. I'm going to go back. I'm going to mess with it. If that can drop. It can be balanced. It will hold up better when I smile. I just want to close. You know. It's like that.