Everybody, Steve Colskett here for leetfts.com. We're doing an installment of video inquisitions talking to Josh Bryant of Metro Flex Power Building Josh, you've trained with a lot of different people. You've traveled around the country and either trained or worked out with some big names. Of all of these people, who is the person who had the best genetic potential for strength that you've worked with and why? My little buddy had to leave me out of things to do. I traveled all around the country and trained a bunch of top lifters and also had a chance to train with when I was competing with a lot of the top lifters. And I would say the person that has the most genetic strength potential, I mean it's a very, very tough question. But I'm going to have to go with a Jeremy Horst from this one. I mean, a part in my opinion, Jeremy Horst was the greatest bench presser to ever walk the face of the earth. He's actually factoring how much weight he's lifting, his weight and things like that. I mean, everything, you know, he's, I've ever asked him to do. He does, and it's just like, he does it with, you know, greatness like we even grew to speed. His speed just came up. So what everything, he seems to have improved on, and there seems to be absolutely no limitations. I don't think we're close to scratching the surface of how good he's going to be right now. Because they will downtime, about that or baby itself, but I really think of all the lifters. I think he is the most potential many human being ever seen. And also I'd be very interested in who had the greatest genetic potential for putting on muscle size of all the people that you've trained with. Of all the people I trained, or I've trained, I would have to say, it's kind of funny. The person with the potential to put on the most muscle mass is probably the only degree. I remember a couple of years ago. He went in deadlift in 1865, he weighed 230 pounds, and he's actually, you know, we're going to be able to come back right now. And he is very, very, very muscular. I remember people that saw him at the home class, that were telling me this, they met Orlando, and they thought he looked like the bodybuilders around stage. And if he did it, you know, everything he did would be good at bodybuilding, along with training that way. I think it would be scary. I'm a muscularist. So when I say the person that's developed the most muscle, because that's not what he's training for, but if, you know, we took that direction. I've been scary, I was muscle massy put on it. Okay, and lastly, Josh, of all of these people, who has done the most through sheer willpower to maybe overcome average genetics to go on and do something pretty impressive. It's, I've chained a lot of people, I think, have really overachieved. So this is a very tough question of who's come to furthest, you know, it's had to work, you know, not had the best genetics, but it's she very out of it. First person I'm going to talk about, just wrote briefly here, it's kind of off, such as the Keene Kempetter neighborhood, personal Smith. I would say she's had the best work at the probably of anybody ever trained. She's just determined, she's got six places of yarn, coming from, you know, and you're going to get in the last call out, you know, shows and 10 buck, two Texas, and a middle nowhere. So she's kind of a long, long way. The person I think we all know that's going to be, who's really achieved high, that hasn't been given a ton, you know, just had to work for it and just, you know, plow through is a homocyc brand new cast. Branded, it's deadlifted, um, 848 at 220 raw. So, you know, it was a highest conventional pull at that time of anybody under 220, that's whether without assuming it at raw. And this is a guy that's, you know, he didn't, you know, put, he's not a guy that's put that professional sports or they just a guy who call her guy, that's what he's got to do. Never complains and just, you know, just bearing a thoticle, I mean, he's a pleasure to work with and, you know, kind of feeling next weekend. He's going to have a little more or a lot more than 48, and so I'm really proud of him. I think he's come a really, really long, you know, long way. And, you know, you guys got a hard champion.