Hey guys, back with UNTEST.com, another little road show here. Today I'm up at Munster in Vienna with Matt Lucey. Some of you might not know about Lucey. He does a social media for the website. He's just now a window brand new. Powerlifting gym up here and in your request Indiana. Matt thanks again for having us. Glad you're here. Tell us about what we're going to do here. What kind of content are we going to do before? What kind of what are we going to be got? How did you make it, though, diskier at the disk facility? When I'm trying to bring it to the best equipment that we could afford, those people would usually get kicked out of an old gym who were going to use the equipment to accomplish a bet rest, model it, an R2 rep, captain hand. So guys, I recommend actually getting some more done. I want to get strong and safely more not for beginners, So, you know, actually looking from people who kind of like you what they want to do, or they want to go. So the size is a four-inole sculpture. This is going to be somebody who remains, but you still take any to do a guide. Definitely we're going to stress certain, you know, big gains here, this is a power of the gym. So, the trauma, the trauma, the trauma. Right, driving the way to the underground. Right, the trauma, the trauma. Right, the trauma, big ways, where we're not driving. That's great. Well, it tells them about your background. You've got to listen to your power to background. What you look to see to come out of this place. I started around around around, around 2,000, 2001. Got done playing college football. Still want to stay strong. Do something with that. And the next thing I know, you kind of try out the water and power technique. And then for there, just kind of to go off and found that. That's where we've been learned from and went from there. Like this place. I recently did send me some free so I don't know how much full beat to be able to do it. But I'm working around, I still have a long-term, hopefully, trying to dedicate my parents and come to the next three years before I find it entire. That's great. Well, like I said, you know, I'm not supposed to come in the world right here. You know, it's pretty much fun and all. First of all, I think it's yes. So we do have a contest with us on the track. One of the things you guys have to do as far as getting the people who can be in the air. How do we get what we, how do we get to that's what matters to you to get a part of this. They can get all the young Facebook. They can get all the young Twitter. Fairly things can find. Probably get a home to YouTube. Most of us people will see my cast out of the human and the friends. It's a little around, so right now those ones will be best way to get a home. So get good social media. And if anybody else out there's a good for a week at home, that it was contact me directly at www.edfts.com.net or contact us back in where we've been sent to the podcast on that information for you in the area. This is the place to be. Guys, best equipment in the world. Best trainers in the area. This is the place to be. Matt, thank you for having me. This was by far the coldest installation of air minimum. So let's, next time we get some equipment. Make sure it's a payout. Sounds good. All right, thanks, guys. Thank you.