Everybody Steve Colz got here for elitefts.com. I'm here with Steena Tell Hammer. And Steena, you and I have known one another for about a decade now. And I met you. You were competing down in Cincinnati at the Northern Kentucky. What year was that? 2004. Okay. Then my map was about right. Tell everyone where you're from and how you got into lifting. I'm from Sweden. I got into lifting when I was about 17 years old. I did quit with all my other sports. When I was younger, I played soccer and basketball. I'm tracking field. When I got about 15 or 16, I quit all my other sports. So I had to do something. I started with group training. And that's the way I found my way into the gym. Okay. And did you find that you did well at it right away or were you? What made you get to that next level where it became a serious thing? I think it was when I, after my high school years, I moved over here to Ohio and Cincinnati. That is when I had that person right now. And he asked me if I wanted to try to compete. So I did. Okay. And you, you want, that was your first contest. Was it the Northern Kentucky? Yes. Okay. That was a big show. You won that show. I was talking to Roger and Sandy reading her who were the promoters of the show. And I said, we need to do a story on Stina because you had the perfect frame. And I thought kind of the ideal look that most women would find attractive, athletic, but not overly bulky. And in 10 years, we kind of changed that you made your body since the body you had 10 years ago. Well, I have been trying to work on my weak parts. You know, I know I have a good frame for competing in figure. But I mean, I have some, you know, like my backside and trying to get them better. Okay. What would you say you're, you're other than your frame. You got like that X frame. What are some of your strong body parts? My shoulders. My back. And my thighs. Okay. Yeah. That covers things. That covers most of the important things. Visually you take a glance at someone. You're having a big line up. If someone has shoulders and a good develop a lower body, that pretty much you're going to catch the judges eyes right away. Yeah. What tell us what you do for a living? You were here for two years. You went back home. Do you work in the fitness industry? Yes, they do. I actually work at a gym in the reception and I also do some personal training. Okay. And you've gotten your, you're here in the Columbus area to compete in the Arnold amateur. Tell us about your preparation for that. I have been working on my weight parts, as I said, a lot. Trying to get them better the way I want them to. I always, you know, when I work for something, I put out a lot of gold where I want to be. And like a plan, so that I always, this thick, it's a plan. So I can get to my goal. The way I want to. Okay. I think people might find this interesting. What do you think are the differences between the, the gym culture in the US and back home? How are things, how is the atmosphere in gyms? How is competitive body building sports different in the two countries? The body building sport in Sweden is not the big. It's actually a kind of a small amount of people that is competing. It's more like a fitness, you know, for amateur to stay fit and have a healthy lifestyle. Do you stand out quite a bit? Do people kind of notice you a lot more back home than they do here? I guess they do. Yeah. Because you're different. At the original classic weekend, it's hard to stand out because everyone's carrying around a jug of water and has protein on it. Whether they're competing or not. Okay. Very good to talk to you. And we wish you luck. I have a feeling you're going to do very well. And that's good to touch space with you again. Thank you.