Mark Walsh, lead FTS.com. I'm here on the campus of Urban University and today we're going to talk about auto regulatory training and a team setting. I apologize about the lighting, but again this is for me, just want to make sure you're able to see the screen and not worry about me or just be the screen anyway. That way I want to have to be on camera. This is part of our Sports Performance Coach Education Series and again this is just my views of how I've been able to adapt this system and the situation that I've been in the past. Hopefully it will help you, you know, some of it will relate to what the situation here is. So right now just a little bit of background about it. Again I am not an expert in this at Miami means, but I've had been able to utilize it to position where I'm comfortable with it. That's really the difference. Some coaches understand a concept, but when you get to the point where you're comfortable and how you implement in your system and you believe in it, then you end up, you're in a better situation to really talk about it because again I know the goods and baths about it. So again, you know, this is coming from, you know, whether you want to go from super training or Brian Mann's e-book, auto-revitory progressive resistance exercise. So again, the first super training as the the dappery for lack of better words and really what it meant was you take, you know, obviously you take a 10-rette match or six-rette match and base on your performance on a first set. You adjust it and the original one was, you know, if you're doing a six-rette match and you end up getting, you know, 10 reps and then you adjust it by a certain percentage. So depends. You get one more rep than you need to, you adjust it by 2.5%. Two more reps, 5%. And I think that's good. I think there's some ways that we tweak it a little bit to make it fit for our situation. But that's kind of where we revolve to again. It's not on gelatine periodization. I think some people are hashtagging some things that, you know, they don't, angelating periodization is just, it's, you know, it goes back to the old, you know, you know, heavy, you know, light medium kind of template. It's, you know, that three-day template where you're, you know, addressing, you know, dynamic effort-day on Monday, max effort on Wednesday and and repetition method on Friday. It's really not, you know, it's, the the audit regulatory means that it's, it's back to the athlete. It's really, you know, it's just meant to any systems. So I think the one thing that I'd blast to realize that you can use the audit regulatory regulatory system, audit regulatory system, any system you have, five-three won or whatnot. So I think that's really important to understand. Again, angelating periodization, you know, for example, at Army, you know, we would do, you know, basic government, do a, for example, horizontal press. It might be a heavy bench on one day. It might be a repetition bench with dumbbells and other day. It might be explosive push-up on another day. And I'm getting that same movement three different aspects. So, or I'm just, you know, angelating that, that's a total volume. I'm doing tens one day, six, one day, eight, one day, whatever it may be. But again, that's not the same thing if there was any confusion. If there wasn't sorry about that. And again, really, it's, it's, it's, you know, it's, you know, those adjustments with the, within the template that the coach provides, but really, it's a lot of his base on the athlete. So, with your going to implement the system, you have to have a trust level with your athletes that are giving you their best effort. And they understand, bar speed, they understand what proper technique is. And, and there's, they're really, you know, skilled at understanding, you know, if they're, if they're, they're able to perform the rep properly or not. So, and that takes some time. Obviously, I think everybody would agree with that. Why do auto-regulation, why I liked it? And this is being my opinion. And again, I don't know, you don't mind on agree with me, but again, it was basically, it's, it, it optimized, you know, the training, especially for a large group and large array of athletes. And then the, the example I give is, you know, if you have two athletes that are able to squat 300 pounds for one rep, you know, athlete A might be able to perform 275 for four or five reps. Athlete B might know when they're the two or three reps. So, when you're prescribing reps for the workout, you know, some athletes are set up for failure, some are set up for, for success based on, you know, that one rep max system. So, this is a way that I can address that, those that love individual, you know, differences with those athletes. The other thing is, again, you could just, the, the, the, the, the loader volume by athlete readiness. So, again, if I, my max is, you know, the, my clean max is, you know, 100 kilos. It's not going to be tomorrow. Maybe more might be less depending on recovery, depending on the, you know, the super conversation. Every day, your, your max is different. So, to say that your max is going to peak, and be right back. So, you can build off of that exactly a calendar week, you know, away. That's, that's hard to really, you know, assume. So, and again, especially, you know, athletes, especially their college high school athletes, they have so many other stressors in their lives that can contribute or hindr, you know, recovery, which it can hindr to performance, that this is a way to really, you know, address that. And again, to, in, for, in forces, urgency and importance in each set, each set, each rep matter, getting four reps as opposed to five reps was important. And important to the point where that the rest of that, that next set was based on your performance on every set. So, for me, that was, that was a very, very positive attribute to the system. And again, a promotes competitiveness. And again, I want those rest bumping up. And it's a way to kind of measure every single time you're training. Now, every single session, but every set, and every rep. So, that was important for me as a coach. I think, you know, coaches really struggle to really get their athletes to compete. And I think sometimes we go the other way, where everything's a competition, we forget about, you know, the goal of training. But at the same time, I think it is important to have some kind of competition. Even if it's just for self accountability, right? And again, it's optimal for shorter training cycles. This is one thing, you know, interview Dr. Brian Man, you know, the longest training cycle I've ever had with eight weeks. That's the longest. I've never had a training cycle. The longest training cycle. And again, this is, you know, you ask any coach this, the most time the longest training cycle is in season. So, it really is, you know, for me to go to do a 12-week cycle for an athlete. It's really tough to do. So, I think it's really optimal for that. It doesn't waste any workouts, doesn't waste any sessions, doesn't waste any weeks of the waste any set. So, that's why I like to as well. All right, moving on. So, there's two ways that we'll talk about today. These are the two ways that I've evolved to get to and for better, for worse, these are just the ways that I thought was easier. And I knew it wasn't the fact that I thought it was the best is that these two methods were the methods that my athletes bought into the most. They understood this, they believed in it, and they were self-sufficient as it's so for me, that's what told me that they were able to do this method. So, again, the first one is going to be just adjusting the volume by rep performance. So, again, both systems are adjusted by rep performance. But, one you adjust the volume, one you adjust the load. So, with the volume, I'll kind of explain this. So, this is, again, for a linear progression, this is good. And I'll talk about some of the issues that you might come up with, you know, when you're doing this. But, you adjust the subsequent reps by performance on the that max set, or that target set, really the subsequent set, you know, the previous set. And again, we use the two rep drop-offs system. So, all my examples are going to have a two rep drop-off system. That is just anecdotal evidence on my part. I felt that if an athlete was truly performing a six-ret max per say, if they were going to do that same way for another set, because of their training age, because of their ability to recruit motor units and that intermuscle coordination. And just because it's that skill set of theirs, a lot of times we just two rep drop-off. If we, you know, an athlete that's been, you know, powerlifting, for example, for a long time, they could probably do three sets of three with their three rep max. If they're full and recovered, you know, in between sets, because they're better at recruiting those motor units to produce force. So, you know, that's, it's kind of a coordination type thing. So, we use the two rep drop-off. And it helped us kind of, got away from those ugly reps, right? I do a five rep max. I have five was, that was it. I couldn't have got six. That next set, I get three solid reps, and I'm finishing on a, okay, I could have maybe got four, but let's just, let's, if I crush the hell out of three, I think I'm, I'm going to live with that. So, moving on, I'll go, we'll just do, this is, again, I hope you can see this here. But this is, this is the same chart that I had in eight, we football training program that I wrote on the site a couple of, uh, by the month ago. So, really what happens, I'll give you the, this is a five rep max example. So, again, for me, we are going to pick an exercise. So, if you're using a conjugated type system or a linear system, but, okay, this week, we're going to perform an exercise for five repetitions. So, I'm warming up, I have my warm-up sets, I'm ready to go, and I'm going to go ahead to perform five reps. So, what happens if an athlete gets five reps and he could have done two more? What happens if he was a time? What I used to do is, okay, rack it, add weight, try another five rep max. But sometimes, that just added into, and it took away from some of those other works that said those lighter loads. So, it, it, we kind of got away from that and just went with this system and this is kind of what we do. We would have, you know, when we give them this system, they're trying to do five reps. So, if they end up doing, we go plus or minus two. And again, we would stop them there. And again, you'll see kind of why in the future, really if I do five reps and I end up getting six on that first set. Well, to wrap drop off, remember, I'm supposed to do five, three, one, right? And I do, I will always, in a drop set, minus 10 percent of that target weight for plus two. So, five, three, one, seven, right? That's a typical thing. I'm not saying it's the best plan ever. I'm just saying, that's what we end to come up to use and you have to start to believe it. So, again, the reps at that target percent and we use percentage to get them to that point. So, for five reps, we would use about 85, 85, 87 and a half percent. Our percentages were hired because the ability of our athletes and the experience of our athletes were lower, right? They weren't able to really, you know, 85 percent for them, maybe probably wasn't 85 percent. So, we used to, depending on the time of year, 85, 87 percent would give us this number and I'll show you how we calculate later. But, so again, five, three, one, we get nine reps at that percent and then 15 reps total. So, again, if I'm really hitting five reps, we would say, okay, that's 87 percent. What happens again if I end up getting, you know, six reps on that first one? Easy. Now we're going six, four, two and then minus 10 percent for eight. So, now, if that six reps is closer to maybe 83, 85 percent, now I'm getting 12 reps at that percentage, and I'm getting 20 reps total. So, the lower the percentage that that rep or that set tends to be, the more volume those athletes will get. If I get stock, right, I'm still used to get five reps, I only get four because of whatever, right? Boyfriend problems grow from problems, I had to test whatever. Now I'm going four, two and I'll skip that last set. So now all the sudden, now trying to fall a little bit along with Prilabins' chart is now I'm going to go ahead, I'll still do that drop off set for six and then really I'm getting six reps at because again, if we feel you're a four rep max, we thought that was about 90 percent. And again, remember that was a little high, but we thought, okay, about 90 percent. So, with 90 percent, we don't want you going over seven reps, right? Because now I can, I can make that athlete, but what happens in the week after, remember, it's not about this week, it's about the next week as well. So, you know, that's the difference and again, same thing with, you know, you can go through each example. So that was a way that based on, if I did this many repetitions, that means that weight was not really, it might not have been 87 percent, it might have been closer to 90 percent for that week. And that's how I could adjust. So the volume was reduced based on the number of reps were reduced based on the performance that I first set. And that first set, that max set, that's game time. And that's how you get those athletes really prepared to make sure they again. And again, if it's, if there's technical fair interval, if it's not a good rep that you feel is is not standard to what you expect, then, then obviously, don't count. All right. So this is just an example of that again. So with this, so a jaw, volume by prep performance, and again, I'm supposed to do Sam's supposed to do a four rep max. That's what's all my sheet, right? I ended with five, so I'll go five, three, one, and then a back off set. Usually with the back off, so we'd have them just do it, do it, maybe they can. Right. So that was kind of a thing. And again, same thing, three hundred for four, I end up getting, you know, four reps. I'm going four, two. And again, obviously, I'll skip that last set. And I'll go, you know, obviously with what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, um, you know, four to six. Sometimes we were able to include some clusters in that. So again, that could be instead of, you know, three hundred for four, then I do three hundred for four seconds. Right. So, you know, I do three hundred for three, then I do three singles. And that's kind of our max reps system that we used to use. And again, if we wanted to incorporate clusters, really good for in season, really good if you'd have athletes that are bodyweight type athletes, wrestlers that you can't really put weight on. You don't want to get a lot of high-purchty with extended time and attention. So, you know, doing the clusters and setting. That's, that's up to you. You can do that anyway, want to. So, the next part of this was, you know, adjusting the load by rapper performance. And now we're actually going to change that weight. So, this is probably more traditional auto regulatory that you might be used to. So, it's probably going to be a long to world line. So, a couple adjustments we did. This is really good for the first, we're going to cycle. They come back. We're not testing when athletes come back. We're just not. I don't know what they were doing over winter break or summer break. Uh, you would hope that you have a culture that would elicit hard work in the office. You can understand the importance of it, but sometimes that just for whatever reason doesn't happen. So, we would not test them. But we would use basically this system to get them. So, we have a more accurate number for the following training cycle. So, it's optimal for obviously for in season and non-linear. And for us in season was non-linear. We're more conjugated in the season than we were, you know, in the office where we could have a couple of cycles. So, and again, non-linear being, there's still be maybe a two to three weeks cycle. But, you know, for the most part, it was, it was just basically the same kind of rep scheme and we rotate the exercises. And again, it really good to, you know, maintain that volume by finding the rep max. So, again, if you have during that time of year, you don't want the athletes going over certain number reps. You want to make sure to get in certain number reps. This is one of the good system. And again, low determined by the performance that last set. I think the future of this would be for me. The one thing I was wanted to do was get in a system where I could, if an athlete performed, the certain amount of weight was certain amount of reps, and then based on the reps they did, and based on the velocity of the barbell, they could determine what the weight was for the next set. Right? Okay. I end up getting one more rep. I'm going to bump the weight up. But the velocity of that rep was in a certain parameter. So, I had only bump up, you know, two and a half percent as pose a five. Whatever. That's, I think, it's going to be the future. If you can get somebody that can actually get velocity-based training to dictate based on performance of the rep and where your, you know, where your speed was for the next set, that's kind of why things of future will be going. I love to see that happen. All right. So again, sorry about the boot chart. I know it's going to be a little tougher to say, but I'll fall on with it. Again, this is in the eight week football article about a hatch. And obviously, the training, and I'll include this in the article itself, too. So, this is a three to five rep mass. One thing we did with this auto-reg, first of all, we started to do a rep range. And I wanted three rep range. I didn't want, you know, for me, you know, every time someone said, okay, five, three, one, it's the first week. I'm doing my set of five. I had to do 14 reps. Well, that's a problem. And I understand you think that that's really good. But there's a problem. There's been a big gap in the communication between coach and athlete if that happens. You know, for me, I think a three rep range, you know, plus one, plus two, if you're adjusting the load as where you want to be. And I get all explained to you how you do this. Maybe you do a two. You can do a plus two minus two type system. But for me, I thought that a rep range, given them a rep range, three to five, four to six, two to four, whatever it may be, was a better system with that. So, again, for example, we'll go with this is a three to five rep mass, right? So, and really what happens is if I'm going for a five rep mass, we're saying, if I get six, I'll add five percent if I get four, I drop five percent. If I get five, I stay the same way for the next set. Now, again, it seemed plain painfully easy. Five percent is that one hundred percent where they should be. I don't know. I don't know if it's closer to seven. I don't know if it's closer to two and a half. But I know that five percent are athletes could do in their head, right? 10 percent, cut that in half, right? 300, okay? So, 30 percent and half of that's 15. So, again, I'm going to just 15 pounds. What I did at Army is we had a system. If your, if your weights, if your squat weights were up over four, you would adjust by 20 pounds, right? It was kind of when we went through the numbers, you're going to adjust by 20 pounds. So, again, if you're going up, go up by 20. Go down, good on by 20. Three to 400, we'd go adjust by 15 pounds, two to 300, we'd just by 10 pounds, right? Below 200, we would adjust by five pounds. So, that's kind of where we got to, and again, that's pretty easy to do. If that's an easier system, if the first number on that, the first digit is four, I'm adjusting either way by 20 pounds. Because the last thing, that's a problem with adding five pounds or adding 10 pounds for a 500 pound squatter, that five pounds is, you know, it's one percent. You know, so you have to make sure your your cognitive that. So, that's the basic system. And here's a couple examples where I think it may be helpful more. So, again, let's say it's 300 for three to five reps. So, very similar example than last time, I would go ahead again. I do my warm-up set, I'm doing 300 for five, all right? So, I get the top end of that spectrum. So, what I set this percentage, I might set this at 90. I might set it out of three rep percentage or a five rep to percentage depending on where I'm at. If I'm coming back from the break and they're testing, I might set that up for five because again, I'm expecting to get five. If I want them to have some success, I might set it at that percentage up at at at at at at the higher percent if I want to success. If again, if I'm testing say okay, this is an easy thing. We need to after this, after winter break, you got four to six weeks at home, we need to do your three rep math for five reps. You know, that's a pretty simple, simple, you know, expectation for them to follow. So, and again, it goes and goes and goes and goes and goes and goes with your system. So, if you're looking at 300 by five and then, you know, obviously, if you had up getting 300 for five, he would bump up 5 percent to 315. So, he got that 315 for 3. Well, again, if I get four, I'm saying the same, 3 I'm going down. I might bump back down to 300. I get that for 3. Regardless, I'm basing this weight, this bottom back offset off of that first set. Right? Another example, and I'll go in the detail a little bit. Another example would be if I'm going 300 for 3, right? So, again, I would drop 15 pounds. Maybe I do that for 5 and I'm going back up. And again, that weight right here is based on the first set regardless of if I go up or down. If I go down to subsequent sets, then maybe that's that's your all. If I go down, down, go down to sets, base your drop off on the second set. You know, if I go up two sets in a row, base your drop off on the second set. That's anything to. If I go up, then down, or down, then up, base your drop off off the first set. That's, again, another system that you can maybe put in place for the athletes. No, because the last thing you can do, every time you're athlete asks you a question or weight room, you're not coaching someone else. So, the more you can eliminate those, the better off you are. So, again, here's the areas concerned. This is the one thing that these are actually when I went on writing these out, they had to be in pretty much the same. So, again, these are interchangeable when I wrote them out, writing them the twice and probably a little bit of a waste of time. But, again, variation of volume can have various training effects on athletes. And again, you can't say that if I'm going to, and I can, you know, varying the lows or varying the volume, and again, not all athletes are going to respond to that stimulus the same. And so, that did you have to be constant? Yes, it's addressing their preparedness for that day, but how they adapt to that stimulus, something you have to keep an eye on. The variation of volume can skew analysis. Again, variation of load can skew analysis. So, again, if I'm looking at a training cycle in this athlete, you know, over six to eight weeks, you know, added 30 pounds to their squat, and athlete, be added 15 pounds. Well, maybe athlete B. The one thing you have to do is make sure you understand that maybe athlete B was getting the point where they were going up and weight every single time. And maybe they got to a percentage or a load, maybe they had two or three weeks in a row, an a row with their, you know, hit PRs, and every hit loads they never, you know, never, had on the back before, hadn't or hands before. So, it's one of the things that you have to, you have to make sure that again, when you're looking at testing, not everybody has the same training when terms of volume are loaded. So, just be aware of that when you're looking at numbers. The other thing is again, the last thing is volume, and the intensity can be magnified. So, the volume can be magnified throughout the learning progression. So, all of a sudden, you know, again, if I'm continuing to, you know, to not hit numbers. Not only am I not hit those numbers, but I'm also not getting that volume sometimes as well too. So, and again, if all of a sudden, I'm really, I'm not getting the number. I'm one below every single time. Well, heck, that's sometimes that's a whole set they're getting cut out. So, without, that, that, if that's the case, if you have an athlete that's, it goes, you know, four, two, and then you skip that third work set, maybe you add two drop offsets. That way the athlete can just accumulate some volume because maybe that's what they need anyway. Maybe that's just not, you know, adapting to that high load in terms of the, of the intensity of percentage. And again, with the load intensity, this is one I was most afraid of as a coach. The problem is, again, I'm an especially in a linear cycle. I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to bump this athlete up five, you know, five percent. Well, the next week, there are already being bumped up five percent. So, all of a sudden, in one week, I've just had an 10 percent increase. Now, that can be, you know, most athletes at that age, that they can adapt, but at the same time, that was something that you had to always keep in mind. So, for some athletes, again, we would use a basic lander formula, which would entail that if, you know, it would adjust their next training sets or next training matches based on their performance in the last week. And again, sometimes it was the same problem with the auto rig system. Is that sometimes that would bump them up, their performance bump third max up, and then the next week or the next training cycle or the next week of the training, that's also bumped up. So, all of a sudden, now, I'm increasing sometimes instead of five, two and a half or five percent, I'm increasing, you know, 10 to 12 and a half percent. So, it just depends on where you're at in your training cycle. So, just be keenly aware of that and make sure that you're making adjustments to volume, you know, and that coincided with that. So, again, some references, super training, obviously, you know, people always make fun that no one has it, but no one reads it. I think, obviously, you know, take a look at it. And then Brian Mann's e-book on our site of APRE outstanding resource for how to utilize that. So, you know, for the price of the steel. So, those are kind of my two references, and again, so, make sure that you visit LeadUpDesk.com for any of your strength that you're needing. If you have any questions or comments, if you have a system that you use, that really helped your athletes and really, really you want to share, make sure that you visit the comments section on this article and put those ideas down. For me, it's not about me and being right. I'm too humble. I don't care. I just want those ideas to be able to pass on the other people. And all of a sudden, now, again, in three people coming with three new ideas, think of all those different ways now that we can pick and choose to help our athletes. And that's really what it's all about. I think when Pete Coach has started to realize that, I think we're all going to be in better shape. So, thanks for telling my appreciate it.