This morning we're going to demonstrate the use of the power ball to get in additional reps, especially in bad weather, winter climates, and more importantly, just even something that's a little bit softer, a little bit more gentle on the joint and the shoulder and the elbow. So what Koonley is going to start with right now is just simple standing drills. Not even get into the power position, but he's going to focus on good form, keep in the shoulders, over the hips, standing tall, and just getting in those basic warm-up throws with the ball. Currently, he's using a four-pound which is just underneath the men's international weight for the discist, but once again, it's still something that you can get those reps in and start just developing the general technique. Good. Notice he's continuing to rotate through the hips, but also keep in the arm long and in good power position for the release of the throw. Once we're going to begin the wheel throw, this is the ad starting to rotate the rotation element that goes into it. He's going to come around once he got in release. Because this event has a rotational element, we do need to train that, we need to have the held emphasized balance, we need to emphasize speed without doing the full throw. Once again, he's keeping the shoulders over the hips, he's got the arm back and full extended. The next drill is a classic discist training drill, it's called the South African. In theory, it begins from outside the legal throwing area, but it allows to develop more footwork without limiting the linear range of motion. You can see, stepping through is adding, trying to keep the feet going in a straight line towards the area throwing and continuing to work through those rotation movements. One thing to note is that the emphasis is keeping the shoulder over the hips, keep in the armor rack, but more importantly, moving the body across the straight line towards the target area. Excellent. Okay, last element now, we're going to try to contain the direction of the movement by doing a full throw, which would be inside the eight and a half foot circle. And now to begin to get the acceleration begun, the only way is to rotate the upper body a little bit, just to get that momentum going and then move into the full throw. And you can also see, he's also beginning to incorporate the legs a little bit more to generate some power to get that hip top to get those different positions and his generating more power in a shorter distance. So, let's try to get that momentum going in a straight line. So, let's try to get that momentum going in a straight line. So, let's try to get that momentum going in a straight line.