Okay, so I submit to apply it a little bit here. I've had these work really well with a lot of big time lifters after long layoffs. So for instance, Vince DeSinto, he just benched press last year 600 in his third weight class. He's like 45 years old, massless lifters. He's brought in at the elite fitness seminar about 16 weeks earlier. He missed 535 and when he told me he won a bench, 600 he was going 290 at the time. He had to come down, lose 15 pounds and gain 65 pounds of his bench. You know, that calls for an uncommercial strategy. So we threw nice metrics. He's able to do it, brought a strength back up. Big Al Davis. He's had some long layoffs before when he's come back, you know, throwing the ice metrics. And it brings a strength up really quick. So for really good lifters that have a long layouts, this seems to bring their strength up really quickly. I don't have like, that's bro science in my part, but it's seeming the schedule of the truth. So it is what it is. This could be used in preparation for a pair of thing meat. In the offseason or in contest prep. So if you would want to just target a sticking point, we'd all be caught up. You know, the final contest coming up, use it. You need to put the finishing touches on before our contest, use it. Without maximum contraction, you're wasting your time. So when we're pushing, I'm going to show some video examples of what I'm talking about. But if you're not doing these 100% you totally wasting your time. You're not getting anything out of them. And one of the ways we're going to circumventing the negatives potentially is we wanted after each. I symmetric set. We want to perform a compensatory acceleration training set 2-7 minutes later. You want to perform each I symmetric contraction for 5-6 seconds. Games seem to really spike for about 6-8 weeks and they kind of, they kind of, they don't, then they quit working so much. So you want to use these sickly-clean a couple of times a year, probably. And they must be trained with dynamic movements. Basically, if you do one in the deadlift, bench press, whatever, do that movement, full range of motion, as explicitly as possible to the 7-7 minutes after. Here's a functional I symmetric right here. There's one example. That's Peter right there. So in the last rep there, he's pushing as hard as he can. Okay, this is what this goes ahead. Yes. Yes. This goes to maximum force against the safety bar. That's exactly it. That's the move logic. So if you don't have a power at the, unless you're, like, really good training partners that you really trust, it's probably not really a viable option. Okay. So the functional I symmetric share I learned from Charles Pollackwin. You do them inside a power rack. You want to set your pins at your sticking point for, in that case. That was his lockout. So he's going to do six to eight reps. Okay. Then at the end, he's going to do it as hard as he can for six seconds. And the amount of weight to use that Charles Pollackwin, the guideline he gave was, you should not be able to do another rep after. So, you know, it's probably going to be in this range, like, for most people like 70, 75 percent of what, what their max will be following those guidelines. Okay. Instead of just using a bar like you were doing in the picture, you put about using a moderate weight. That's exactly what we're talking about. Okay. That was just what I thought I said. Hey, we're going to film this for this. Well, thank you. Yeah. So you want, I'm thinking about 70, 70, about 70 percent to get starting point on that particular one. So the floor is, oh, where are you? And you're, like, say, you're in the bench, yeah. Yeah. I would do this a second exercise. It's a very important exercise when we're be fresh for it, but if you're training it strong in the bench press, it nothing takes place for the bench press. You know what I'm saying? Okay. This is, uh, Crazy art ice and metrics right here. We actually have tyros from here, Jim is training it. So I'm going to move a little while of value. And we'll show the movement here pretty quick. So this is the prison art ice metric. So see right, I'm right there, spotting out. And I'm stopping him at a sticking point. Then he's got two more reps after. And you better, I'm going to talk about some more. You better make sure you have good training partners to do this one. And like, you know, it's the old thing of anything totally safe, you know, totally useless. So if you're just doing general fitness, probably not a good idea. Yeah, this was inspired by the 195 ruling California, but you heard of that. Basically before we took the weights out of prisons, they, they welded 195 on. You couldn't do any more than that. So what the inmates would do is they would, um, they were pressing in sub order at extra resistives. So you now have two very competent spotters. Art see me a very competent spotter. You better not have to do it with the issues. But you want to use 78% or cent, we're new for like on the first rep. You're going to stop it. They're going to hold it for five seconds. You're going to release. You're going to have two more explosive reps. This is the isometric cat contrast. This one you don't need to add actually on the bar. This is the whole point. Just working that sickened point. So just pushing as hard as you can. Five or six seconds. We'd fall it up with an explosive bench press. Okay, so that one inside a power rack. You know, bar only and though it's 68% here's not there's no way on the bar. It's just how much weight you do to the explosive set with that after. Okay, so now we're talking about a little bit about some other assisting bench press movements. This is a wide grip pause bench press with Jeremy Hornstruck. And notice this grip not you guys are probably going to widen if it's just got crazy. Even with very wide in it. But I'll explain why. Okay, so with the wide grip. We want to approximately 1.5 inches wider than normal so you can still hand a pretty good amount of weight. And not over strain your shoulders too much. So if you're gripping like really close right here, you know, then you're going to be out right here. So it's a wide grip relative to what you do. So 1.5 inches wider than normal. We want to use for six to 10 reps. And you're going to pause for one second at the bottom of each rep. Now if you're longer limb and especially if you're longer limb to end thinner, I would avoid this movement's going to put a lot of strain in your shoulder. So this is a good movement for people that are pretty good build the bench press. But you know, if you don't you got that angle down there. Put a ton of stress in your shoulder so I would advise avoiding this movement. Same thing here with the camber bar bench press. This is anybody here who heard of Mike for Donald. Kyle for Mike with Donald, the world record of bench press 8070s. So he would do the camber bar. The camber bar he used would have a this is about a 3 inch camber. So he'd a 5 inch camber on there. He come all the way down to his chest. So what we're trying to do here is just create a slight deficit. So it's about a half inch lower than normal. That extra range of motion provides a huge overload to him. And again, if you have long arms and you're not like very barrel chest, I wouldn't do this movement. But the deficit you're creating there needs to be an inch max. When that's why in that video we had extra boards in there. So he doesn't go any deeper than that. So this is Ed Conner. I hear he's kind enough to do his demo for us. Anybody around him? He kept text message you when I told him about this lift because he kept talking about how much he felt it and stuff. So all it is is you're going to regular bench press. Here's pausing for a second or two about an inch off your chest. That's it. Nothing. This was actually inspired by Eric Soto who currently has the world record raw on the bench press. I saw his videos and he kept stopping short of his chest. And then he transitioned the forage motion. He's not going to use it to suck. He's going to go out of 100 pounds. Well, he just picked it up where he was and picked everybody's hands. I mean, that was that. And suck figure, my logic being if that worked for him. Why can't it work for other people in the house. So it's a great way to build tightness. And as a huge transfer of training to your regular lift, it even really helps your bottom in strength because you really have to stay tight right there. Dead bench. So he's just a power record there. Weight can start, you know, about an inch off your chest. Half inch off your chest to inches and on display the differences. So you can't be starting in a negative position. That or what's the term? It's a term. There is no negative. You know what I'm saying? Like you're talking to the negative's the way down, right? We're getting rid of that. And here's, I'm explaining why that's a good observation. Because that's the whole point of me. So when you go down on it. Roll and it, right? Roll and it, roll and it, roll and it, Yeah, because remember your message. So, okay. So the negative portion of the lift, your, your stored elastic like energy is going to basically assist you to lift the weight back out. Okay. So we're going to get rid of that right here. So it's going to be harder. There's no negative phase. It's going to help you anymore. It's all on you. There's no elastic energy helping you. So for that reason, we want to do singles only here. We started to bump out a bunch of reps. We, you know, words of training effect. Why, again, why are we doing this? Wouldn't make sense. So we want to vary the sets, the reps, the rest periods. You're not, you're not, you're not, you're not, you're not the sets, the rest. The weight on the bar, not the actual reps. This is very tough to do for a tall man. Why is this harder for tall people? What's the one advantage a tall man has in the bench press? Anybody? Main gore. They've managed. So it's a, one. Exactly. You get that, you're getting that long stretch down. So they're storing that elastic like energy. So they actually do have one sort of advantage show. That being said, it's going to be very hard for him. But they're going to get probably the most benefit of it too. And with that being said, also, if you're, if you have long arms, start it more like two inches off your chest. Okay, because you're not getting that, you get that elastic energy. You're automatically go two inches. You miss the weight. You give such a long stroke. Oh, okay. Right to here, barely pushed. Where like Jeremy Horst for somebody has short arms. You're going to start like right off your chest, two about a half inch off your chest. So most people, if I said, what is it for everybody to say an inch? That'd be probably a pretty safe guessument where no one's to be real far off. Okay, board pressing. Anybody ever do board presses? Okay. Great overload. I think generally we're using for one to five boards. You know, I guess they're like six boards for people grow long arms. But they're, they're good for, you know, obviously, overloading your training for people that are shoulder issues. You want to keep on pressing. They can't go full range all the time. They're good for mechanical advantage drops. So if you're, you know, for more bodybuilding strength, you're like a drop set with that would mean is, you know, you do a certain amount of reps, close grip. You do the same thing to one board, the same thing to two board and you have a partner of keep outing boards. And anybody here ever heard of progressive distance training? Old school. This is like Paul Anderson and way before that. But what it is is basically like so when people would say squat, they would like set the pins on a squat rack and barely go down and keep putting a lower. You do the same thing here with the boards. I mean, if you did the same type of thing, what you have for me is just like make very small increments on the boards. And then so each board would be like, you know, really like five little boards with it. And it like those boards you know, remember those sharing when you made those red boards? It's exactly what it would be used for. So I mean, you know, this thing, I've always tried that with one person just wanted to do like a getting bigger thing and I didn't think it work. It actually did. So just thrown it out there. Okay. So now we're seeing one of my other favorite lifts for bringing up the bench presses is dips. And we got a little example here of dips and board presses. Our excuse me, first up the closed grip. This one is talking about right here with the mechanical drop advantage drop set. So obviously for bodybuilding, you know, the parrothi and work out with one of them. That would be good. Try sets finisher. So he's going five reps close grip. Going to two two boards. The three boards. Four boards. The finishing off of five. So this difference with the regular drop set is instead of, you know, decreasing weight, we're increasing mechanical advantage. Okay. Here's one of my other favorite lifts to help with the best presses, weighted dips. It's an only boogie. Okay. Dips were a staple in old school, old school routines, especially with people who are going to a lot of overhead pressing and things like that. You know, we really want to work these up heavy and weighting and assuming you don't have any elbow or shoulder issues. Sometimes it's actually a substitute with certain people that have those type of issues. But, you know, if you do have shoulder issues, you know, you want to proceed with caution with these. Shane flies. Anybody ever seen these before? It's a great way of striking your chest right now. Why would these be more effective than regular flies, anybody? There you go. That's pretty too. Yeah, both of you guys make a good points. So basically, like what's your name? Yeah. Max like Maxine said. So basically, the resistance is going to increase. So when you're in your most vulnerable weakest position, the resistance is the least. And as you get to the favorable leverage and it's easier, you've got to lift more. So basically, you're overloading the entire range of motion. It says just the bottom portion. So basically, do these like a giant bare hug. Okay. So the band in your elbow does not change the whole time. Okay. They're not nearly as taxing on your shoulders. And as Maxine said, his leverage improves. So does the resistance. He's a very good for muscle eye perch being extremely heavy on these. Okay. So then another question I get a lot is with single joint movements. Do we include them in parenting training? Absolutely. So I don't think there's like a big movement versus a small movement. Some people that so roped into certain categories like, you know, like, curls are gay. I'm not going to do curls are like, you know, or like, you know, lift big, get big. You know, it's not exactly like that. There's going to be some crossover. You have certain weakness and you don't correct it. You're going to have compensatory movement patterns. So you want to definitely integrate movements, you know, like the movement intentionless, but then do the isolation lifts and more of a muscle intention. So if you're in a fly, instead of like we said early, instead of ballistic, we just trying to swing the dumbbells. You want to actually try to feel the chest doing the work. The work and pretty much every anecdote from what, you know, way back, is going to support using a blended approach. Okay. Here's someone with just my favorite. I know we're starting to go a little over time here. Some of my favorite chest exercises right here for more isolation lifts. Flys, cable flies, band-resistant flies just put a band-runner back, holding dumbbells in your hands, inclined decline, flat, chain flies. For biceps, geronda perfect curls. You don't know what that is, and you want to know, just hit me up on email, I'll send you a video that's going to show you better writing. Explain it. Hammer curls, inclined rubber curls, and one arm eccentric barbell curls. For shoulders, military press variations of all sorts, front raises, face pools, and the Ronnie Coleman rear delt machine we have a metrophlex, which is basically your torso's an horizontal position that you do an invert fly from that position. Triceps, jam press, dicks press, the V handle, tricep, chain extensions, and tape presses. For upper back stuff, I like better baros, Tvaros, both prison style and chest supported, warm dumbbell rows, neutral grip pull-ups. And just wanted to let people know if they haven't seen my new book, built to the hillside, it's available at a league fitness. You got any questions if not, before we take a break after this. A little correct. Real quick and quick. Go ahead. Use the overloaded eccentric phase of bench press with pretty popper. Yeah, very cool. I noticed you didn't mention it. Is that something not used in today's world? I would say it's not used very much, but I don't think that's just a good thing. My fair word to do that is with weight release, which you know what those are? Yeah. That's a fair, that's the way I like to do it. So then any potential negative song I didn't find you to fire out back out in that positive, you're going to push it back up more explicitly. So I think in some cases people have gotten softer too, so that's hard. It's scary. Yeah, you know. It had to be careful when it's good when you hit hard. It looked like you were like a sweet, sour, spicy, spicy, spicy, spicy, spicy, spicy. I think they're great for all bench pressing, is an excess remover to overload, absolutely. Especially if you have any pack of shoulder issues that can allow you to press more, and you know, get a little more volume in, and overload of triceps. You can even use one dip, still. I mentioned a ball of the express. I was watching videos of that. You were going that far about back. Is the purpose of that stretch? Yes. You need something. You want to take it back to your chin level too. It's a chain. And it's a chain. So that's a chain. So that's it. And that's the chain. And that's the chain. It's a chain.