Mark Watts, Derek Domeer, lead at theos.com. Today we're going to demonstrate a quick shoulder pre-abelitation circuit using the bands and a rack. Before we demonstrated with the bands attached at the bottom of rack, you'll give you a little bit of variety. You can use a couple of different kinds of bands or the same one doesn't matter. What you want to do with this circuit is have these bands set up right above the shoulder level of the athlete. You can change those up if you have multiple athletes or if you want to do different circuits. As long as you have tension, you're pulling away from the rack, these won't slide. If you are worried about those bands sliding up and down, when you have them looped around the rack, just put them just above the J-hook and you'll be fine. The first thing we're going to do is we're going to take our micro-minutes. We're going to do two different variations of external rotation. So high position, external rotation, and as you can see, he's crossed up. And again, this way, his actual upper arm is a little bit more of a 45, a little bit safer. This way, more tension with the bands. But again, because his upper arms are basically not as extended and retracted, it's not as bad. He can do the same thing with the bands now in a position where it's going to be harder. Less tension on the bands, but it's going to be harder because now he can really open up that chest and get it more of a range of motion. So again, any time it's our rotation, 45 degree angle as opposed to a 90 degree angle. So two different variations, whatever you feel is better for your asses. The next one's going to be just grabbing the mini bands. He's crossing them up as well. So it's going to be basically the first one's going to be a scarecrow. So again, shoulder blades retracted, right? Put them in your back pockets and this is going to come up at a 45 degree angle. And again, bringing those shoulder blades down. The best of the important thing is making sure we're not shrugging. Making sure again, we have that chest open up and bring those short and those scaply together and down at the same time. The other variation of that would be just some of the same reverse slide. So now instead of about a 45, he's just going to be at a 90 degree angle. So again, probably a little bit easier to do with the 90 degree angle and just to reverse slide. That's kind of the same progression. You can combo those up. So after you're fatigued with the scarecrow, you can go right to reverse slide. Last one's going to be using a monster mini. And again, you could use whatever band you feel is appropriate for your athletes. But this is going to be crossover. We're just going to go ahead and just doing normal face pull. The good thing about using two bands is to pose the one is that you can action now the resistance you have to pull out and you can get just a little bit more contraction with the wrong boys with the rear delts and the upper back area. And then next is going to be now we're going to put them in the same hand and for lack of better description, where's going to do what we call Toronto press. So again, now we're going to have, again, shorter ways that pockets have our hands up right about a 90 degree angle and we're just going to go ahead and press. And again, though, in this this is not up. It's going to be just keeping our shoulder blades retracted the whole time. And as the hands get away from the center of gravity, it gets a little more difficult. Try those out. See what you think, comment in your article index or then the exercise index for us in, then tell us what you think.