Okay, so two drills weren't going to go over. One is going to be an itky shuffle, one is going to be a crossover. We're not going to talk about these drills and being the end all to be all, but we're just going to be giving a couple tips to make sure that you can do them a little more effectively to have a little bit better carry over for the field. So again, we're going to go through, bronzer to go through and the first one he's going to do is just that Iky shuffle. So he's going to really plant and really push off that obstacle leg. So again, when he plants, he's able to load that leg up a little more similar to what's going to be on the field and all three of these guys are going to go through us to go ahead. Plant, plant, and push off. And then the key is that distribution of weight on the outside. So they really can plant and then push off. And that's the really most important thing. Too many times we go through the Iky shuffle. One is, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, athletes are straight up. Now we want to get that low position. So at least we can get a little bit closer to those angles that we'll see on the field. The second drill is going to be the crossover. So again, now we're trying to simulate a five half the NF-510 5. I plant and I push off and that crossover step. So now you're going to see really trying to plant and drive that obstacle leg. So the crossover in the box, plant outside plant, drive that obstacle, and then again, three to have an athlete, three to have a position. All three are going to have a little bit different since then how they do it. So really trying to drive that obstacle knee going through. So again, anytime you're incorporating any of these speed ladder drills, make sure that they're going to have a carry over. So it might not be the drill itself. It might be how you're teaching and how your athletes are responding to it. So try those out coach coach technique. Coach how they're doing it, not necessarily changed the actual drill itself.