Everybody, this is Steve Colskat for Lead FTS. We're doing another segment of video inquisitions with Eric Mirosher. And Eric asks her wild once wrote that life is not complex, life is simple and the simple thing is the right thing. You've got a knack for kind of simple to find things like training. And you're training, it seems to me as a hybrid of west side, conjugate training and some of the things that the early France training method. Can you tell us a little bit about describe how you managed to mix these two styles together in your own? Wow, I'm following an Oscar Wild quote from Steve Colskat. This is tough. How can I simplify it? To simplify it, I would say that for us one size does not fit all. Not every guy is going to wear the same text seal to the problem. How's that? You know, we have lifters. Like you mentioned the west side method, for example. That is a gym of elite lifters. Like you're top of a top. In some cases, the best ever ever been in their way class Lifter. I think if the most power lifting gym is you've got a a high-spotch of different lifters. You've got some lifters that are going to be lead athletes. Some could be the best, you know, like ever and a head cone kind of sets of the word. But you're also going to have people that that is their passion, but maybe just genetically, that's not what they're really suited to do. And there's a lot of different training methods. And I think there's merit to all. And what we really try to do really is just pick what part of each of those things were specifically with the deficits that the Lifter we're dealing with has. So for example, with some of our lifters, the friends of the work's great for their deadlift. You know, the is in described in the 10 to man that's a parl thing and the learning friends book. And for some lifters, they respond more to the website conjugate method for their deadlift. So part of that equation is that, you know, when you're dealing not with widgets, but with actual people, what they believe works for them, sometimes works for them. You know, you've got those kind of variables as well. So we have lifters that trained westside completely and fully. We have some that do the westside movements, but it's not so much exact with percentages. And then some that do a friend's method and some that just do different kinds of periodization methods. So it's a hodgepodge, but it's at the most of the gradients, Jim, it's a hodgepodge of lifters too. So for us anyway, it works really well. So there's not that one method that works because they all have merit, I really believe that they do. And that's where so many people, you know, dabble in different kinds of training methods because there's merit to all of them in some way, shape, and form. And so follow up on that Eric. You also believe that role lifters need to train differently. Why is that and how do you adjust their training? Well, let's look at the bench press, for example. You know, with a bench shirt, you're going to get a good amount of kinetic energy that's built up at the bottom of the lift. And you really need to stress the top part of the movement. You know, with a raw lifter, they got to be strong at the bottom because there is no shirt and they need to be strong at the top because that's where you put your breath, you know, that you let your lock out. So it's just a little bit different. I think it's like, you know, the difference between playing the electric guitar and the acoustic guitar. You know, they're both guitar, but you play them very differently because they're in an essence to different instruments, but they're the same as well. Or you could look at that like, you know, indie car versus drag racing. I mean, they're really going fast, but they're they're also different sports, raw and equipped as almost a different sport, just because of, and I've done both just because the demands and puts under body are, they're just not the same. So again, like my earlier answer, I think there is not one tried to train method, but just in general, a little bit more volume does the raw lifter, just in my personal experience. It does it a good benefit for them. And finally, Eric, you had some injuries that you've had to work around. How have you adjusted your training, what's the current state of your training? Sure. No over the years, I've had a number of little minor injuries, but I've also had a couple of duties, these out of bicep rupture. And she definitely have to, you have to train around not only the injury, but the amount of time it takes to heal. So there's the mental healing where you're ready to go again, really quickly, and jump back on the horse, but then there's that biological healing that you can't mess with that otherwise. You've got an injury on top of an injury, and you did it for a very little weight, because you're really not even training yet. But I think just like you train for a competition when you get an injury, you need to come up with a plan to train around that injury otherwise you're just putting around the gym trying to find out what works. So right now I'm dealing with a little sacroiliac joints, which I was not even really familiar with until I got out of alignment, and that makes it difficult when you're squatting to go maximum weight with that kind of a tweak. So I've kind of methodically plotted out what is the plan to train around this. So that way, when you are ready to train, you're as prepared as you can be realizing that you've got a slowly climb back up at numbers, because in addition to just general weakness that you're going to get not training heavy, your tendons, your ligaments have not had that big load on me either. So your mind is willing to go, but you've got to remember that your body's got to be ready for that load too. So you've got to have a plan on how to train around the injury, and then when you come back, what is the plan to get back to your competitive numbers?