Mark Wallace, Derek Gowler, leadFDS.com. Today we're going to talk about board pressing for sports performance. Now there's three ways really that people use boards in their training. For gear lifters, for people who use a venture, it's a way to standardize how far down you need to come to your chest. So having progression, that's a way to use us boards, and it's a way to standardize that. For all of the people that want to just reduce the range of motion, so they don't want to come all the way down to their chest, and other use for board presses. But something like that, you really don't need the board. You could also use something like our shoulder sever pad that will be out relatively soon. Just something that you can kind of reduce that range of motion, and see it at all as that distance. The main two main purposes for board pressing for sports performances, number one with the board, you can have the athlete come down in a center to stretch you. As fast as they want, they really drastically reduce that as such a contraction, which really has the attributes to sort us, especially when you work with athletes in season. Second of all, they can reset bar on the board. So again, they're not, again, that time their attention is cut and half. So again, it's another thing that can attribute to sort us. They can actually have to overcome inertia and push off the board, and really generate some starting strength to push off the board. So if the key to that is making sure that you're reducing a center contraction by coming down hard on the board, I say in tight, and secondly, to press up a fast to can, make sure that that board has as the bulk of the weight. So again, what is going to demonstrate real quick? There's going to take this pretty close to the max. So again, with the board, obviously, most of you know as far as I'm a piloting back on you want to tilt that board up. Again, when he comes down, he's going to come out well and turn the quick to stay right. And just let that board rest. He's still tight. He still has his last, still has every tight. So now he's going to go ahead and just launch that board off the board. So again, coming down quickly and glant your up off the board. So it's not really a pause, but we're not tapping either. It's really just make it true. We're coming down fast, stay in time, and then press it up the glass and we can. So again, just bring that with your athletes. Again, this one thing that you can actually get, your athletes press relatively heavy with out, out and tating on a soreness and really continue to develop the supposed strength. So give that a try. Those are two adjustments you can make in an athletic set.