Okay, rest pause training. This guy, he's one of the first people I experimented at rest pause training on there. He's like, I just put a video on YouTube. He's about six, seven, three, thirty, five right there. He was about, you know, like, two hundred pounds a couple years earlier and not saying it's only because of rest pause training, but that's one of the first people I experimented on. Here's a little video showing an example of rest pause training like I'm talking about. This video is produced by the great Steve Coin who's in attendance too. So you're gonna rest 20 seconds. That well percentage of this one right next to that. That was for him was at that time period, about 85%. Okay, so rest pause training while I like it. And so just showing you what that was right there. It's basically you're doing as many reps as possible without failing or losing your technique. Okay, resting 20 to 30 seconds, repeating that process, resting 20 or 30 seconds repeating that process. So basically it's three many sets into one set. So I call the rest pause method, the universal grit gainer program simply or method, simply because it's basically custom tailored to your individual differences. So if you're really good with reps, like you're predominantly fast twitch muscle fiber and you can't do a whole lot of reps, you can still create maximum intensity with a rest pause method where if the flip side is, if you're good at a bunch of reps, you can create maximum intensity with the rest pause method because you're gonna do as many reps you can, rest 20 to 30 seconds, repeat the process. So this is a really good routine for pushing people that are like have trouble making gains. If you're a so called hard gainer, this will work for anybody. I mean, it's worked from Johnny Jackson, just was here, to Al Davis, to guy in that video right there. And this is a great method for strength and high-purchary both. So obviously, for parallel thing purposes, we can go really heavy on this, even like 90 plus percent and do a few singles this way. That's how big gym Williams, the world record and the bench press forever trained. And then for high-purchary feed and go down like the 65 to 80 percent rep range. So this is another reason I like this was again because it was, I wrote a book, my best friend called Jellhouse Strong and we investigated a lot of like the routines of inmates. And this was a favorite of big gym Williams. Anybody know that is? Okay? Then the Michael Christian, anybody know that is? Leader of the Englishwood Crypt, so he got second in the Olympia and I think he was railroaded because he wears durag when he gets posed, but that's a whole mother issue we could talk about. He didn't take the weeder company line. But anyways, with rest-post range, just talking about those guidelines, we want to determine your purpose. Why are you doing this? Are you doing this to get stronger? Or are you doing this to get to war musculer or whatever you're going to do? So, generally for strength, we're going to do these in a compensatory acceleration style. But if you're doing like some sort of bodybuilding method where you're trying to do like a time-under-tension or something, that can be encompassed with it as well because it works for high-purchary feed. The rest intervals between subsets are generally going to be 15 to 30 seconds. Once we get start going beyond 30 seconds, it's sort of like, you know, like a legitimate row rest at that point. And then I would say have a spotter monitor your rest periods. You want to just worry about lifting in the weight. And when we're training for strength, when in doubt stop, you don't get, you're not going to get stronger by missing the lift. So, you want to practice doing it right. Okay, so then a little more with this rest pause training right here. Anybody know what auto-regulation is? Basically means if you feel good, go for it. So, if you're having a good day, you're going to do more than you normally would if you're going to grab me a day, you back off in a nutshell. So, the rest pause training is ultimate form of auto-regulation that can be integrated into. Does anybody know what like a linear-preadization program is? Basically, it's just add more each week, right? So you could, you could still follow a linear model with rest pause training and still integrate that auto-regulation because if you're going to 75% this week, 70% next week, you're going to custom tailor those rep ranges to what you're capable of that day and still progress linearly. So the universal element to why this works is, it's the maximum intensity. Again, we talked a little bit earlier about how it's going to work for people that are primarily fast-twitch or slow-twitch or good at reps or crappy at reps. Okay, so this is going to take a new count again with every new great day or a poor day. Now we're going to talk a little bit about isometrics. In isometrics, you do a maximum isometric contraction like that, you're actually going to be stronger and more explosive on the next lift after. And they've actually had some new research coming out in the last few months to verify what we already kind of knew, but that was Jeremy Hornstor. We actually did that before. He said his world record in the bench press, did that right before because he kept talking about how every time he do it in the work, I did feel stronger after I said, okay, he's like, can we do it here? I said, well, I said, yeah, I mean, we definitely are going to do it here. So through some bad circumstances, it looked like he wasn't going to make it that day, he smoked it that day and I think that partially at least played a role. Go ahead. So in that slot right there, Josh? Yes. If you hold it down, the weight while he was trying to push up. It's exactly that. Okay, because I'm okay, I'm okay. Yeah, and those guys on the side were pushing it down because I think he wouldn't have pushed it off with just me probably. I mean, that's because you can produce. We'll get into here. You can produce about 15% more force out than you normally could on a concentric contraction or the way up. And that's a perfect leverage position for him. So anyways, a little bit about the history of isometric says, well, before we get into the history, is everybody know what they are. Space list static contraction. So for what we're talking about here, it's going to be pushing as hard as you can against an immobile object, but even like a crucifix hole in straw man or a bodybuilding pose would technically be an isometric contraction. So that's an isometric contraction. So anybody, we're going to go, I know some of you guys know about the history here. Basically in the 1960s, Bob Hoffman made millions of dollars with Dr. John Ziegler on their isometric training center or excuse me, training system. What had happened was, you know, they were, they didn't, the whole truth wasn't really exposed. So basically anybody ever heard of Bob Hoffman? Yep. He owned York Barba Club. So he gave Dr. John Ziegler a physician. It was kind of like the team physician that just enjoyed weightlifting. He kind of let him go places with him. So he was sort of a hanger on her and they went over to the World Championships in Vienna, Austria in 1954 and all these Russians were super jacked up and really hairy at a young age. So he basically called on the Russian physician said, hey, let's go out for a night in the town. You know, it isn't Vienna, the vodka was flown. You know, the attitudes loosened up. So he finally said, hey, you know, what's the deal? He's like, oh, I've just been getting them shots at testosterone. And so Ziegler, not to be a done, went back to America and he tried to invent his own testosterone in the initial, you know, I guess experiments weren't very successful. But then, you know, he stuck to it, stuck to it and he actually invented Diana Ball, which is still one of the most effective steroids today. And so he started giving this to like Bill March and all these guys at your Parbo Club. And they all started breaking records like right and left. But Ziegler and Hoffman were smart enough to say, oh, yeah, it's because of this isometric training system we've invented. So then everybody started doing isometrics, even like John Beaty, who had the, I think he's like the World Record, though. You remember that? And for the one mile around that time? Yeah, baby. Yeah, exactly. Jason Vester was like a hammer thrower, yeah. All these guys publicly were talking and praises about isometric surveys. Oh, yeah. And so people, you know, were disappointed with the results because they weren't getting, you know, the huge increases that Bill March was. But okay, so you guys have all been to like commercial gyms in here, right? And you're pretty well aware that there's like all kinds of people that are taken drugs that are weak. They have no muscle all the time. The point being that you can not, even if you train like a total moron, either take steroids, you're not going to break world records. So there was a little, but there was some bloody to this message that just got convoluted in the steroids. It wasn't as effective as they said, but it still was effective because if it was all drugs, the clowns, they'll, they'll, they'll be out here, you know, left in these guys out here. And it's not happening. So anyways, now we define what an isometric is. So we have two kinds of isometric. Sometimes you'll see people that they're just, they're holding the weight, they're just holding a heavy weight in place. I don't think that's the most effective way to do isometrics. We want to push through. So what we're, the idea of the isometrics I'm talking about is pushing as hard as you can against an move of logic. And you know what this does is going to, it's going to teach you to produce more force. Because sticking points are real. A lot of people think sticking points are just the speed or whatever, wearing off. But they've actually done studies with the test. Well, different regions of the bench press and all 12 regions had different force capability, you know, production. So with that being said, these are real. You're able to produce different amounts of force and real spots. So it's, you know, it could be a specific weakness in what the isometric should be. I'm going to explain it's going to allow you to produce a lot more force. So some of the drawbacks to isometric are since you're pushing so hard against an removable object. They're not recommended for people with high blood pressure. So a lot of you guys are trainers in here. You're training general fitness clients with like really high blood pressure. I mean, I wouldn't recommend. People will pass out and say, what's the blood pressure? Yeah. So yeah, exactly. So they're very demanding on a central nervous system because you're, like I was saying earlier, you can produce 15 percent more force this way than you can. And centrally. Okay. The other drawback was let's say somebody's perfectly healthy and wants to get stronger, but they don't really train really hard. There's no way to quantitatively assess what you're doing unless you have like special devices. So if you're having them pushing the squat rack as hard as they can with the bar against the pins and they're doing it 75 percent, I mean if they're fake enough, they're fake enough. There's no way you'd know the difference. So only use this for like the hard workers. Okay. And potentially, if you only trained ice metrics, they could decrease your rate of force development and impede your stretch shortening cycle. But that should not happen. And it's actually enhanced and have done correctly. So some of the benefits of ice metrics are they maximize your strength, the bodyweight ratio. So basically you can gain strength without gaining the whole out of mass. Okay. They maximize time efficiency because like we said before, you can produce 15 percent more force away. So generally, like a maximum effort, bench press, your maximum force production is going to last for about a third of a second. So if we can do that for five seconds, which we want to do for an ice metric, that's 15 times longer. So basically you're going to produce 15 percent more force, 15 times longer. That's the ultimate. Training efficiency right there. One complaint that most people at least is a drawback, but I disagree with is the localized strength improvement. I mean, if you have a sticking point, you're trying to work. It's not going to transfer about 15 to 20 degrees beyond the joint angle you're working. But if you're trying to systematically target a sticking point, you want it to be localized. That's the whole point. Like we talked about earlier, it can increase your explosive power, strength capability post contraction.