Everybody, Steve Coltscott here for elitefts.com. We're doing another segment of video inquisitions. This time with Michael Stikiner, also known as Paper. Paper as a master herbalist, what urge would you recommend for someone that is trying to sometimes a fat loss program? By what mechanism do you need to do? As far as herbs for fat loss, I have to be honest when I tell you that this is not a particular mic, I never really get my feet into this particular area of herbal medicine. It's never been something I've taken that great of an interest in when it comes to herbs. Not to say that they're on playevers, I'm sure that they're worked well for that. For what I've seen, there is just a tremendous amount on nutrition and training on how to reduce body fat. For something like that, I think your problem best not to say a simple as possible with your nutrition. Since herbs were our original medicines and some of them have drug-like effects, are there also side effect concerns, particularly with these fat loss type of herbs? As far as side effects of what would be considered fat loss herbs or thermogenic herbs, I'm going to go back to my original statement that made earlier in this interview regarding standardized vericides or isolated herbs versus folers. The truth is that when you're dealing with a foler, you're not in seeing real side effects from it because it's a perfectly balanced herb. When you're dealing with a sterilized herb, because of the fact that it has been thrown out of balance and because you're isolating one and more of the chemical constituents to make it into a completely different herb, really more of a drug, that's when you're going to see more of the side effects, the cardiovascular issues and whatnot. I'd like to give a really good example of this. We all know about a fedra, I'm sure, and if you have it, I'm sure you can look it up because there's a ton of information on the fedra. A fedra is the out-of-the-duty, a found-in-the-erodofedra. Okay, and the reason why fedra was originally taking off the market was because that the claim was made that a fedra gave, take true people and give them hornets and cordial vestial events. Therefore, the FDA decided to pull the herb off the market. The problem is that when the herb was left in its whole form before it became standardized, there was a single side effect that ran along with the fedra. And on top of that, all of those claims that people said a fedra did to them, which you did is that none of those bottles or none of those products had the whole fedra earned in the whole had the standardized fedra earned with a large amount of fedra in. Therefore, when the happening was that these people were taking the drug a fedra in, which is by definition actually still on the market, even though that was the chemical constituent that gave people a problem. So the point I'm making is that when you took the herb from its whole form and made it would isolate, or again, you'd now need to more of the dangerous drug and now you have positive people to the market. So we'll talk about side effects of thermogenic herbs or these weight loss herbs or fat burning herbs. The reason why so many people have such a controversial issue with them is because most of them are not used in their whole herb form. With the compounds that you mentioned, should they be used isolated just one at a time, or is there some synergistic effects from using a couple of them together? How would you recommend that? As far as using herbs as individual herbs versus a formula, that would really depend upon in terms of effectiveness. That would really depend upon how what we're using here is for what the purpose is. Most of the time most herbs used in formula are a bunch more powerful way, but there are more powerful way of using herbs. But there are exceptions to that rule where you're dealing with one specific individual herb that has more of a whole body effect. Those are known as tonics or adaptogens, things like World Yoga, or they've even some of different types of genes, or Afroganda or Sessandra root. These are all considered tonic herbs that help to allow the body to deal with the stresses that it goes through on a daily basis. You might also know the term, like I mentioned before, adaptogens. I'm a big candidate, adaptogens. They're just wonderful for helping to support the body. Another one is in the liquor issue, which is another one by favorite adaptogens as well. But as far as one versus another in terms of formula versus an individual, again, that would really depend upon what your end result goal is. If you're looking to deal with a specific organ system and you want to support the other organs that you know, the rest of the body's organs around it, when a formula would be in your best interest. But if you're looking for more of a general tonic, then an individual adaptogens will work perfectly fine as a single and as a single interviewer, a single work.