Everybody, Steve Polskut for leadfts.com. Talking again to Brian Mann and my question for you in this segment is going to be in this strength and conditioning world, you're probably going to probably go to my disagree and just you're very highly regarded to the point that some people will even say, I'm no Brian Mann, but I believe I've heard that before. So I've heard this. Wow, heard this. All we do. But anyways, from your perspective, what would you say are some of the things that you see in the weight room or in programming in general that people are doing wrong these days? Well, the main thing to me that I have to get up on a soap box of is I call scope of practice. So whenever you are a strength and conditioning coach, you're supposed to understand how to get somebody stronger, more powerful and a better condition. Now there's been a big shift to the more of the functional training. And as the way that I see it, it's like a carpenter trying to do plumbing. So they know what they know and they know it very well, but they're trying to go do things that they have no experience, no knowledge of and they really, since they don't understand the application of how things are supposed to be working, it's not good. A lot of them are trying to go out and be physical therapists. And they're trying to just, they see, oh, this person has done the clamp shelves for that person's group media. So that must be something I need to do for everybody. No, do. Try and get strong, try and get powerful. That's the thing about it. That's what we're supposed to do. And even within that, I think that so many people just fail to recognize the science behind the things and how to use that to their advantage, like the understanding of the sports conditioning. I know that, you know, buddy Morse, I think Gabe did an interview with Buddy Morse, and he was talking about how people are always still talking about football being anaerobic. Is it technically anaerobic, since anaerobic means absence of oxygen? Yeah, but it's also the absence of lactate as well. So football is really a lactic aerobic and not anaerobic. So people need to just stop doing what the one person told them to do and what it was 15 years ago and actually go and research for themselves and find that there's better way to do things. If your athlete's aren't improving, it's because you're doing the wrong things. Okay. Thank you, Brian.