Everybody, see if Cole Scott here for Elite FTS, we're doing another segment of video inquisitions, this time with Eric and Rocher. And Eric, you are a very good friend with Philip Nannials who played in the NFL for 15 years. I was with the Bears, the Seahawks, and kind of ended his career with the Red Skins. I know that you're not a big football fan, so how did you and Philip cross paths and tell us a little bit about how that came about? Yeah, I'm definitely not a big huge football fan. I enjoy it, but I'm a pale and comparison to the guys at the gym that can tell you every set of every player on the Bears or whatever teams they're favorite team. But I got an email one day from Phil and he explained how he had been a parallel thing at the front side of his career when he was with Seattle and he had a good experience with that, he had great seasons and now it is 13, 14, 15th year. He wants to finish strong and stand the game as long as he could, so he wanted to go back to where he came from, which was a parallel thing as part of his training regimen. Anyway, he changed a couple. He mows back and forth and then he wanted to come to the gym and train and initially I was a little apprehensive, like you said, not a huge football fan. I didn't know if he was going to be like a big ego guy and really I was just focused on training with a team of lifters who were getting ready for, I want to say it was the 2008 world at that time. I just didn't want anything to mess that up because we're sort of all like-minded. But we met him and he's a great guy, but that's how it all started as he contacted us and he really wanted to finish kind of how he began and parallel thing was, how he really began his football career. Training wise. At six foot six and three and a turn pounds, Phil I'd Daniels had to be an intimidating monster on the field. And he was training with you during that period, what athletic and physical traits was he trying to develop? Yeah, Phil is a huge individual. The physical traits that he wanted to develop is he really wanted to develop as much speed as he could off the line and he wanted to develop as much physical just pure power and strength as he could. Those were the two main things that he wanted to focus on as he was coming sort of to the end of a career. He was still very, very fast and very, very strong. Now here's the question that really matters on this topic. Tell us about his training and what exactly did he do in the gym? Well, the whole idea like I said with Phil is we wanted to get him fast. His fastest possible and the strongest possible. So there were a number of components. The first component was when he came off of the season, the retzkins had come from the playoffs. So he was pretty damaged and beat up. So we started really just easing him back into lifting weights and letting his body rest. Almost like a bodybuilding kind of a thing just to get a little more volume of training to put some muscle back on him because he's usually about 3-10 at the end of the season. He was like 280, 285 which is, it sounds like a huge person but if you see him in great shape, he was really small compared to what he is like when he's in a tip-top condition because the season beats these guys up that much. So basically we did a lot of volume work with him first, built him back up to where he was just strong and the program he was familiar with was like we talked about earlier the Westside Method when he was a Seattle. We put him almost like a page for page out of a book on that program. So we had our heavy days so fill with do those with us and then we would do our speed work and he would do that with us as well. But the other part of his training that he got outside of the gym is he would do his own flexibility mobility training. So a couple of days a week he would do that training on his own and then every morning he would do a couple hours of either a spin class or some type of aerobic activity. So he had his own cardio that we would complimented the gym with a problem worker of a sled who would do his own mobility and flexibility and then nutrition wise is diet's pretty spot on. He doesn't eat any junk food, he's not a drinker or a smoker. So his diet's pretty ideal and he's really a big guy but he's a lean big guy. And then the power of things what he would do with us. So it's kind of all those things combined. But again, you know, with the conjugate method and the speed work, it did develop more speed with him and he is fast anyway. Like if you see him off a box wide, he's the fastest guy in the gym even as big as he is. It's really scary how fast of a human being he is. But the other thing we wanted to do was just build him up so physically strong that when the season started, let's say he's starting up here, strength wise, everybody else is doing their thing over the summer. But then as the season tears these guys down, like I said, he came to us about 285. As everybody else is getting weaker, he is too. But he started at such a higher strength and conditioning level that it's like the 200 meters. So the fastest guy is the fastest guy who slows down the least. So we wanted him to be as muscular and as powerful as them. But because the training was so good that he would maintain that as other guys would lose that quicker. So that was really those are kind of the components of training.