Everybody, Steve Coltskatt here for elitefts.com. We're doing another installment of video in positions with Jasmyr and Josh. My question today is you've worked with a lot of lifters. What is the most common squat mistakes that novice lifters make? And what do you tell them to do to fix those? Geez, the most common squat mistake, generally for novice lifters going to be not going low enough. But let's just assume that person is going low enough. I would say the most common mistake is they're not starting to move over their hips. They're trying to squat straight down. And what's weird about that is when you squat, just to sit down and share something, actually sit your butt back. But then all of a sudden you weigh on your back. It's like people think it's very different. And just going straight down. So a lot of times all do just have them squat on a box. Without any weight just keep you sitting back. And that generally is going to take care of the problems. A lot of times it's not going to be with any kind of technical problem. Everybody wants to say it's this imbalance of that or whatever. Or this most recent week, but a lot of times it's just given a few good technical cues and a good technical cue. They're just to sit back at the start. And then generally you know how to practice a couple of times that you know just what it feels like to sit down on a box. It's for me, it seems to take care of the problem every time. And as a lifter gets their form down and the weight starts to climb up new things break down in the form. So with a more seasoned intermediate lifter, what type of things do you see fall apart in their form once they got. Once they have some heavy weight on their back. With a more seasoned lifter, generally the problem squatting. I'm going to find initially is not so much like a technical cue. Let's say they have it technique pretty good. It's not performing the squat in compensatory accelerations. Technique style of training. What that means is you're performing the rep putting back some force in the bar. So as your leverage improves, you compensate by accelerating or putting more force in the bar. You think about it if you set a five in the squat with a four hundred pounds. You know the hardest part of the squat is going to be out of the bottom. So initially you might be producing four or ten pounds of force together. The bottom of the hole. Then you see come up. You know you could you're capable of thinking how to improve the quarter squat. So you can do it in a quarter squat. Seven hundred pounds. But you're only when you come out of the hole. It's hard to get pretty some force to come out with four hundred pounds. But at the top as you climb up. And you could be doing seven hundred pounds. You just kind of set the brakes on and go and cruise control. So obviously without getting hurt and you know, hyper-centered knees or something like that. You want to continually accelerate the weight. And produce more force. So like body builders, a lot of times we'll talk about muscle intention for instance. So when they're going to fly, they're really focusing and feeling and contracting their pet. Packs. I close movement attention. Where you have an intention to move the weight with maximum force. Because you're going to get the benefit. A lot of benefits and the heavier weights. Recruiting your high threshold motor units. By producing more force rapidly. With so maximum weights and it dependsatory acceleration style. So even with a 7x1 weight or a maximum weight, you want to attempt to lift that. Because you get the benefits of the speed training with the maximum weights. As long as your central nervous system gives the intention of producing maximum force.