One awesome idea is to have calm up here to 11-1-1. I'm going to go ahead and go through one quick jump training drill that you can do that it for breaks. This and jumps with some blood that you should some tuck jumps with using the verse or heros with the sprint at the end. One thing we're going to do is again, if you're in a situation we have athletes that are more advanced than our situation. When they can do proper mechanics, they can do a proper chance with jumps and you can use some resistance with it. Absolutely. You've got some athletes that won't be able to do that. That's left to your discretion. One thing we'll do is we'll just take a heavy band and we just put that on like a backpack. We can use that as our resistance. So with this drill drill look like this, we're going to go through three resistive verbal jumps. Right, so it's going to be a jump land jump land. It's going to be a slower response. Type-2 again is not going to be pro-back because it's not pro-backed. As soon as the athlete's done, we're going to go ahead and do three extra three tough jumps over three heros and then go ahead on the last one we're going to go and land in the sprint. What we're looking for is a good landing mechanics. As high as possible, jumps are going to be resistant. We're looking at a limited round of contact time when we're going through the tough jumps all the heros. And lastly, we want to transition from land to a sprint as quickly as possible. Again, there's some compensations. The athlete can do what again, we're going to talk about some coaching points at the end. So I'm going to go ahead and go through this drill. I don't know if I grabbed her, this is being, this has just been a band you can use whatever band. You should for both athletes a little bit or micro-bending will work. I'm going to grab her by hand. The other athletes have grabbed by hand. Sometimes they can actually use your foot, which is be careful. That again, they have that secured. So again, the other thing is making sure that the athlete can keep coaching this area to jump straight up. They're going to want to venture forward a little bit with the landing so again, make sure again, you're emphasizing their jump and reach. So we'll go ahead and do three, three, and then sprint. All right, so those are again, when we're looking at, you see the athlete has a tendency to kind of venture forward a little bit when they're jumping. When they're jumping with her, this is a band. So again, you've got to make sure that the athletes are getting when they land. A lot of times, that can help them. With the band, sometimes you'll get an added stability component, which is sometimes not the best thing. So again, you got to make sure that the athletes are facing up. To the end, when they land, they're coming right back up and trying to land back and at same position. You're going to kind of fight that fool. Common things to look at when the athlete lands, so from a coaching standpoint, if you have an athlete, you're just in a resistance. Then, we're looking at the athlete lands, they're in a lot of your feet. And there are really those hints that are sitting back. So if you're looking from the side, I want to basically my shoulders, chest, behind the knees, knee behind the toes, and the land. Staying in the balls of my foot, coming straight up, make sure you're going to get full sense for the hips. These are next. When they go through the top job, this is like a top job assessment even for a C.O. injury. The best way to coach this, when you're looking through the top job, is to be at the front, so the athlete's coming right to you. So what you can look for is if the athletes come up, if their knees are uneven, when they come up, if one foot lands in front of the other or before the other. If you have any kind of valve just on, on tank off, or when they jump. And again, if any kind of unilateral discrepancy with how they jump and how they land, is maybe something you have to address. And then, again, when they go ahead and sprint, what are the times when I blasts, and then you're going to want to split or you're being that staggered stance on the land, try to get to land parallel, and then if anything, they can go ahead and take a drop step before they sprint. But again, that's the way to add a resistance jump component with upon that trajectory side, and then finish off with the sprint. So again, at all times, looking at the athlete from the side, you know, this is the same checkpoint. Again, if they're going over the hurdles, and they're not bouncing off the ramp, it could be a couple of things you could need for team, for team from the previous set, the previous rep, the previous week, the previous workout, could be the athletes just in CNS, fatigue, or a loss of fatigue from the previous workout. Or can they, the hurdles are too high, or just the athletes just not ready, often can develop a little standpoint to do those exercises. So make sure to get your watching coaching athletes as they go through that. We use these first or herles. Why these hurdles, even again, they're very light. If the athletes, if these front parts come off, they can adjust from 12 to 42 inches. And again, they'll tip forward from the front panel to come off. And then they're very light. So again, storm wise is pretty easy. As opposed to some other track curls that you may have. So again, it underneath, make sure you visit LenaTas.com.