Okay, what I want to try to do here is to capture a lot of conversations that occur in the gym after training with some of the interns that we have out for the summer. So every now and again we'll just take a topic and discuss the topic and just kind of go from there. So this one, I told them to topic ahead of time. We talked about it as a week point training, so I'm going to have them ask some questions in regards to that. And then with each one in the future, there'll be a different topic, or if you would like something asked, you know, just toss it up and let us know. So what do you guys, what questions do you guys have in regards to the week point training? So I guess I'll start. Obviously every athlete is going to have more than one factor contributing to their week point. How would you prioritize multiple factors that will lead up to the week point and how would you manage that across the training week and longer term across the matter. So you bring up a really interesting point, and this is something that's missed the bottom is just the term week point training. I've never really liked, but I use it because that's what people really understand. So sometimes in this industry, you're going to use terms of people understand more so than what they really are. The week point kind of eludes to the fact that there's a certain spot in a lift that is inhibiting the lift from the end that we come back with. What really used to call it, and what I was always kind of taught was a minimax, which is basically the position at which that lift stops. The reason being, just to point it out, there's multiple facets. So if we use the example of a two-board press with the power to dismiss it, we're missing at about a two-board press of the power. The typical answer for that is going to be, well, you need to do two-board presses, two-board presses, you know, mid-range work that's right around that same area. All things seem to be forgotten, quickly. The first, not every minimax, or every week point, is physical. There's technical, physical, and that. Physical makes up, I just throw percentages out of my eyes. So I will say that, technical makes up pretty much 70% of it, where physical maybe 20 and then 10. And then there's one of those things I just don't want to deal with. You know, I'm not a coach. I mean, you may have to, if you're working with somebody, because that is a coaching aspect. What do you need to do to be able to get them over that, because they've been to two-scared. Using the example of the bench press missing halfway. Who's to say, just based upon missing halfway, or a video showing that they missed halfway? How do you know this guy isn't missing halfway, because he's always missed halfway. So over the past five years, every single time he misses a bench, he misses it exactly the same spot. So what do you think is going through his mind when he takes it out, he starts lower than, it's getting heavier, and he starts pressing it back up. He's thinking, oh shit, oh shit, oh there it is. All right, that's never factored in. And I don't want to be used to that he was studying sports like Hollywood. That is a huge aspect, because if that is the case, which with beginners and intermediate, it is a lot of the time. You got to start trying to figure out ways to overcome that, into work around it, which I said before, I really don't work with Ohio, but when I was working with personal training clients, I would start miss loading bars, not miss loading, but I would load with dives and files, instead of loading with traditional blades. I would mix it up so that I wouldn't really know what it was. I would bring in different boards, instead of a two-board, it was a one and a half rule. I started changing things so psychologically, they didn't know, and they may end up breaking their record, and even though they broke their record. All right, just what they do it, it's gone. You know, I'm going to start doing that. But that's just the one he's got. Technique is most of the time in my expertise is in power. So my movement streams are the spot next to the net. So the first thing I'm looking at is, with a technique, you know, what's great in it, and technique what needs to fix that technique, and from there, poorly and full. Everybody wants the physical answer. I miss my bench halfway and left exercise should I do. All right. What exercise should I do? Now we're still not even definitively at the right question. Two board presses. What for max effort work? For speed work? For accessory work? For what rent range? What is going on, you know, from a cellular level or from a contract cloud level. So determine how you're even going to use the two board presses. You know, what happens when you go into missing the lift? Do you hit it and come right back down? Do you hit a push straight, straight and straight and then come back down? You hit a straight for a second. Then come back down? Do you hit it, straight and go to somebody just capital to a couple of times you push it straight up? What happens then? Because you can do a two board press for 20 rounds if you want. I use the two board press for speed work on the floor. You know, I use the two board press for max effort work. You know, so you can't just say, okay, you have the two board press. On the other side of the spectrum, I'm a big believer in quantity of training. So it's easier for me to explain many maxes using the concurrent or quantity of method. Because if you want to strip away everything from the quantity of methods and say, look, I just you have to do when heavy singles and triples. That's essentially just a linear max effort method. So why not just tell you the other? Tell you the repetition and dynamic effort method with it because I'm still top of that. You see what I'm saying? So in the bench press manual over a year ago, I took every dynamic and cycle, which I think we just posted an article that had two of them in there. I think there were 40 of them that I remember doing during the time training that I was at my side. And they're broken into segments. These are the dynamic cycles you're going to use if you typically miss your venture pocket. Here's the one you're going to use if you typically miss off your chart. Here's the one you're going to use if you miss. Good luck. Does that fix? That mini max? No, but it's fixing one aspect of that mini max. Because fall and back onto the contractile ability of what's happening with that mini max. How do you know that they're not missing because they're lower in the bar too slow? So when they go to press into it, they're thresholds for time under tension. Or they're shrink endurance and the shock is already gone. Maybe we need to teach them to drop the bar faster so they can come back out faster. Maybe putting you know using bands will help with that because it's going to increase the, you know, these centers. So it's going to have over speedy centers, which is going to create a greater stretch reflex or a greater chin concentric, you know, power, which if all they need that little tap, you can write through. There's your solution because all we need to do is to get them to go through that sticky point just to tap through to break the record. All right, that's it. We just need them to go into it faster. Now they go into it, they push and they strain and they strain and they strain and they strain. Now we're dealing with strength and dirt, you know, or some other type of. So when you're dealing with a mini max, you can't just say it's a two or prep. You can't, you gotta look at the whole little bit. What's going on technically is this, is this actually, chunks of good example with this slot through the weakest past weekend. This slot in 6.15 to weeks three weeks, you don't think it's 1 to 5.5. Always dismiss any commodity, all four, come out of the hole we fall for, come out of the hole we fall for, come out of the hole. And, you know, so typically the power lifting coach or the lift, there's going to say, damn, I gotta figure out what the hell I'm doing coming out of the hole, so I put doing this shit. When you step back, and you look at the floor, it's through the trees. You realize he's not set up right. You know, so we realized when he was standing up, he was holding the bar and his back. He wasn't letting the bar ground him into the floor, received him into the floor. Basically, he's letting the bar settle. I thought it would become even 1 looking for the floor. And you can only do that by having control of your whole body and space or your torso. Everything just coming together. And then when he got that, torso came in there. Now that transfer of force coming out of the bottom through his legs. Instead of going into what was essentially a marshmallow, you know, just a fuffuffuffuffuffuffuffuffuff forward, now becomes a rock to complete transfer of force, Hunter Pound on the whip. Or we could have sat there and said, well, fuck, you know, it keeps falling forward. It keeps falling forward. We need to do more, you know, you know, more and more, you know, whatever the hell it is, but because you're not looking at the floor picture. So my first advice is, use the word, sticking point, you know, in regular dialogue, dialogue, putting your own mind, these are where many maps which is going to create you to think outside that one sphere. Because a lot of these things are not simple, correct. Some of them all, some of them are like, what's the shock? There's this matter, okay, we need to get this to start firing correctly. He understands it, they name it, slot names, duh. Typically, once you get to the beginning phases of the 15, straightened in, no longer become a linear process. It's more like a really fucked up staircase. It's like a spiral staircase that has a lot of holes in the floor. You know, I just can't say, you just don't just keep, I'm gonna put five pounds, you know, I remember thinking in high school when I was getting strong all this time. I thought that five pounds on it, I think two lines. Now I'm gonna be a better, nine hundred fifty pounds. You know, it doesn't have that much, you know, so you gotta think in that long term sphere. In some of them are gonna be those quick fixes, which are taking that next fix. It wasn't really so much that quick fix that have made you take that big step. It's the 90 things you try to make work, and it's also the base that you develop that allowed you to determine what that quick fit was, that base of education, as long so big on the education of our aspect. Because if you didn't know that, you'd still be trying to take it out, why can't you get out of the bottom, or why are these two corners working? Now you do get into some that are just biomechanically, what I call mother-forkers. I mean, it's gonna be somebody's Nemesis just because this is how they're built, and they can change it, you can always be in wait. You know, you can always take a 64 guy who's 220, you don't have the best leverages, and making 420 was really good leverages. So you can always change it, and in strength sports, you gotta find that balance, where those leverages are gonna, first you need to find why you're really good. Because obviously sport and help, they don't linear progress together. You know, so if it is that you want to be the best strong man in the world that's power and for whatever it is, there's gonna become a threshold, or you know, how it is gonna become secondary to the partners. And that's the two major choice I'm not going to judge. It just needs to be in the mind going into that, because obviously here, you're not going to succeed very well as a 64, 100, 98 power. It's just doesn't get work, unless you're just some free. And then it's still probably not going to work, because if we ever see it before, you know, I'm not saying that you can't be the first. You know, I've always said genetics are important, and a lot of people always say, well, you know, these people always have the best genetics, and you know, sport, and we all know that people went around, and people have great genetics always rise in the time. But if you haven't been in the sport for very long in three, five years or whatever it is, I mean, you know, don't. You know, a lot of people who have really good genetics, quit before they realize just how good their genetics really work, because it's still hard. You know, even with the guys who've been to genetics, it's still hard. You still have to show up. You got a student who's beautiful, personally. Now I can keep sight of that around with this. Based upon this, or if you want to go down different directions, because I was trying to, this is really hard cancer, because how do you face it out over a math or a science? You know, that's dealing with block training, and the quick answer to that is, I would really, really try to focus it on one block, you see what kind of difference that we could make, and that block, and see if that difference becomes significant. If it becomes significant, then I would try to build it back into another one. If that difference really isn't that significant, because it is that biomechanical motherfucker, you're just going to have to get strong. You know what I'm saying? You got to find other ways to get strong. People, when we see this every day, people is shedding technique, just got off technique. They still put 20 or 30 pounds on all their lives. Just gives you a bad technique, doesn't mean you can't get strong. We see it all the time. They just have to help you as many people as you do. But sometimes you will be dealing with those things where, how much you got to look at the cost of animal, where if, if it's an extraordinary answer a little bit different, because you have multiple advantages, you see it's pulling our, it's definitely significant. If it's like a threat of, of, of, or is I'm a threat. It's, it is a really significant, back important. To put that much focus on, during a block, when there's so many other things that could take precedence. So, I would put that little bit of importance experiment. Hey, yeah, we got it to move, that's cool. Then, fine, for it, I'm not going to keep bothering with this. We're six blocks of whatever it is, and then same time I could get my vertical threats. Significant. More so than I ever get beat here. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes you can increase your depth of, like, far more, than you're going to get beat on the depth of a benchmark. You know, so it's, being a competitor and looking at it that, from a body building standpoint, same thing for now you're being able to body part to deal with aesthetics and being able to go to the end. Those become tricky because, if there's this unanswered question, which is called, what are the judging standards? And you don't really know. I have seen over the years of time-alokening John's physique in a couple of others. I like to see, and when I look at him, I like to put him up against something that I have a vertical that, of course, I don't want him. So I can tell them step forward step sideways. I'm not looking for better lighting, but I'm looking to see, as if I can get that, a vertical line to split straight down and light. So when I'm looking at them from the back, I can see, is this right down? Is this high? Is this, is the left down? Is this posture? Is it a tilt? You know, is it the head? Is it a hip? Is this light? So you're looking for a right left balance, you know, upper to lower body, that's all that shit matters. You know, when it comes to that, it's in the muscle groups. And if it's a muscle group, it's not a partner, not a step back to the firing. Not responding, you know, really falling in the high, is the muscle group falling behind me because it's also part of a complex that's working the same compound group of movements. So, goodnight, pressing, or paying attention to pressing, pressing, and then pressing, chest, shoulder, which triceps, you know, the gut, you know, the state, what is the situation behind it, so, for example, um, everything else is growing, except for chest, and all you're doing is pressing stuff. Well, you know, maybe you need to step back and find out what is the primary function, is it shoulder, you know, shoulder, or taking a turn, it's basically, where is it, you know, our reduction, how much our reduction is actually being put into the problem. So, kind of what we're going to do, um, questions, anybody? You got to fire up this long question, you got to fire up? I mean, you've got to rush my question. I was going to ask, like, when it comes to injuring yourself, what kind of mindset you need to have to get over that new many max that you've established with new injuring to push the whole thing. I'm going to answer specific to you because I know you're doesn't know. There, there, there's no changing mindset whatsoever. The only change in mindset needs to be what exercises do you need to avoid what exercises you need to do is to do this. The advantage of being in physique or in bodybuilding is your options and, you know, it's just, it's very basic level. It's breaking down muscle, feeding it and allowing it to recover and doing it again. That's pretty much, it is basic level. Obviously, it gets way more complicated otherwise everybody would be jacked. But what I would do is, my answer would be completely different if it's a competitor and it's an exercise that they have to do. When it's not, I always fall back on when I look through my history and I look through the people that I've known and strongman and I've known and power that can be changed. Sports I've been closest to for 30 years. The ones that have been hanging and banging for the longest time keep in mind most people in these sports if they even do get to an elite level or a higher mastery level last three to five years. There are, everybody likes to talk like their veterans and long timers. They have no something that's what it's like to be. I'm all kind of, and you, and I look at the injuries of the guys who have been by ability, what does he have to think around that part? But training for bodybuilders, how are we to be? For 30 years, 40 years and they're still doing it now. There's nowhere near as fucked up as all of us, our lives were sworn. So I do know one thing for certain, load matters. You know, load matters can I also lead movement pattern matters because I think a lot of the Australians actually not has dangerous. If you look at injuries, I see powerlifting. This is just anecdotal. This is my home one from what I've seen. Powerlifting from the strength points sports powerlifting's first, you know, and then strongman and then strongman has more variance of looping patterns. All right, powerlifting is free movement pattern. Two, two movement patterns. Essentially, that's it. It doesn't change, you know, and that's where you live, and your accessories live there. And all your supplemental exercises live there. You live there, and not only do you live there, you try to master shortening and making that movement pattern the shortest just transposively, make it. All right, so you know, it's as well as one of the video's, you know, it's a three-by-seater vehicle that doesn't work way. You know, if you go back to time, it's true. But there's way, there's ways around. So that's why you have to use it should, it shouldn't be a problem. If it is a problem, then you're looking for the wrong eating answer. You know, the answer should be what other things can I do. Granted, every one of us have exercises we just love to do, and typically the exercise that you've got heard on, from my experience, is the number one best exercise to use to rehab quickly. Because what's going to be more specific to the muscles that work injured, then the movement to actually hurt. And you have to smile at a high degree, and I always recommend and after that you work with a good physical therapist, and there's ways around it. But you can actually come back a little faster if you do do that. So if it was say you'd happen to tear your hands right and do it, and I've done it. It's doing a one-lay hamstring work, too. And you can tear it on the stupid issue. Yeah, yeah. So I tear it on that and like, oh, shit, how long is this one going to take? Well, with what you had to show, I mean, you got things coming up, that changes the dynamics of everything. You needed to get to be done with, you know, we're just kind of lookable. In that case, if it were me, if it were me, I would be back on it. In the next day, just doing very, very small archels with no way, just getting blood in it. I'm a big ice guy. People hate ice, I'm still an ice guy. I think I've heard myself more than anybody. So that day, I'm going to ice it because I went blood out. I don't want swell. I don't want bruising. I don't want that. I don't want inflammation. All right. Now the next day, I do want to, you know, if there's, well, if there's bruising, I'm going to wait until the bruising starts to go away, then I'm going to start to put in movement. And it's going to be a lot of movement. So if it was me and it was that was the exercise. I do do an eye, I have the luxury to do this, or I would take a baby, you know, like, I'd be doing five, six hundred reps a day, you know, multiple sessions per day. For me, it was, if I pulled a hamstring, this typically on a dead lift, so I would use, I called it stripping the wrapped end. I think I'd do an ambush with this movement. You know, I'd write them down the rails. Why would take a bar against the power wrap and let it slide up and down the wrap? You know, it said the safety pins adjusted that level. That was just low enough. That hurts, but no, low, just very mild pain. And then I would do sets of 15 or 20, you know, stuff away. And we would do five or six sets. Laws were working with the client. And then two hours later, I would go back, keep the bar set up because an commercial gym racks never used, damn bar, either all day long. I never had to worry about. Usually by the end of the day, I could move it down, you know, or I had to put quarters with the pendant wrap. You know, some racks have two people in space. You know, they're not going to be NFT. That's right. I got to stand on plates, and then I'm working on that way. But my goal typically, if I pulled it on a Monday, which would be a mess and for that, I was not going to slide it right. You know, something now is going to try it. Is, is a, for seeing or a body part around that, is you can train that. But I would try not to have a set of sections. To set up your bed. Mentally, you have a choice. I mean, to metal and when it comes to injuries, the first thing is, I'll tell you when you know it's time to quit. As soon as you get hurt, and you're on the floor, or whoever it is, the first thing that comes to your mind is not fucked how long it's just going to take. When you're on the floor, after you get hurt, the first thing that comes to your mind is just a shit. You're done. I've seen it too many times. And you can see it, because the guys are asked, because the first thing they'll do while they're on the floor, or after they get back up, carry it away. They're going to find somebody who's had the same injury before they even go anywhere. You're, you're pricing. How long they're taking? You know, many of you guess that? I, you know, about four weeks. You have surgery? You know, so they're getting this all planned out before they go. When that stops happening, you know, that's the, because mentally, you know, every time I've seen that happen and they keep trying to go, it just slow, progressively becomes less and less fine for the person. Do you have time for the work now? So, let's take a good next step. So, once you bring past that, it's your struggle in that many maps. What's your next step to make sure you keep making sure that you're going to have another problem somewhere else? Yeah, I mean, there's never, it's me, you're always on the same path. Well, I'm saying for that specific many maps. So, let's say, go back to the two board, press, and you're, you missed that. So, once you start to make progress, you can bring through that many maps. So, what we'll get to the link, add you and sure that you're out with your own, you're not going to get out with your Chris. Okay. Okay. Just given the nature of multi-strength cycles, because you're going to have, you know, you can say, you know, I could say to him, I never had an offseason, that's kind of bullshit. You know, I was always 60 weeks out from the mean, but they're always variants. You know, I never let myself get less than 90% of my strength. Like I said, they're always variants. What the reason I'm pointing this out is, you're always going to be at some point in a training site. And usually, by the time, you're going to get hit with a many maps. Isn't going to be at the very front end of the training site. Because even concurrent training and so forth is more conditionally in GPP type oriented. You know, it's, it may not always be having singles for the maps, or maybe triples. And it's definitely not the max effort work that, for me, I used the max effort exercises that carry over most towards the last eight weeks of the week. I saved them in my treasure chest. I used them in no other time of the year. I only used the dynamic training site, because that I knew worked for sure before me. There were in my treasure chest. You know, so all that other time before hand was experimented to find more things to put in the tool chest. But there are a lot of things that, you know, so when you're during that experimental phase, a lot of these many matches, this might be fake. You know, it's because you're trying something to be loud, and it just didn't work in something kind of pop-top, or you're like, oh shit, what happened here, and you know, okay, I got this and you start putting back in extensions, or, you know, whatever you took out to put in, because you're replacing things. You put those back in, you're like, oh shit, I'm sorry. So, once you get through that and you address it, and that many matches start to get better, you're going to be into like the home stretch, which is going to be the last five, four, three weeks before the meet. So there's nothing else to change. There's just building the volume, or, you know, however you're excited to set up. Some build volume, as I did, some will reduce volume, you know, as they get ready for the meet, and then you're going to have whatever you're going to meet out there. So, what I would do is take really good notes, you know, not just sets and reps and all that kind of bullshit. Real detailed notes, like, eight weeks out, this key, this is how I addressed it, this work, or this didn't work, but it came in eight weeks out, because it will come again. You see what I'm saying? So, if you got to work around it, you know what's still going to be there, so you kind of already adjust, okay, my bench is not going to be what I thought was going to be. So instead of that 30 pound PR, I was looking at, let's just shoot for that far. But you have all the notes, what led up to it, what caught, you know, what did not work, so then after the meet, you got a longer period of time. So now you can address it from a different standpoint. Now you can address it more from high virtue thing, repetition at the standpoint, maybe it must strengthen during it. Now you can address it from different. So you're asked, especially then you could be eight weeks out. Eight weeks out, you're not going to start doing 300 extra reps per week. You could, you know, but there's that risk benefit, which may or may not be very free into it. Typically, once you do have that sticking point, sticking point change, you know, and over the years what I've seen with lifters is raw, or or, or gear of the shirts, it always moves up. So the more novice lifters I've seen, always do miss an off their chest, and if it's novice, and they're in a shirt, well they don't know how to touch, so they're missing an off their chest. So they're missing to the same reasons. And then the stronger they get, the higher that becomes, typically, what you find at the top level, most guys are getting in more than halfway up. So then it just becomes a matter of how to create the best program to match the lockout, without destroying your elbows. That's what comes in the play with the injuries, and all the other stuff is over time, and over wear and tear, and over aging, over experiencing the sport, those mini-masses, they're still there, but it become a little bit more difficult to attack, because you know what you need to attack and make them pop up your shoulders, it makes them rip your elbows, and there's only so long you can really go after it before those things start to set in. So you learn I got four weeks that I can do this before I know my shoulders are going to fire. All right, so I'm not going to hit it right now. I know it's there, but I'm going to hit it here in two more weeks. So you got to learn when the step back, and back, back, back, back, back, back, back, you know, when to be patient, being young is great, as you can just jump on shit all the time, and experiment with it. And over training isn't as prevalent, because you're going to recover as long as you're getting into the new training system as well. What you guys will find being younger is the over training and the recovery isn't going to feel like you're doing to be a good, slow-roastness, and that kind of stuff. It's just going to feel like you're your math strength really won't change that much. Your explosive strength really isn't going to change that much. No matter how bad you feel, how tired you are, you're still going to feel like you can pop something fast, and you can still grind out pretty well. Where you're going to feel it is, if you can typically get 10 reps on one thing, you might only get it. That's your clue. So your indicators changes you get old. All right, and that's just, you know, the bodies of the living recovery. So when you start missing reps on your supplemental work, and the accessory work, you have to have it start looking into training a little bit closer, as far as the selection, or actually before that, looking into the recovery, you've been looking into training, and then you're all going to have to do it. Okay, thank you. Thanks for your attention.