This is Dave Tate with Jeremy Frey. Talking about training and all kinds of things related to power lifting, strength and conditioning and whatever else we can come up with. First question is why did you choose to lift in the XPC finals? Why that meat? I've always been, the past when I first started doing power lifting, this is actually as should say after 96. I started power lifting back in 96 when I was in high school, but once I ran into a venue, it was probably 2005, it was a APF meat at the time. Up in Dubuque, I was just really good venue, I always get drawn to places where, you know, if you show up and it's a really well-randeant and things go really well. Not just from a performance standpoint, but, you know, how many lifting you have running people through it, quality feedback, quality judging, things like that, have always been drawn to very well run and competitive meats. My first venture with the XPC was in 2012 when they had it, it was not at the Arnold, but it went to the 2012 XPC, it was a very well-randeant, and great venue, a pretty decent crowd, really good competitors, being there competing with them, being on a platform there, perform pretty well, and I just liked the way their meat was run. I did appreciate the judging, the judging seemed to be relatively fair, pretty consistent across the board. I think that's something that they have proven the XPC, at least as proven to, uphold, which is at least consistent judging. So, just, you know, attracted to actually just a well-run meat quality competitor, somewhere you can go and pretty much enjoy your time there competing as opposed to worrying about XYZ, you know, you got plenty of equipment to warm up up on, you get plenty of time to warm up and they really get you in and out as fast and efficiently as a possible candidate just set up for the lift or so. To those that may not be familiar with the sport, what would, I mean, you name it a couple things, but what would be some things that constitute a well-run meat? The time in between flights is very, well, as long as, going from squat to bench to deadlift, going from flight one to flight two to flight three, so you might be in a squat, you might have three flights of squatters because you got, maybe 45 guys there. Going from flight one, your first attempt, your second attempt, your third attempt, keeping that very efficient, getting the bar loaded, making sure there's a one-minute count down, make sure guys get on the platforms, they're not stalling for time guys, you know, if you're not your phoenix aren't wrapped and you're not up the platform in the amount of time, and you're called out, you know, keeping a meat running, that in that means keeps everybody on the same keel, keeps everybody held the same standards, you don't have to, if I'm someone that's waiting, I don't have to wrap my knees personally, but if I'm someone who's weighting behind a guy that is wrapping his knees and I'm getting my strap set up and all of a sudden he's like, I need more time, and I'll say, and I'm getting more time that I actually want. I was at a meat one point time, not going to name what venue it was, but I was at a meat where it was 45 minutes between my first attempt, my second attempt, squat, which is absolutely ridiculous, you know. So within that 45 minutes I mean my legs, you know, you're sitting in a chair pretty much the entire time, they blow up, meats cannot be run like that. They basically should be suited for the liftor, but it should be consistent across the board for everybody, it shouldn't be something where you're literally having to be there for 12 hours just to do, you know, 12 hours later you're finally pulling your last deadlift and you're smoked for the day. So moving from squat to bench to your from your first attempt, your second attempt, your third attempt to the next movement, so on so forth, keeping that moving, keeping it very much regulated, so that everybody has the equal amount of time that they need to get those things taken care of, I think that that's a very well run meat, besides obviously the judging and keeping things rolling, I guess I said, you don't want to, if you've ever competed in power lifting, if you've ever been a multi-ply gear, especially when you wear knee wraps, you've got full gear, you don't want to be squatting at 10 o'clock in the morning, and like I said, pulling your deadlift maybe 10 hours later at 10 o'clock in night. By the time you're going to be shot, you're going to feel very good, and that's pretty much a, you know, it's just not going to, it's not set up for the liftor, it's not set up for you to be successful in my personal opinion. Now you've been in the sport for a long time when, man, I can't remember when I first met you, but it was at the franco, it was at the franco seminar, and I think you just came off coming back from Finland, I believe, and the WPC worlds. How many years have you been competing? My first competition, I started off raw, was back in 1996 when I was a sophomore, or sorry, freshman in high school. So even then I was, I was not training for meats, it was my first power lifting experience, you know, coach took us to, you know, said, hey, there's a meat local, you know, squat bench and deadlift, and, you know, I was very much interested, I was always, always love lifting, I was always a strong lifter, I was, I've been lifting since, it was 11 years old. So that's kind of how I got started, just in high school football coach, got a local thing, X amount of us players went down there, competed, and we did that the following year and the next year. So, I mean, we've been competing 96 to 2014 for, often on for 18 years, now at this point in time. Everything was raw up until college, my senior year of college, I've got my first single ply, squat suit, never been in gear before, I didn't know how to work the shit, I always had a really good squat technique. So when I put that suit on, I didn't know what to expect, it didn't affect my form of technique and all of a sudden, some weight that I was maybe squatting for a single, I was able to knock out for five, it just amazed me at how much support you can get, and how much support you can get out of squat suit and a little bit of rebound at the bottom, and, you know, single ply is a lot of us, the easier to learn, but not getting off track. But got in the single ply gear, finally, you know, then eventually got into multi ply gear, went into the WPC, see 2005, I did a regional meet, then we did junior nationals, then junior worlds, over in Finland, was able to travel over to Finland, actually compete there, and it was lucky enough training wise, and the quality of the lifters over there, I had five people in my way class, and the one person was from one different country, everybody around, and it was lucky enough to come out on top of that meat is really good experience, and that just kind of kept progressing from there, until I met you in 2007, I think it was 2007 and a different goes. So I had taken about 2005, 2006, I had taken a job, my first strength conditioning, head job, so I was, I had taken a year off during that time, and it was just starting to get back into it when I met it ran into you. So, new of you and everything, Ted talked to Jim before and, but I think when we met you, actually still an assistant, wherever you were working, I believe, and you've been with us for close to 10 years, maybe even nine, ten years, maybe a little bit more, and I've seen your career go from being an assistant to a head coach, assistant, back to a head coach. You know, I've seen your life evolve going from pretty much a person who's main priority was just powerlifting to trying to balance, you know, work, family, child, you know, life, you know, drama, and all those other things. And when you're moving through powerlifting, you know, through the stages of life that you've gone through over the past 10 years, you know, powerlifting takes different priorities and for probably nine out of ten guys, they would quit. Why do you stay? It's a good question because it's easier, it's easier to quit than to stay. I'm not a quitter, so I'm thinking I've ever seen it, and that's no more what it thought you were. Well, for me, and I mean that with life, with everything, everything that I've ever, and I don't want to say, you're talking about adversity, I think life's life, just like you put it. Life happens and how you deal with that and how you come back from that is, says a lot about your character in integrity. And so I was, way I was raised and way I was brought up. You do what you got to do to keep life moving forward. And that's what you have to do. So quitting was never an option on anything that I've done. And so that way that would be with powerlifting, having a kid, going through life changes, all the things that are done with work, priorities with family, my priorities a day, or family work. And if I got time for powerlifting, that's where it is. I'm not going to sacrifice the first two ever. And luckily, I'm in a good place right now where I don't have to. You know, I can actually do the third and everything to be fine with that. But ever since day one, I'm not patting myself on the back, it's just how I was raised, there's this, you know, I've always been a leader. I've always been captain or president or whatever else. I was always wanted to excel. I don't want to be a follower. I don't want to necessarily be a leader. But I'm going to go out and do what I have to do to be the best I would ever decide to do it. And I'm not going to, you know, at times I'd sacrifice some things in my life to make those things happen. Then I look back on and can't say I'm not proud of what I did. I look back and say I was at a different point in time of my life. And that's what was a priority at that point in time and things have switched since then. But at long story short of it is that I'm not a quitter. I excel at everything that I want to do. And either you put, if you're going to put something towards it, then either I wouldn't say go all then. Like I said, you go all in and my all in is based off my priorities in my life at this point in time. I'm all in with my family. I'm all in with my work. And if I can give everything, if I have anything else to give towards parallelism, and I decide to do that, well then I'm going to do that as well. But not to the sacrifice of the other things that are in my life. I've got that answer question. Yeah. And as an outsider looking in over the past 10 years, you know, I've seen power lifting move from the first priority down to the third, but you become a better lifter. How? Do you question? I don't know if I want to say to a major wisdom, you know, but you learn a lot as you go through life and everything that you continue on with. I mean you find ways to make things happen if I become a better lifter, even having an adversity thrown at me. Like I said, you just keep excelling at what you want to do. I don't. I answer that is I don't like to talk about myself in the back of my person that does that. I just life has happened. I take it head on. Do the best I possibly can. Make sure I come out on top one where another. Make sure I'm not sacrificed and things that I don't want to sacrifice. And trying to be smart with everything. You know, you literally have to be really good at being time management and prioritizing and being smart with everything you do. So with lifting as life has changed so is my programming. And so is the way that I attack the lifts. You know, if I had more, if I had back in a day, I had more time to do it. And I took that time. Nowadays I don't have more time to do it. I don't have as much time as I used to have. So things have to change and you have to get smarter with what you're doing. You have to be more efficient with the time that you do have. And you've got to use that efficiently as well. Be smart about it and, you know, hopefully through these years I've learned something. And obviously been able to. To some degree at least be successful with that even as life is. You know, kick me in the ass sometimes. What are a couple of examples that you can give of that efficiency that you were talking about that you've had to make over the last few years as far as. Time management with the training, you know, not having as much time but becoming more efficient. In what ways. I think life is about sacrificing things that you don't need. You take care of your needs. You might have once. How I become more efficient is I still. You have your priorities to set them up. You know what needs to be done. First, both there's needs like, hey, you know, some got to be taking care of number one. It's just, it's going to happen. Nothing's going to be sacrificing that. So take care of that. Prioritizing wise and time efficient time wise and setting all that up. So take care of family. Work obviously. They have a schedule schedule scheduled out. It is what it is. You know, you have X-Modigreece the morning. You have X-Modigreece at night. You have a schedule to maintain with that. So there's that part of the schedule. You know, when you got to pick your son up and you know, you got to drop him off a daycare if that's what's going on. Literally, I'm a, I have a piece of part-time daycare and I take care of him twice a week. There's times of be efficient with that, though as well. It's just knowing what you have right in it all down, knowing what you have to get accomplished. You know, things that need to be done and then throw one of the things in. During that time, you're going to sacrifice other stuff. So there's been time to where I sacrifice a little sleep. There's times where, you know, I don't necessarily get all the nutrition that I need to. Or, you know, have that time to sit down and eat every single day and meal that someone might let out as a perfect nutrition program for a power lifter. That might be sacrificed a little bit. You know, there ain't no time for TV. You know, you pretty much just sacrifice anything you possibly can or things. You just pretty much throw the things you don't need in your life to the side to make everything else work and happen the way you want it to. What changes have had to happen in your training, though? What changes have had to happen in my training? Yeah. I have less time. I have a frequency of the training is actually down. So I trained, set training four days a week, I'm down to three. I have to train on a weekend and two days during the week. They're in, during in between groups that I have with lifting groups that I have with my work. On the amount of time that I can spend at those have been, you know, a shorter amount of times. So what that is translated to is that I, to be literal as I stick with the big movements. I do the accessory that's going to make an impact and what I need to do, based off where I'm at right now and then I move on. You know, so program has to be smarter. You know, you know, you know, you're trying to get in everything I need in one day. But as long as I get it done within the week or as long as I get it done within a two week, however I'm blocking out my programming, however I'm doing it, I'll get it done, I'll get accomplished. Just like anything else, you know, you have, you know, your strength, you have no weaknesses. With the power lifting, you got a squat, got a bench, got a deadlift, you got to do all three. My personal opinion. Those things have to be a staple. You set up a special eye movement, movement to take care of the weaknesses that you have with those movements. And then you have your accessory that further take care of the weaknesses you did maintain. And as Brian Carroll was talking earlier, you know, there's things that were weak on him long time ago that he had to take some time to get stronger. And he focused on those a little bit more and literally within his big movements, they all pretty much went up and say the same. So design your program around your strengths, your weaknesses, and how much time you have to actually put towards that. Mine has just been less frequent with my training. I've done a used to be the past. So, like we have, you definitely know that answers your question. Now you've had a gap between your last meet and this meet probably a bigger gap than you've had in many years. And speaking to you, I can see you're looking more forward to this meet than some of the other meets that you've had in the past that I spoke to you about. What do you think contributes to you looking more forward to this meet coming up as to some of the other ones in the future? Some of the other ones in the past. The ship that I've had to go with this delicately. How do you put this? The last two years have been tough. To go through what has went on in my life in the past two years and to be able to possibly come back and continue to do something that I've been doing. Something that I enjoy. And I don't enjoy it from a standpoint of if I don't go out to try to beat people, I did not go out to win a meet. I go out to compete with myself and do the best I possibly can on that day. The amount of people want to call a diversity. I've been, you know, there's been about three big things happened this past two years that have been very stressful. And knowing that I was able to get through that still continue to train and get back to a point where I feel I'm able to compete. It has got me, I wouldn't say, more excited, but it means more at this point time. Having gone through what I've been able to go through and still be able to return, you know, it's, it's, I don't know if it's any different from when I came back from my knee surgery. The first time I came back from my knee surgery into my first meet I bought. I had to, you know, is as much of a candy ass as people might want to say. I was extremely emotional when I went to that first spot. I mean, I literally couldn't have any torque, couldn't have anything. There's got, the arousal at that point time that I had was through the roof. I mean, I literally was shaking almost like five, and I was going to have tears. Not because, you know, well, it was just being back and be able to get back and coming back from something that could have such a back and could have quit on, but, you know, here you are again and you're going and it is what it is. So, it means a lot to get back to this point to feel good about everything that's going on in my life to actually get kind of past a lot of that stress that was going on and to settle back down into a good life, you know, just things being weak will things being more stable and being able to get back to something that I've truly enjoyed for. I've been training for over 20 years, you know, something that I've been truly enjoyed to get back to, it means a lot. So, would you say that this meet is more of an emotional comeback than it is in a physical one? Yeah, I need to get back on the platform which is one of those things where whether, whatever preparation level I'm going to have at that point time is going to be what it is. And I know I need to get back on the platform to write things in my head, just to literally put in, well, wouldn't say put an end to what the past year has been, just put a good resolution. And I wouldn't say a fresh start to power lifting, but just continue to keep moving forward without saying that. You see this meeting is putting closure on the past. It'll put some closure. I'm going to definitely put some closure on a few things that I won't mention, just, you know, it'll, it'll help seal some things for me. Just why you do what you do? It's hard to say why I do what I, I don't know if it's hard for me to say I do what I do. I can say they don't like to talk about me. I think you already answered that Jeremy. Yeah, that's it. This is Dave Fait with Jeremy Frey.