Chuck Camera Line, Director of PurgeCing, EliteFTS.com. Here to tell you a little bit of information about our line of knee wraps. Now, whether you're a raw lifter, multi-ply, Olympic weight lifter, and athlete, or just a training fanatic, knee wraps are a great way to add pounds to your squat and provide a little bit of extra support for your knees. First up, we have the Elite FTS Normal Neerap. Now this comes in 2 meter and 2.5 meter lengths. And as you can see, this is a little bit stretchier, a little bit thinner, more of a cotton material. So that means it'll give you great rebound out of the hole. It's very comfortable to wear. It's very easy to crank by yourself. As far as casting and support, it'll provide some support, but it's mostly built for rebound. It's great for raw lifters as well as Olympic lifters. Next up, we have the Elite FTS Heavy Neerap. This comes in 2.5 meter lengths. And compared to the normal, it provides a little bit more support and casting, but you can still see that great stretch. It's very easy to put on if you train by yourself. And it's great for PRs if you have a training partner that knows how to really crank wraps. This is my favorite wrap because it's so versatile. It gives you the great rebound and support. If you're a raw lifter, it's very cast-like. If you crank it on for a multi-ply lifter. And it has a variety of applications and just feels good on the knee and feels like you can squat some serious weight with it. Next up, we have the Elite FTS Super Heavy Neerap. Now this comes in 2.5 meter lengths as well. And as you can probably guess by the name, it still has a little bit of stretch, but it's a very thick polyester material. Now some guys on the team that are raw lifters absolutely love this wrap, especially when it's cranked on by a training partner in its super tight. But for the most part, it's favored by the single-ply and multi-ply equipped guys, just because of how aggressive it casts the knee and how strong it is. Finally, we have probably the strongest knee wrap we currently offer. The Elite FTS Craterap. Now this comes in 2.5 and 3 meter lengths. And it's a really interesting wrap because it's very thick, but still stretchy. So it's an insane combination of rebound and support. And it's a favorite of a lot of the guys on the team like Casey Williams and Brandon Smithley who squatted his World Record 565 in this wrap. Now that you've seen the Elite FTS line, we're going to talk about the slingshot line. First up, we have the slingshot knee wraps. The basic knee wrap from Mark Bell comes in 2 meters or 2.5 meter lengths. It's a thicker, cut material very similar to the normals. Great amount of stretch. Thicker material. You can easily crank it on by yourself or have your training partner constrict your knee with it. Great for rebound. A little lower on the support side of things. But overall, a very good knee wrap. Great for raw lifters and for beginners. It's a great starter pair. Next from the slingshot line, we have the Lily Bridge World Record Record. Now this comes in just 2.5 meter lengths, sold as a pair. And it's very similar to our heavies. Great stretch. Thicker poly material. It gives you some support and casting. And it's very versatile. There's a reason they're called World Record Breakers because they break world records. Now that we've covered Elite FTS and the slingshot line, we're going to move on to metal. And the first metal knee wrap we're going to talk about is the triple black line. Now this is a thinner knee wrap, actually a little bit lighter than our heavies. Incredible stretch. Stretch is like crazy. Plenty of support if you crank them tight, but also great to lay over for your warm upsets if you've been having knee issues and don't want to break out your knee sleeves. These come in 2.5 meter lengths. And as I mentioned, they just stretch like crazy. So if you crank them on there, they're going to give you awesome rebound out of the hole and also be pretty comfortable to leave on for multiple rep sets. Next from metal, we have the all blacks. Now these are almost a legendary wrap. There are thicker cotton material. They crank like absolutely crazy. Awesome stretch, awesome rebound. And the cool thing about these is that as if you have a training partner or if you're able to crank them tight enough, they'll also give you crazy support. So they feel a little bit more comfortable, a little bit thinner like a regular wrap. But they give you that option, that versatility, depending on how hard you crank them to have great rebound and also to add some casting in there. Next from metal, we have a really interesting knee wrap, the metal mystical. And it's called mystical for a reason. It has the really stretchy triple black line knee wrap on the outside that you lay on first. And then after that on the inside, you have the metal all black. So you get the awesome rebound and the relative comfort of the triple black line. And then you can cross over and then X pattern or any pattern that you see fit with the all black to give you awesome casting and even more rebound. Finally we have the metal silver knee wrap. Comes in two and a half meter lengths. Very similar to the Lily Bridge World Record Breakers as well as the Elite FTS heavies. It's a little thicker, little less stretch, great casting, great support. Pretty strong rebound as well, great for the multi-ply lifter. It's really looking to have some support in the knees and help that hinge. Now that you have a little bit more insight into our selection of knee wraps, hopefully you can make an informed choice to get the set that's right for you and start bust and PRs. As always, if you have any questions, comments or concerns, call the office, visit the site, hit us up, we'll be happy to help.