Okay, we have another question from Bryce Lewis. He's hit us with some good ones this time. And Bryce asks, what characteristics in mentality and work ethic do you seek common among the highest level power lifters? They're not going to quit. I can't think of the word. I want to say, you know, it's a don't quit attitude, but I'm a brain is not finding the word that I'm looking for. It's not consistency, it's not the terms of the solution. Resolve, yeah. The termination. They, they, they, oh god, you know, I guess the best way to describe it is when they hit the floor after they're injured, the first thing they want to know and it could be their mark Bartley's a classic example. If you want to search the internet, look at Mark Bartley when he searched the video where he blew his knee out. You know, while he's laying on the floor as leg is sticking out sideways and everything's all fuck up. The only thing that he wanted to know is how long's it going to take to come back from this one? You know, and that it would be that resolve that resilience. You know, it's nothing's going to stop them from what they're trying to achieve. You know, they're on that path and that's the way it's going to be. Everything that gets in the way it's just an inconvenience. You know, it's whatever let's go. You know, you tear the back, find how long's it's going to take? Let's go. Just forward, forward, forward. And it would be seen as selfishness, you know, to a lot of people probably to everybody, you know, the higher level, somebody gets in sport, you know, be a powerlifting football or anything. You know, you're always going to find the same selfish tendencies at that level. And it's unnecessary evil. I think that needs to take place because of the degree of sacrifice that has to be made to do what they do. So that would be the quality. I'm not telling the people to be a selfish prick. You know, I think that you need to try to maintain some balance and that the longer you're around the more important that you see that is. But I don't know a very many top lifters who, I do know of some, you know, who got there easy. You know, a lot of them had to make a lot of sacrifices and go through a lot of shit, you know, to be able to get where they are. And then they may not always be the best. And being one of the lifters that kind of fit those categories, you know, and one way, you know, you like to see the people that just breeze through really easy. It's like two years, this guy's a world record horse, like where the hell do you come from? You know, you like to see that because those are the people who are really going to do amazing things. But at the same time, you're almost like in this guy like with the hell. You know, what do you do, you know, to be able to do? Why do come so easy for you? You know, then what pisses you off is when they're, oh, yeah, I train hard. So they're a little bullshit, you don't train. Are you never even pulled a muscle? You know, but those are the people that make, that makes pork great. Those are those people that you watch on the football field on Sunday. Like, man, I can't believe that guy did that. You know, so the genetics play a role, but I've always been a bigger fan of the people that have had a scratch, fight their way to the top. So that's, I think, a big part of it is that mentality to be able to scratch and fight your way to the top. There will be some people and some people listening to this, may fit that bill. You may never have to work hard. You might just go straight to the top, just by showing up and doing the work. So either way, you know, that's how it is, but even those people that show up and do the work, they will face adversity and from what I've seen most of the time, they just quit. They go on with a different sport as soon as a little adversity comes in. So those guys that are fighting and scratching their way to the top, and get pissed off because somebody just flies wild. Don't worry, they're not going to be around long. Trust me. Good question, Bryce.