Hey everybody, Steve Colescott here for EliteFTS.com. I'm here with Steena Tell Hammer, who is here to compete at the Arnold Amateur and her trainer Fredrick Carlson. Good to have you guys here. Okay, you guys have come here for Sweden. Steena, you've been competing for a decade now. Tell us a little bit about how your training has changed from the beginning to what you're currently doing. Well, um, today I might have enough muscles. So I'm trying to, yeah, welcome a week part and just to get more cuts and go out more. Okay, tell us your height and body weight. Right now. Yes. It's like 59 kilos. Okay. It's about 10, right? I know. 25, 40. Yeah. Okay. And how tall are you? 161 centimeters. 111 centimeters. Like 5 foot 3. Okay. Thank you. We, Americans, we still haven't gotten on the metric system. We were fears were very stubborn that way. And from, from when you competed 10 years ago, Yeah. How is your weight changed? How much, how much muscle mass do you, would you guess you've put on? 15 like 10 pounds maybe? Okay. 10 to 15. This feels like a math class. Yeah. You're counting for math, the exact. Yeah. Probably a pound on each shoulder for one. Tell me a little bit as her trainer, what's, what type of nutrition program is she currently on? Well, she is like the opposite of all other, at least I'm working with. So she can eat a lot of carbs, mostly slowly carbs like high fiber carbs fruit, veggies, broccoli and stuff. In the beginning, when we start working together, I put down like medium high carb, medium protein, but she went up to gain weight like three weeks, went up like five pounds, I think, something. So we did upset, so still had the carbs pretty high and I dropped protein involved because she was getting. When you started with her, was it a situation where you didn't, where she was at a point where she didn't need any more muscle? Exactly. And the thing is she hadn't been working out for six months. She was competing in April last year and won the overall in the Grand Prix show in Sweden. And she went to the European Championships and went to fifth place. Yeah. That's it. Cropped in her training just to rest. So we started working in early November, I think. So she had the muscles still. You didn't do it anyway, that just happened. It was a fat moor. That's done the things. She has said, how about it reacts directly on everything I've done. Okay. How would you say, what type of a business did you make as she went from her off season to her pre-concess? Was that a big change in her macronutrient balance? Yes. A big change. She has told her body is pretty unique in that way because she can eat whatever she wants in the Off season. Okay. And still like only ten weeks ago, I said to her, okay, I don't know if we're going to make this happen with you, but three weeks later she dropped like four pounds in the body and start reacting. Just put in some of the internal training in the cardio. Okay. What would you guess your body fat level is that right now? Have you tested that all or is it all mirror for you? It's around 5%. Okay. And what is that pretty much where you'd want to be? You don't want to be too lean for a figure? No, it's pretty much where I want to be. Okay. What are your thoughts going into this contest? We talked a little bit about this before we filmed. Having seen how people in previous years have done, how the women in your class have looked. How do you think you're going to deal on the stage? And we'll give you the same question. I think it's hard to tell because you have no clue who we're going to be in the class and who I'm going to compete against. So that's kind of exciting. It's exciting to get come over here and come to me them too. So it's a big thing. Okay. And I'm guessing right now you have no clue what the judges are going to be looking for this year as compared to previous year. No, that's why it's really hard to tell. To where I will end up. Okay. What are your thoughts? Like I said, if you look at the pictures and what I've seen so far, I think you have a good standard part. And the shape is somewhere between ripped and medium soft like the muscle muscles and up. So okay. I think it's good. Excellent. Well, we wish you luck and thanks for talking to us. People will be able to see we have some photos of you showing up on the site. And they'll get a chance. We'll edit some stuff into the video so they can see how you looked at the show as well. So thank you. Thank you. Thanks.