Everybody, Steve Polska at here, we're doing a segment of video inquisitions with Shelby Starns. I'm going to hit the Shelby with a few questions. Our first question is going to be about, Shelby, you recently won your IFV Pro Card at the NPC Master's Nationals. We hear a lot about Olympic athletes at once they win the gold medal. They tend to be kind of depressed because they achieve their goal and they don't know what to do. So tell me a little bit, what did it feel like the week after you won your pro card? Not a whole lot different to be honest. Turning pro, it basically just means that I have to compete against a lot better guys now. The competition gets a lot tougher on the pro stage. Everyone has achieved pro stage. Everyone is a champion. So it's just kind of a quantum leap in terms of competition. But otherwise, you know, everything is still pretty much the same. I'm still the same bodybuilder I was, you know, the day before I turned pro. I still have the same strengths and weaknesses that I did before. I'm still pursuing bodybuilding in the same way that I was before. It's just that now I do it on a pro stage instead of an amateur stage. It's a little bit of a paradigm shift, but basically everything is still the same. As a follow up, Shelby, how did winning your pro card at change your career in business strategy? Again, not much different. I get to include IFBB pro on my resume now, which is nice, but in terms of data, data operations, not much has changed. And let me ask you about training and nutrition. Having one your pro card, what did you feel you have to change there to take it to the next level? I'll be competing in the two 12 class now. The IFBB has an open class, which is unlimited weight, and then also a two 12 class, which is anyone that's under 212 pounds. And that fits me well. I won my pro card in the light heavyweight class, which is an upper limit of 198 pounds. So I've got a little bit of room to grow into that 212 limit. I don't expect to be 212 anytime soon. It'll take a few years to get up there. But I don't expect to ever compete over 212. I'm not one of the mass monsters by any means. So things are basically the same. I'm still working in the same ways that I was before in terms of filling out my physique with nutrition training recovery in just more time.