Mark Watts, leadFDS.com. I'm here at 11-Affud, I'm Columbus Ohio. This is going to be part of our Sports Performance Coge Education Series. This week we're going to talk about securing a job and the strategy of the addition field. Any time that try to write a article or a blog post or do you see any kind of video, the one thing I want to do is make sure that we do three things. Number one, make sure we explain what the dilemma is, what the issue is. Strength of the addition is a field that a lot of people want to get into, but it's a very tough field to do so. So it's one of those things that we want to make sure that we'll give you the skills and some of the methods and the techniques and so and really try to give you a plan to get into that. Number two, why am I qualified to talk about this? I've been able to have an extensive internship program and coordinate athletes from a number of schools when I enter my coaching career and also I've been able to see some of the mistakes that some of the applicants have made, some of the interns have made when they're pursuing other jobs beyond the internship they're with me. So I've had that little bit of experience that can help and finally, I've been take away points and again trying to get you to make maybe streamline your efforts to make sure that you're doing the best job that you can to secure the job that you want. So hopefully this this year you will help you with that. So going through hopefully we'll have cooperation with technology, but again the first thing I have to do is make sure that this is really what you want as a straightening addition coach. Do you really want to be a straight coach and a couple of things that really are alarming to people when they start to get into professional number one. The state of the profession and the biggest thing that really keeps coaches from good coach from good jobs is that there are way more straightening addition in coaches in our straightening addition jobs. That's just how it is. I think that that's supplying to man is just simple numbers. Every position that is open, the amount of applicants for that position is just overwhelming. So that's one thing that works against straightening coaches a lot of time to just know that is a help. Job security, again, one thing you have to understand is that your job can be tied into a sport coaches performance with their athletes and your job security, your means of feeding your family and supporting yourself are directly tied into the performance of 18 to 20 rules. And I think that's something you have to make sure that you understand the college of the college of the round. How you go up in the profession, obviously, the less job security there is. I mean, that's the most people understand that. So it's just something you have to understand when you're pursuing those top end jobs at four levels concerned, that's something you really have to think about. And lastly, the clear on Jebry, this is something that we've heard several times at CSEA round tables and NSC around tables. And I know there's Tim Belts from Pittsburgh or Todd Hammer, but I'll give Fred to Pittsburgh, I will guard this. But how many coaches you know that have retired the strength coaches? Just doesn't happen. It's one of the professions where most either get out because they get burned out or they can't pursue it in a longer or they get fucked for whatever reason. And you know, it's at that cycle and I think there's a lot of coaches, but a really good coaches are out of the game for no other reason than not maybe just their performance or for other things. So, all right. So a couple critical questions I think you have to ask yourself when you're going through this journey is number one, you have to make sure that this is really what you want. And the first question is, do you have enough information to make an educated guess as far as if this is really what you want to pursue? There's going to be a lot of time, a lot of effort, a lot of energy put in to this career and you have to make sure that's really what you want. Have you been able to either shadow or interview or observe strength of the industry coach? Have you had interactions with some of those strength coaches and see again what the grind is like and what they have to go through on a day to day basis? There's a lot of coaches that put their family through a lot of hardship and really sacrifice a lot of time and energy to pursue a career when they forgot that might not be what they really want. So that's one thing I really think about. Coach Adam fight at talking about the three else and again, it's the logo and it really that pursuit of trying to get to that big time university. And I remember when I was a coach, again, when I would have, when I was at West Point, I'd have the Army logo, all the way I want to talk to him as soon as I was at a division three school, people would have to work with Dennis. I'm saying Coach, I probably have more experience but people want to aspire to what that logo is on their share and I think it's some kind of sometimes mistake because they get caught up in that whole pursuit. The second one is location. I want to be able to coach somewhere where I want to move my family across the country and again that really limits you and in the other one is that lost and Coach fight to talk about just that passion for coaching at a certain university. I call it the passion of some of that really loves working out and they really love exercise and training so much that they want to be a strength coach. Well, it's kind of a silly reason to do that. You know, it's really, you know, don't become a strength coach because you love training. Become a strength coach because you love coach. It's one of those, one of those dichotomies that people just really get, they think that one ties into the other and getting people strong and being stronger to different things. Being strong feature ego and getting other strong and feature families is one thing that I've sent in passing and I think it's true. Make sure that you love coaching, not necessarily love training because again, they're not one and the same. You're your windows of training are very few and far between, you know, again, you know, their schedule they do have. And then again, a couple other things. Number one, do your graph core restrictions, you know, make sure that, you know, that you're able to move anywhere in the country. The more places you can move, the better change you're going to get of securing that internship, that GA, that full-time position. Questions of convenience, this is one thing I always talk in a joking manner, but if you really like sleep and you really, you know, and you really like to have, you know, money, it's, you know, it's one of those professions. And I'll say it or it's not coach out there, they can support themselves. There's a lot of coaches that's making, you know, six digits all the way up until maybe half million dollars a year. But those are very select few. And they put in decades of time and effort and experience to get to that point. But again, starting out is one of those professions that you're not going to have a lot of free time. You're not going to have a lot of spare change in your pox as well. So make sure again, you're not one of those, you know, people that really, that's really important to you. You have to maybe, you know, it's a different kind of a different kind of scenario. And again, real estate qualifications. This is something that really hurts a lot of young coaches. They get their degree. They have a bachelor's, they get certified, all of a sudden they feel they're qualified to coach. I'm going to get to our stands at what would separate you from the other tens of thousands of recent college graduates over the last several years that makes you more special with no experience to get that position. That's something you have to ask yourself. So again, make sure you understand that if you don't have any experience in your applying for positions that require a lot of experience, and again, just be realistic what would you go through? So a couple of things, what's holding you back? There's a good question again, go through some of these different, different, different sport of your evidence. First one is education. And again, I'm not saying that people get the twisted with the education part of it. And again, you know, some people have said, we're just read, you know, if you just read some books on physics and, you know, physiology and biomechanics, you'll be, you know, we'll be just as set up for success. And one thing about education, remember education is not just acquiring knowledge, you know, accessing information. It's about being an interpreter, information. It's about being evaluated on how you can apply that information. And as Dave Tays says, it's devotion to tech. And when you see this stuff, you know, on the internet, that you understand what is, you know, what is Apple, what's not, and what is, has sounded, what is it? So that's one thing to really think about. So again, if you're a position where you don't, you're going to the product facility, and that's our requirement, then that's what you have to, you have to, you have to wait that out whether those students are going to be worth it for you to get that next position. The next thing is going to be servications. Now, in going back to education, I know there's been, there's been some talk about, you know, I've learned more in a weekend certification that I did in a four year degree. And let me, I'm going to go through that in a minute, but I understand when I talk to Trevor Cash, he was a brilliant, brilliant person, and I really enjoy talking to him. But there's been exercise science degree, and there's a difference between knowing how to exercise and knowing how exercise works, and that's what the degree is for. Knowing how to exercise is just as much on you as it is, the curriculum that you're, you're part of. And again, taking one course in barbell training, I don't know, to me, you know, schools that have a death level on one course that the registrar says, yes, it's a good idea. Let's put this through. Let's have these students spend how many, how many months of dollars on each credit hour to learn, delveding one or one, where that is up to you as a student to make sure that you're acquiring that experience to get that information. There's a difference between the two, just understanding that. That goes back to the certification. Again, just, I understand, people always, I hear all the time. Just because you're certified doesn't mean you're a good coach. Well, everyone knows that. Everyone understands that. That's something that people keep saying that I think is maybe the people that aren't certified that just, that, that, you know, basically say that to make them felt self filled a little more secure. And I'm not saying you have to get certified. But what I am saying is that, you know, that is, you can't put yourself in a position where you don't get a job because they require a certification. Listen, a certification just gets you to the point where you can, you understand the basics and you're not going to put any of your athletes or clients in danger. It doesn't mean you're a good coach. You know, when no one's saying that, it's frustrating when people criticize that. No one's saying that. What you have to understand is that, you know, what I see is someone who's certified or someone's working or certification. That means that they're not lazy and they do care and they understand what they have to do to get the bare basics. So again, if you're in a product setting and you're looking at a affiliate or a private gym somewhere, then you're a flarrant, then I can't tell you to get it. That's going to help you either, either a good or bad. But you know, it's one of the things don't make that an amazing factor if you really want to be a strength of the year. You're going to go, especially to college level. Now let's look at the park. So you care the, a void that. So it's one of the things you have to think about. The experience, talk about that. If you don't have experience, you have to get that experience. You have to, you have to find a way to be experienced. I know it's at whole different, you know, that parallel between, I can't get a job because I don't have experience, I can't get experience because I don't have a job. And that's what volunteering is for. That's what internships are for to get that experience. As, as my friend J.L. Holesworth always says, why would I bring in somebody with no experience? Why would I pay them if I have to teach them what to do? It doesn't make sense. So that's what the internship is for to gain that experience. Is it fair that it's not, that you're working all those hours for just, you know, few t-shirts and, you know, maybe a team meal here or there are some supplements? No, I'm not saying it is fair, but again, that's what it is. If that isn't very you, then that's when you have to evaluate if this really is to career. And again, connections. That's one of those things that people when they talk about clinics, they talk about, conferences and whether they're going to learn or whether they're not going to learn. Listen, most of the time when you go to these clinics and conferences and seminars, it's about the people you interact with. It's about the things you learn outside of those presentations that are so important. And again, they're not going to, it's not like they're having a receiving line for these, you know, for these speakers that you're able to, you know, meet every single one. You have to take the initiative to go out your way to meet them and talk to them. And really, put yourself in a situation where they remember who you want. And most of the people at those conferences that will be in a situation where they can hire you are probably in the audience. They're probably with you. They're probably in your same situation. So it's important that you have those connections between that one and get out from on your desk, get off the internet and go and see people. Go and bring people to you if you can and make sure that you're in your making those connections exactly to as well. So, all right, so we're to go. When I did a presentation, a few years back at the ANSEA coaches conference, one of the greats one of my evaluations was, you didn't tell me where to find an internship. And I'm going to situation, I don't know where I can find you specifically an internship. I will say there's a couple places that you can get to. So, football scoop.com, csc.org and then straight performance.com, plus our site, LFDS.com. Everyone wants to, we'll try to put those up or have coaches contact us and you'll want someone to kind of end that for thinking around. But again, those are list, the problem is, is that most of those positions that are listed on those sites are not paid. So, you know, that's, there's a lot of positions available. There's just, most of them are just, this is an unpaid internship and, you know, no monetary compensation will be provided. So, they're out there and, you know, in the second part is again, you understand, is that when a coach knows that he has an assistant leaving, he has an idea who he also replaced him with, probably someone at house because they know them, they trust them, or they have some, they have some people in mind. And usually when they do that, and I'll talk about it a little later, what they do is the description, it's based on what they're looking for in terms of who they already have in mind. So, you know, the other thing is when you're looking for a guy, I really want to do an internship. For example, this is pretty easy. You look at your career, right? Well, basically that's certain. You draw a circle where you can contribute to how many schools can you commute to from where you're living now? Or how many schools can you commute to from where your uncle lives, or, you know, we have friends at live, or where you can stay somewhere. For those schools, you need to apply to those schools directly. And again, make sure you know exactly where you're applying to as far as the head strength coach, director of sports, or whatever, maybe. A lot of the smaller schools won't even have the strength to be an assistant coach. They might have a football coach at the division three, division two levels that, you know, just basically they might have a couple coaches at the, that small school level that really they just, they just make the sport coaches do it. Well, the athletic trainer has to do it. Or they have a fitness center director. So make sure when you're looking at those positions, make sure, and I'll talk about this and make sure that situation drive for you. So again, look at those yeargravagaring. Where you can realistically, you know, get to and commute to and be able to volunteer because again, if you're applying for internships across the country and you have no word to stay, that's not really realistic. And you're going to be set up. You're going to have to turn that down even if you get offered. And that's the first thing you're going to ask. Can you, first thing I ask? Can you make this work logistically? And that's the one thing we have to understand. Okay, so applying for positions. And again, we'll talk about the, the unpaid internship first. And again, this is, I know David Adams and Rona Rona on our side about it and people get, you know, real, they'd write about it. They get a little bit of a hurt about, you know, how could you ask someone to, that's the problem with the industry is that there's too many, you know, there's too many internships that are all in pain. But that is the industry. Here's my, my question. If you, if you don't want to do an unpaid internship and guess what? No one must do an unpaid internship. You know that, right? You're not the only one. But if you don't want to do that internship, you have to ask yourself a couple of things. If you can't take that. Number one is, do you have other options? Do you have a paid internship option that you're able to turn that down? So if the only options you have are unpaid internships, either take one of those or the one that you're offered or you don't. And if you don't, do you really want to be a strength in the initial coach? So that's the option. If you'll, I got offered unpaid internship and I can't afford to take that. Well, then you know the, you know the problems. You know that that's the situation. It's unpaid. You already know that. So looking through to what other options you have. The other one is just as important as again, doesn't matter experience so. Here's the one conversations that I've had with a couple of people was, you know, I've been offered unpaid internships as a strength in the initial coach and people say, well, I can't do it if it's unpaid. Well, my always response was like, well, listen, if this is a paid internship, I wouldn't be talking to you. I'd be talking to other 100 people that want that same job. So understand is that, you know, when you say, I want to pay an internship, well, what makes you, what about the other unpaid interns who have a couple of years of experience? I have former interns enough, they've had five internship experiences and they're still kind of looking. And again, is that on them? I don't know, but that's the state of it. So if, if really, you have to be realistic about what, again, everybody would like a paid internship. But again, if the option is not a job or that, then you have to be realistic with. So when you're looking at positions, right? We're going to go ahead and look through, I'm going to start applying for these positions in, so the first thing you have to do, I thought an internship, I thought a G8, because it wasn't. I skipped doing it. Okay. All right. So let's talk about the graduate assistant. When you're looking at a G8 position, remember, these are going to be either hard to come by and these paid internships or the unpaid internships. Again, most of them are going to be reserved for people that are part of the program. That's just a way for them to reward some of those student athletes that have played for them that are in that situation. Probably the best situation you can ever be in is a GA position at a small school, because you're getting an opportunity coach. You have some teams that you'll be able to coach and you'll get your graduate, you'll get your school pay for. And again, it's not as competitive. So that's one thing to think about. And again, can you, if you're going to be somewhere, can you, and you're going to get your message or anyway, can you volunteer in the way? I know some people that have volunteered during their grad school, and then they were able to turn that into an actual GA that second year or the third year of their graduate study. So, and it gets one of the things you have to think about. And again, last thing we'll talk about this is, forward, when you're looking at a time, you know, four positions. Looking at the collegiate through high school and through the private sector. Obviously, collegiate is going to be very, very competitive. You're looking at the high school level with the high school level. And again, those are through and far between. And the only thing I caution you about is that if you have somebody, a high school coach, like Fred Eez, or like Gary Skullfield, or probably Miss and hundreds that are excellent, do you have someone you can learn from. And there's going to be some other hoops to jump through with they have unperpainted internships at the high school level with criminal record check. And just, you know, all that, you know, the child abuse clearance and all that, all different things. So, it's one thing that really just, you know, that's not as prevalent right now. And usually if they do have any kind of stipend money, they usually put that to some of their teachers, some of their coaches to help run the way room, and you all see it. So, that's little sketchy. And then, you know, the last thing that private sector. And again, you know, do you have to jump through as much hoops, do you have to get into this issue where you are able to, you know, do you have to be certified? Do you have to have to agree? I don't know. That's going to be up to that individual. So, you know, it's one of those things that, you know, you have to know what, you know, what is going to be the best for you. So, do you have to intern out a private facility? You know, I know some people that do have a pre-exense of internship program to tell the spot, for example, does they do here at the Levin athletics and Anthony Donskov. And those are just locally at Donskov straight the nation, you have interns. And then that leads into, okay, now we have enough clients that we can actually get your paid. But, you know, it's one of those situations where you have to do a full-cens of internship. And again, do I have to intern out across the facility to be a cross-the-cote? I don't know if you can just get your level one. If you can pay for that, get your level one. Aren't you qualified to be a coach now? I don't know. That's your decision. You know, a situation could you be in a situation where you intern at a place and in all of a sudden, they pay for your certification because again, it's not cheap. That may be a situation else. But again, you have to understand what you're able to do. Here's the last thing I'll say about that is, make sure, if you want to be a college-trained edition coach, make sure it's because you think you have the skill set that will relate to that age group. Right? Not because of the logo or not because you want to be big-time. Not because you want to work with free-gathens, but because you feel you can connect with that age group. You feel that you're best, bet your best position to motivate athletes and get them better and have them have a fulfilling career is that age group. If not, if that's not the reason you want to be there, they have to rethink it and then you might have some other options that are more viable for you, especially you know, again, with the military option, which after that we don't before the cost was just a great deal. Now with a lot of those government budget costs, a lot of those positions that could have been really a kind of a back drop for, you know, or a kind of a way to stay in the profession. Some of those are disappearing. I hope they continue to grow back up again. So, if you found an internship and now you're in a position where you have to apply for it. You found a GA, you're going to apply for it. You found any kind of position in that application process. So, I'll go through these. These might seem kind of sending, but I just want to, I've seen a lot of these. I've made somebody's mistakes, I hope for those out there. So, first of all, again, you're doing a couple of little, make sure you have the heading of who you're dressing to. I know that seemed common to sense, but sometimes it gets tricky. Make sure you're dressing at two of the director of strength in the industry or the head strength in the industry. Go, the person that you are going to be, they're going to be your director for fodder. Sometimes they will have a contact person as someone in human resources. I've been going to directly email to them to email them. Sometimes it's an assistant that handles all of the interns. Again, make sure you're dressing it to the right person. So, again, it shouldn't be someone either that head strength coach or if they specifically say an assistant. Make sure you address it to them. The four pair of that model is just an easy way because again, if you're in a situation where you really want to be a strength coach, you're probably going to send a lot of you out. So, the first one that I like to basically as far as you're going to cut it down to four paragraphs, remember, if I'm reading 100 of these things, I want you to get to the point right now if I'm the one hand. So, who are you? That's the first paragraph. I'm so, I've seen your exercise science major at this university and I am, who are you and what do you apply for? I mean, I have a serious interest in the, you know, sports performance intern, real position, whatever maybe. Who are you and what are you trying to do? This, I, this, you know, express your intention. The second one is, is really why do you want this position? Why work for this university? Now, you can have a template with these cover-lamps, but be specific when you go to this second paragraph. Why do you want to work on this university? If it's, if it's a university that, you know, doesn't have maybe the greatest academic reputation. Don't include that, right? If it's someone that's been a five-fired and most of their sports, don't talk about athletic excellence. Be realistic because again, they're going to see, they're going to, I can tell right now, you know, what is just a fabricated, just, you know, a form, type paragraph, and what's not. So, again, make sure it's because of why do you want that position? Right? The third paragraph being, why should they hire you? What makes you separate from the other hundred applicants? So, what have you done? What is your experience? What can you bring to the table, right? And coaches don't care about your training philosophy because you're not going to be able to implement it anyway. That's just an intern. They want to know, again, you can be lower, you're going to care about their athletes. And I think that's one of the things we'll talk about in a minute. And then some are, which is really a repeat of the first paragraph, right? Thank you. Here's my contact info, you know, really excited about possibly just sum it up. And it keep it very, very directed, very, very quick, concrete. Make sure you include your email, make sure you include your cell number. So they can get a hold of that way. So again, just, that's an easy way to kind of split up your cover letter. The next thing is going to be the resume itself. So, I've made, I've had some terrible resumes. I really have. And I think a lot of it is just because I've been a situation where, you know, it's, you know, for the most part, you know, I just, I just try to include too much. One page, that's what a lot of coaches want. They want that one page. And again, I don't know if it's situation where, you know, you can get away with one page. But if you can go a one page front and back, that's good. Young coaches, a lot of times you're trying to fill up that page. So I understand that. Statement of intent. What are you trying to do? Right? I'm trying to secure a job at a, you know, that strategy, you know, actually coach at a certain school. Be specific. Oh, it is a replacement one line. I'm just, my sincerience is, you know, to be employed at Sussan Sussan University. And again, just that statement of intent. What are you trying to get to? Your professional statement. That's kind of an education thing, you know, for, for, for, for, for a teacher a lot of times in a place. It's a way to make some Roger qualification, right? I've experienced with this these schools. I have experienced, you know, with, with, you know, anything as far as with help with nutrition plans with, you know, with, with doing the FM Master or, you know, velocity based training. Those technical, those technology, type tasks that are so prevalent now and strength of the addition of the some of those old school coaches are I used to. Being able to someone, if you're interested in how to put some GPS technology in a program. And that's going to separate you right there. So again, just summarize those. Because again, that's what people are going to go to the C right now. You're relevant to experience. Again, I understand if you're going to go for the school newspaper, you're the president of your fraternity. I got it, right? Good. Good job. I don't know how, you know, working at as, as a, as a waiter or waitress, is going to convince me that you're, you know, you're going to be a good strength coach. Although, I do think that a few professions everyone should do would be delivering pizzas and waiting tables in Washington dishes. Everybody does those three. I think that, you know, we'll be a better society. That's a very homelink experience. So all right. So descriptive language. And again, this is, you know, have written, you know, an extensive program. I've had a, you know, comprehensive training, you know, warm up and whatever it may be, but again, be descriptive if you can. Again, just, you know, don't, I know, I've taken athletes through warmups. You know, test it athletes on a vertical job. You know, make sure, again, that you're, not fabricating, making things, you know, too over the top. But make sure that something that people, you know, couple different descriptive words can really help with that resume. And then make sure someone proof-free's it and make sure not you. So what else proof-free's it? And have someone look at it. Have someone have a coach look at it. And again, it's one of those things that he gets from feedback. Now, days when applying for these positions, most coaches are asking, you know, for you to get a video together. So again, that's one of those things with the videos. You know, people say, okay, I need a video of you teaching someone how to squat. Take me through your progression. So be used to that. And that's a good thing because again, I think it's one of those, one of those aspects that people can get really good idea at least how you interact in front of a camera. Because I'm just nervous talking for him. I probably talking in front of, you know, 20, 30, 200 people that talk in front of this camera. I'll tell you that right now. But it does give you some experience and it does give them a kind of a, it's, if you're transso-relationally, it really is. So references, asset permission, make sure that people, you ask if I can, I use you as a reference. Say, make sure you do that. The worst thing for a coach is to get caught off guard. Next thing is you can't update all your contact info for your references. And again, make sure they have your, if you, if you have someone as a reference, they should have the news copy of your resume. Coach, I'm going for these jobs. Here's a copy of my resume. Because the first thing when someone calls me, hey, can you tell me about so? So I'm like, yes, where is this resume? Right? Because I might not know what you've done after this, this, this, this. And I want to leave half of familiarity with that. So, you know, and again, every time you apply for a position, notify, it's maybe text, maybe you need me, I'm like, hey, I apply for this, this, this, you know, or hey, listen, I apply for 15 different jobs, you know, you're probably going to get called with these. And again, at least they have that. Then they can go back to the room and say, okay, I do know someone there, right? They do know, so I, when I get a call, I blew from another coach, I know what it's in reference to. And again, you know, you don't ask coaches to call. Hey, do you know any way there? I get it all the time. Do you know anybody there? Yeah, I do. Can you, can you, call them all? You're one of 200 people. I'm going to call, you know, it's one of those things where you have to at least get to the position where you're going to get an interview. Then, if you get a phone interview, if you get a direct contact, then go ahead and ask the coach to make a call or she will quit email. Because again, what happens is they'll be, if you, if you, if you have them call everyone, all the references call everyone you've had. Ever apply to, it's really going to be, it's going to be really sick of doing it and it's not fair to them. So, okay, last thing about the, the references again, if you don't ask for letters of recommendation unless you are being requested for letters of recommendation. Some, some applicants, you know, applications will require those. You get on math, they upload. If you're going to ask for general one, now something will not want to do that. Some, some, some people want to send it directly to those people. They want it. They don't want to send you a general one that you can change. Some people for me, I'm going to send you a general one. You, you input whatever position you want to put in there. I'll give you a word document. Or it's going to be general enough that, hey, I would hire him for whatever position you ask. So, again, just, it try to be general, it don't ask from the first specific positions if you're going to avoid it. Sometimes you have to, but really if you're going to avoid it, try to get some general one. So, the phone review, here's the one thing too, when you're applying for some of these positions. If you're applying online, which most large university, or most universities in general, one online. So, when you apply online, you're not going to input all this information. You have to get a username, everything else. They will have to upload that information. So, they'll have it. They have to do that because, again, they have to have a check-in balance. A couple of things. Number one, the supplemental questions, probably the most important part, is going to be a list of like 5 to 10 questions. They're going to seem very random, but really they're very general. And they're not like just checking, you know, just demographics, or, you know, they're really checking. Do you have this many years of experience in the field? Do you have, are you certified? Do you have a degree in this? And you'll have those basic general questions. And if you guys are not going to do those questions, you're an application, and this is across the border-off-to-off-to-off for universities. Your application doesn't even get to the people that are going to be reading it that will make it higher in decision. You've essentially eliminated yourself. Now, you can't allow those things, but at the same time, you know, I've been in a situation where do you have, you know, three years experience at the university level. Well, you can answer, yes, it might have been a woman's basketball coach, but it still experience at a university level. So you can maybe, you know, I don't know if that's going to hurt you in a long order or not, but again, just having that university experience, maybe that's what you're asking. So I don't think you can't really fib those. The only other thing is, number two, if you are someone that is referenced or referred, they can request to get your application regardless of what you answer those. So that's already an X-bet, and I know that from the inside source, that's really how it works. So again, those supplemental questions are vitally important. So let's go to the next part, it's going to be the phone interview. So a lot of times, again, a lot of them last few cent of video, that's the second part. This kind of, some of them applies to it, but with the phone interview, they're horrendous, they're awful, they're awkward. No, you can't get any feedback. I've had a few phone interviews. Some of them would have a great great, and I've got job offers, and an internship offer off of them. Some would have, because I just, I could, you know, I just, you know, I don't know what it was. If I'm talking to a phone, I can't talk to my hands, and then I just don't know what to say, I guess, but, but you have to at least get yourself to in a position where you're not going to be put out of the game by the interview. It's got to be one of those things where you're a little at least, it'll get you to the next point. So, with the phone interview, be prepared. Make sure you get in your phone, start making sure you have the computer in front of you. Make sure you know if it's going to be a committee, try to find out who's going to committee first. Sometimes they don't want to tell you, but a lot of times, if you can get a little bit of an idea, okay, it's going to be, you know, it's going to be the office, yeah, strength coach, going to be the AD, it's going to be the, when it's basketball coach, men's across coach, and it's when we dive in coach. Well, at least you have an idea of kind of a solar background, and they don't have to tailor the interview to them, but at least you have your more prepared, and then you can kind of, then that way you can address them directly on the phone by name. I've made that mistake a couple of times, you're just, you know, being a loss, who am I actually talking to? So, again, it's one of those things that will help. You know, it's in notes, what they're saying, you know, again, what question do they ask you? And I think that's one of those things that, you know, you should have a list of your basic philosophy. Here's a question, you're going to get, what's your coaching philosophy? Well, I don't know if you just got a degree and you're trying to get an, and pay an internship, you're going to have one yet. But you have to get an asking. So, I think it's important to at least start to think about. That's the biggest thing about having a assistant is that you want them to acclimate it to your system, but you want them to create their own philosophy as well. So, it's one of those times that starts to think about what do you really believe in? And you should be able to say that when someone asks you, regardless of your experience. So, the other thing is you can follow up email, and handwritten them. A handwritten note goes farther than just about anything. It just shows that you care enough to take the time to write things down. And say, I appreciate it. Don't have to be very long, but to get, send it, take the time, and send them a handwritten note, thank it for the interview. You have a timey thing there. So, again, they hopefully, you'll get out right away. Get it out right that day. So, again, they'll get that fresh. And they remember who you walk. That's how you separate yourself. You know, and again, a lot of the questions, though, that they're going to be asking are somewhere theoretical, right? Okay, what are you for off doing this? What would you do in this situation? Some are experience-based. And your experience, you know, if now, instead of theoretical, like, what would you do in this situation, they want to know, okay, what have you done in this situation? Now, if you don't have a lot of experience, that's a tough one to do. So, you might have to kind of sidetrack a little bit and say, okay, this is a similar situation that what you're asking, but this is what I did. The fact that you least have the why of why you reacted to certain way, or why you address situations in a certain way, will you get you in a situation where you'll, you know, not look like a stud-siring, bubbling idiot, you know, on the phone. Like, I've done the past. And again, someone was conflict oriented. So, again, be careful about sensitive topics. So, they talk about athletes with eating disorder. If they want to know about, you know, the female athlete try and, if you, you know, all those different, you know, you know, concussion and questions that come up. Don't talk out of scope of your practice and make sure you're answering with some, as you know, some conviction and some compassion. As my friend, Carl Guisra always says, you know, that will help you in the long run. So, key questions when you're applying to this position. And again, whether you're going to take a job or not, right? Okay, apply to this position. Don't ever apply for a position you don't think you're going to take just for experience. You know, everybody says I want some, I want some interview experience. And every experience is great. I've learned so much, especially from the jobs that you get, but at the same time, you don't want to apply for positions that you, you're not going to get great experience for going through an interview that you're not feeling it anyway. I mean, I've been on those, you know, those complimentary interviews where I've been on interviews where they seem like they were just basically courtesy interviews. Where I know this guy, he knows this person, most of his programming for interviewing, and at least we get, you know, I can control that, you know. So, don't ever forget, you're not going to get a great experience if you're not, you're hard-signing anyway. So, you know, is this position? If I take this internship or this GA or this full-time position, I'm going to hate coaching, I'm going to take it to system position at school and know where you are, say, is this really going to help me get to, I want to be. And first of all, I have no more you want to be. So, again, if I take an internship at a private sector facility, is that going to help me be a strengthier, the addition goes to the college loan? I don't know, most of the time, no, but it can work out for me depending on what situation is. Anyway, your strength and weakness is on, right? If you're someone that's really not very, you're kind of a meathead, how it is, you're back on, you have any idea about speed training? Well, go and do it in terms of that facility, that might help, and vice versa. So, it's one of the CGFs in the side. And that's one of the, again, why do you get the evaluated experience? Remember, John Maskel says, it's not the experience, you know, whatever the certifications that require, you have to have so many hours coaching. Well, you have to have so many hours coaching with someone watching you, right? I've done, I've been there, I've done that. I've been in a situation where I'm coaching and coaching, no one is ever telling me, hey, why are you doing this? Why are you doing that? And if you're a coach, especially a young coach, every time I've had, I've had, I've had coaches that have helped me, so I'm like, why are you telling them to do that? Or I get, why do you have this in your program? And just the fact, the more times you can answer the question, why? The better coach you're going to be, I guarantee that, guarantee that. If I have to answer why I'm doing something, the more I do that, the better coach I am. So, make sure you're somewhere, you're actually going to evaluate it at the end of the day, someone's going to say, hey, listen, this is a very effective, or you need to work on this, because if not, you're not going to ever improve as a coach. Third question, can I support myself financially? And what does have a means to do so, what I mean by that is, you know, if this job doesn't pay, can I at least have a part-time job, at least, so I can pay my rent. So again, if it's just not going to work logistically, you have to make that decision. So anywhere you're, you know, and I think coaches will realize, if you can get to the point, we have an internship program, you provide housing, and maybe give them a meal plan on campus. You will get the best in terms of the country, but for some reason, people are not figured that out yet. I don't know what it is, but so as an intern, you have to anticipate that. You have to save money to work for free. Now, no other profession, you really have to do that. But again, that's what separates strength of the addition coach, especially at the college level, I think, then a lot of other shows, just understand it. All right, so you get to the interview. Just like it's a full-time job. Treat this like it's a full-time job, whether it's a full-time job, it's a GA position or it's an unpaid internship. Dress like your interview and on a position of Wall Street. Dress to a press do not anticipate that it's going to be an athletic laid back background. I don't know. Make sure to get your dressing as, you know, to a press. Remember, names, it's one of those things. I'm terrible at it. A lot of people are maybe repeating the name, maybe associating maybe always looking through a K-H-I know that person is. I would study, find an interview somewhere, I would study, everybody and I love that athletic department. No one is athletic secretary by name when you say a little or, and again, make sure, make sure nothing can creep you, right? If you know everything about everybody, you know, as soon as you get there. But again, doing your research, you know, when Mark Matlack interviewed at the Allegheny for the head football coach, we were a sentence. It's the most impressive thing. He was a shoe and first one because he cared. He had passion for, for Allegheny football, but he also knew that I was a Marine and when he, for some of the interview, and that was something that separated him from all the other candidates. But again, don't try to press what you know. That's the other thing too. Again, I know that, you know, when, when, you know, in terms of come into a position and the head coach, listen, probably know I heard this from Mickey and Roddy would say those interests. I understand you probably have a ton of knowledge of ton of good ideas. I got it. But you need to just, just, you know, coach these kids up and I got your good ideas, but, you know, again, that's, you'll have a ton of place for that. That's not what's going to get you those positions. The things that are going to get you is again, am I going to be loyal? And again, have you, do I care about the athletes? Am I going to, you know, again, sweat and do everything I can to make sure those athletes got everything you need to be successful? And again, just be able to adapt. The biggest thing is, and again, when I got my first position, you know, I went from Mr. you know, west side barbell technique and an implemented these crazy Olympic lifts in there. And I went to the high intensity cap of the world. The first thing I asked me is, is why you doing that? And of course, being the unconscious, I couldn't answer. So, but eventually, we got to the point where doing some of those Astro-Otesis, you know, dynamic effort methods, where you use this in some accommodating resistance. I was the guy to teach Olympic lifts because I'd experienced it to it. But it's one of those things where, you know, I was in a wait room, but I didn't have any bumpers, you know, so I couldn't do it with the lifts. So I better be adaptable enough to say, okay, I can do this instead. The other thing is, when I go somewhere and you have those, the head coach can have any opinion of what? If you're in this game for 23 years, you got your opinions, you got your beliefs, you know, to change. If you're an intern and do this is your first job, your opinions should change based on what you learn. You sure you know enough to really say, okay, um, you know, this is what I believe, and I'm not going to, you know, back to Africa. To say someone to get, you know, you're somewhere where you're working for someone I say Olympic lifts have no place in athletic development. The lot of coach would believe that. And then your next position you go to the next internship or GA you go to is with someone that I like doing Olympic lifts. What do you tell my coach? Now I'm not doing it. Got to believe it? You better be adaptable. You better learn it. So I think it's one of those things, make sure you're adaptable. That's the one thing that I will set you apart. I can do all this stuff. And again, really, especially with the technology, I know how to implement this MHRV techniques. I know how to use the GPS. I know I've used velocity-based systems before and I understand at least how to set them up and try to get that or whatnot. So again, be yourself, right? You can't go back, you know, you can't be someone you're not. And I'll see you right through it. And you're just, you're just selling yourself out because when you do get that position, all of a sudden you're not the same person to get interviewed. And it just, you know, do it your way. Especially when you start to job because again, there's no way that you're ever going to be able to go back to it. And then the last thing is follow-up, same thing, make sure you get your set in HMRV and note you're set in emails out. So, if you're offered a position, here's the thing. If you're offered a position, you have to ask these a couple of things. And again, these are three questions that I like to make sure you get offered a position is maybe an internship. It was a full-time job, whatever, right? A couple of things. Number one. Did you know the salary? You know the salary. You know how much it's going to pay. Right? You know where it's at. You know where it's located. You know where it's at the cross of country. Right? You know that before you even applaud. Now you've got offered a job. Just factors are still said. And, you know, the only other question is, you thought the responsibility was with this, but after the interview they said, well, no, you're going to be in charge of this, this, this. That happened to me. I've taken a position where say, okay, you're also teaching classes too. When you have a full-course loan, I was like, I didn't know that. You know, so we've been in a situation before. But if we need to ask those three things, first of all, first of all, you can, if they offered a position, you have to say yes. Because, again, these are the things you already know. I've had that situation before. I've had, we have a GAs at that end of quite a position because why just it's not enough money. When you took that, you know how much money was when you took the job. So why is it different now? Sometimes it's a fresh from family, sometimes it's just okay. A lot of times, and again, I don't know what's said in my apologize, but we get disappointed in life when our expectations do not be reality. What I thought was going to be like is not what it's like, and we get disappointed. So if those three things, if it is exactly what you thought was going to be, and they didn't move the university, and the pace is saying, you get offered a job. Pretty much going to take it because again, my good friend Sean Grimwell said again, the more positions of more opportunities you pass up, the more going to pass you up in a long run. So again, make sure if you're going to say no, make sure you have a right to read the same note. Why just can't make it happen financially? Well, you knew that, right? You knew that. Let's say, tell you the salary during the interview. Right? Then obviously, that's the situation I've been in that situation when I had it, and now that's out a little. But again, that's one of the things. I've taken a job for, I've taken four time positions for, what is that? I've taken pool full-time positions for 18 grand and move my family across the country for $18,000 a year. So believe me, I understand, I understand by sacrifice. So it's finished up with this. And again, any questions you have on this? I'm sorry. We had some issues with technology here, and just using remote iPhone to do this again. We do these in a future, we're going to be doing some different locations and come up with a little bit better feasible alternative. So the bottom line is again, make sure you note you get into, make sure that you understand the road you have in front of you. And it's one of those, it can happen. This professional will cheer you up and switch you out. If you don't have the 42 to keep going with it, and if you're true to who would you believe in as a person? And if you're in a real right reasons, if you're in, if you're becoming a Australian, the conditioning coach, because you're low to coach. Right? A low of a college-state edition is the best job in the world. Right? That age group is really what I feel is, is somewhere I can connect with. You know, Australian the conditioning is an awesome profession because there's no bullshit. There's no line. It's, you know, again, 100 pounds of 100 pounds for you, for me, five years ago, 10 years from now, it's still 100 pounds. Right? It's just like, just like the quote. And really, there's no line. The stopwatch doesn't lie. You can't, if you have a low-svertical on a team, you have low-svertical on a team. It's like one of those stopwatch sports like swimming or track and field. There's no BS about it. And then coaching is, like Nick St. and says coaching is teaching. And, you know, teaching is just motivating people out of my heart. So it's one of those, one of those very rewarding professions, if you can get through and really separate yourself and other people. If you have questions, again, we'll have a question and answer on the article portion of this video. And again, you can, if you're interested in the industry, you need to contact us at www.letfds.com. We'll help you out anyway you can. So, again, don't forget any of our articles or to comment on this article, go to www.letfds.com. Backslash category is backslash education. So, thank you for listening. I appreciate it. And we'll see you next time when we do different subject. Thank you. Thank you.