Hey everybody, Steve Colskat here for elitefts.com. I'm sending video questions over to Brian Schwab for him to reply back to us. Brian, you've had probably more longevity of anyone that is still competing at such a high level. Can you tell me what type of injuries you've had to overcome? And probably how many meats do you think you've actually done in your career thus far? Steve, I actually haven't really had any serious injuries. I did have a partial pectoral when I first started training, but that was back in around 1995. And at that point, I realized that I had to make adjustments to my training, to prevent that from happening again. I've had the usual shoulder and knee aches and pains, but nothing serious. I've never even had to go in for an MRI. The only I did have a partial bicep tear while I was training for relentless Detroit, but I was able to rehab that enough time to still compete in the meat. So like I said, I've never had any real serious injuries, which I think is a pretty good assignment by training method works. As far as how many meats I've competed in, since I've been competing for almost 20 years at about three months a year, I'd say I've done close to 60 meats. So Brian, how have you managed to avoid any type of career end injury? I think that there are a few reasons why I've been able to avoid injury. One is because I do a very simple cardio warmup before every training session. I do at least a five to ten minute cardio warmup either on the treadmill or a driving the sled, pushing the prowler, any of those just to increase my body temperature, which I think is something that a lot of parlatures tend to avoid. But like I've said in the past a few minutes of that can say you from months or even years of rehab. Secondly, my training method is based off of a gradually increasing range of motion. So you're not continually squatting. To depth or benching off your chest or pulling off the floor every week, you work your way down a box or squatting or use accommodating resistance with bands or chains. Same thing on the bench either. Work your way down the boards or you could use reverse bands or chains accompanying the boards or lastly with the deadlets, you worked your way down blocks down the power rack. And I think that has a lot to do with it. You can overload your CNS through a limited range of motion while reducing the stress on your joints. So that's how I've been able to have such longevity in the sport. And Brian, do you feel that the fact that you are in one of the later weight classes is health-extendure career because there is less strain on your body? No Steve, I really don't think being in a lighter weight class has had anything to do with it. Just for the fact that it's all relative. I've squatted five times body weight. I've benched deadlift at three times body weight. I've totaled almost 13 times body weight. So relatively I'm lifting significant amount over my body weight. So I really don't think that's had anything to do with it. And you do any type of special warm-up or any type of restorative work like foam rolling, massage, active release to help keep your body healthy. Yes, Steve, as I mentioned before, I always perform a minimum of a five-minute cardiovascular warm-up. Usually on the treadmill just because it's the easiest thing to do, but you could also push the parlor or drive the sled, the basic principle of that is just to increase your body temperature before lifting rather than just jumping right into it. Yes, I do foam roll actually. I've graduated the PVC now just because the foam isn't hard enough anymore to loosen me up. Much as I need for it to. I know there's a little bit of controversy around that, but I think that foam rolling is ideal to loosen your muscles without actually stretching them, which will help prevent injury without reducing the stretch reflex. And I also do an isolated warm-up prior to benching with shoulder rotation and prior to squatted and deadlifting with TKE's. And lastly, I do get a massage just a half hour massage every other week, which I think helps to reduce the potential for injury as well.