Everybody, Steve Colzcott here for EliteFTs.com. Doing another segment of video inquisitions with Michael Stechiner. Mike, you trained at Westside. How did that come about? And what time period did this happen? And how long were you there? Westside, Barbara. Well, how did happen? Well, I guess what we'll start with is telling about how I basically got to Westside. I was at that point in the sport for about two years. I've done three meats at that point, a full meat and a two-dollar meat. And at that point what I basically done was, one of my original trained runners, Mike Manzo, showed me a video of Looney Simmons, his squad video. He had won the squad video and he needed to be a look at. And I said, I've got to meet this man. So when I went down to visit Looney, about a month later, I asked him if I transferred to Ohio State and I come to a Westside. He said, yeah, sure. So three months later, when Mr. Sarri and I transferred over there, I came to knock on the Westside's door and that's how I became a member of Westside, Barbara. Of course, the funny part behind the story is, is that Looney says he never really thought I'd come. That's why I didn't tell me it was OK to come and train there. So I guess, he was stopping me for two years. The time period I was there was during the early 90s. I had a wide there in 93 and I was gone in 1995. Midway to 1995 into 96. So I was there for approximately two years. And during the time period that you were there, what type of gains did you make? Where did your total go? Where did your total start out and what did it end up at? When I first got there, my best toll left time was when around 2010 was a thousand pounds. And by the time I left there, I ran around 265. Between 265 and my best toll with that time was 1500s. So I clearly made a tremendous and I had improvement. And I was really on a roll by the time I left there. So it was very exciting to see what I was capable of doing. And lastly, Mike, how has your training evolved since you left the gym there? I guess the best way to tell about how my training is evolved since then really is to kind of take you through a very quick path of where I've been since then. When I left Westside, when I really got Westside, it was the game I powered with and career SWEET, right there, it was only a couple of years later. Therefore, when I left there, I had a rather long record of other gyms and other clubs. I had been a part of from that point to where I am today. So that's not where they simply take you through. When I left Westside, and I came back to your, I ended up going back to our knowledge, I'm in hooking up with Chris Taylor, who during that time frame, basically, I had squat my first 700 pounds with Chris, and I benched in the mid-four as when I was trained with Chris. Then when I moved forward from there, I had begun to train with John Bot. And I was with John for about six years, John and his entire crew, which was a lot of fun. We had a really, really great crew. At that time, I had swaddied mid to upper sevens. I benched my first 500 pounds and I had total by Nastri's total, which on. Then I had relocated Florida at which point a rare train at Southside Borgo Bot Yones. That was the point where I had told my first elite, Amelio Ewit, at 275. And I had also benched 55 when I was at Southside as well. Those were two pretty exciting things. Of course, my delicate gone up in that period of time as well. So, Demela left, I was imploring for about five or six years. No way left, I came back to New York and I started training with John. At which point I had squatting my official first over 800 pounds squat. And I had benched my first 565 bench. And again, I had gotten some small deadlift pears as well. With that said, basically, now that you know the timeline to go into high training as evolved, from where I left Westside to now, I've only stayed with the basic Westside template. The only thing there really changed in this time frame quite frankly, are the fact that when I was at Westside there was no bands, there was no chains, and we did have a model left. So, when I left Westside, I was one of those things began getting incorporated into Westside. Therefore, at that point, I just, you know, I think it's removed forward with the times. The other thing that's evolved in my training is getting to know the gear and learning different types of gear that I had tried to use over the years, as well as most importantly, continue with the panel student of the sport, as I have, learning my body and what works best for me. That's probably the biggest thing that's evolved with my training is, is learning what works for me and learning what doesn't work for me. Because to me, if you don't understand your body, and you understand your leverages and what works for you, you're really never going to be able to evolve in your training. So, that's basically it in a nutshell how my training evolved throughout the years. I can give you an example just with Ben Shirts, when I was studying panel, I was using a denim Ben shirt. Back then, I was using a thumbless grip, and it was a little bit of a higher touch and a straight push. That in years later evolved to using a poly shirt, a full grip with thumb around the bar, and hitting it much lower to the belly and pushing it back and rotating out with your arms. So, let me say, as things evolved and I learned the word, and I learned what was more efficient for my body is how I moved forward in my progression in the sport.