Okay, our next question comes to us from Peter William Pergeth. Peter asks, what do you most recommend for someone wanting to improve their grip on the deadlift? Apparently, that's his weak point and he's finding that compared to a squat his deadlift is not up there. He's tried, you know, uses chalk, mixed grip, various things. Do you have any training suggestions that you might throw this way on the grip? The two things that I've seen work better than anything else for deadlift grip are hex dumbbell holes where you use the dumbbells that are hex shapes so they're not the pro-style dumbbells and then you just hold it and make sure that your fingers are not holding where the numbers are because there's a little indentation in there that allows you for a better grip. So, just grab the 30s, 40s or whatever and hold them for as long as you possibly can, standing. That would be the first thing. That's going to help strengthen the fingers. The other thing is, in an office of life story, you'll find those small binder paper clips, not the ones that slip over the paper, it's a little black ones or I guess you can get purple paint, blue, whatever. And they come in different sizes. You just buy a bag of those and then when you're then work if you have a job or bouncing in an eye club, whatever you have. So, if they're just squeeze them with each one of your fingers like you would do the grippers but you're going to squeeze them and what you want to work on the most is going to be the thumb and the pinky. And try to strengthen that bind there. A lot of guys can't even close that. So the first thing is you've got to be able to build that flexibility in your hand to be able to close it. I know it's cool to have strike by hands and all the other kind of stuff. But the first thing that's going to go in a deadlift is your pinky. Once your pinky goes, everything else just rolls from that. So the stronger you can make the pinky stay shut. That's where those binder clips come in. The stronger the grip is going to be. So those are the only two things that I would ever recommend and it's worth for ninety percent, ninety-nine percent of the people that I've ever suggested deadlift and grip training for. Ripped training for other sports, football, wrestling and so forth and then you can get into things like rice and all kinds of other stuff. But specific to the deadlift I would stick with those two. What are your thoughts on the hook grip? Was that prominent earlier in your lifting grip? It's always been around and I tried it a few times and it hurts like hell. I can never get it to work and I try hard and it's. I never really had a grip problem in Louis I said this because my deadlift wasn't big enough to have one. But one time I missed the deadlift because of my grip and that was sucked because it would be a big PR but that's what Louis told me. Because I asked one of my, how did I miss that? Because it came up easy and he says, well you weren't strong enough until now to have a grip problem. So that's when I started messing around with the hook grip and I know people have a lot of success with it but I just, maybe I'm a plus but I could not get over the pain of doing it. So that's my only experience with it. I can't really give much more than that. That'd be a good question to throw out to go against, I think that he's messed with it and used it quite a bit and he's used about every grip possible so he'd be a, maybe I just didn't know what I was doing. I don't know. Okay.