Mark Wastley at DS.com. I'm here at the Spot Athletics. Here with Jail Holds, Ruth, Zach Gaumann, and Nick Bronkel. And we're going to talk today about is some squat progressions. Any time we have young athletes that come into our facilities, the biggest issue is getting those athletes to be able to squat properly and coming up with some strategic plan to get them to execute that proper technique. And there's a bunch of different ideas and different stages of that progression that we're going to talk about today. So Jail, start with you. What's the number one thing that you, the first thing that you want to do with that progression? And really, to back up, what are you looking for when an athlete comes in and squat? So the biggest thing for us, first thing when an athlete comes in, we've taken through an assessment. So as our big thing, I think that that's one of the things I never understood that, you know, people do free trials for a day and then they come in, they run a bunch of kids through and they do the same thing. They have no clue what's going on with the kids, they just made them sweat of your entire. So we bring every kid in, they have to do an assessment first. So we know what those issues are coming in. We put them on the sheet, we put them in categories. So we know where they got to start on our progression. So a young kid comes in, they're like a baby deer, they're never done anything before. And that's going to be Zach for this case. We're going to start them off with a wall squat. We're going to make sure that they understand how to keep their chest up knees up. So we're going to bring Zach over here, kind of showing. So Zach's are, you know, 12 year old kid who's never done anything. He's got a beard, buys beard, 12, it's great for everybody. So first thing we're going to do, we're going to teach him where to put his hands, put the barn is back. So when we're doing this, the big thing, if you got to remember like these kids have never done anything before. So it's just teaching them, you know, showing them, okay, up, you know, right here where you have this nice, great traps for 12 year old. And then, not up here on your neck. Just teach you know, bar placement. So starting with the PVC, we start, we teach him where we want that bar because when you get, you know, 225 pounds on there, we want to make sure the good placement. So we start from day one with PVC, shown on placement. Then what we do is we make sure we get them close to the wall, but six years away from the wall. So now, big thing from the wall, we joke around with little kids, it's telling them we don't want you eating the wall. So teach them how to keep that chest up, knees out. So he's going to squat down. We're going to talk to him about going down. Sitting is butt back is big cues for us. All of our athletes, whether they're 8 or 18, they know the first movement in the squat is butt back. So we're teaching butt back, knees out, chest up. We're going to have him come down. And so a lot of times what's going to happen, the first thing you're going to see with young athletes like this, they're really poor hip engineers, and you see this with young athletes all the time. They just don't know how to hinge. So the first thing you're going to see is there's going to bend right over and try to head butt the wall and knees are going to pop forward. So we like this drill especially for those type of kids because they really get some theory. So go ahead, do a couple of good wall squats, Zach. So great. So he's 12. He's a wonderful athlete and he's graduated already. So it's great. So nice job Zach. So next thing we do with our athletes, you know, that assessment puts a swearrat. We don't have too many of our athletes start with this drill, but it's a great regression. So you have someone who's been squatting for 10 years who has really poor mobility and they're not really understanding positions and squatting or breaking them back down. This is a nice thing for a guy like that or really young kid. Well, you mess around with how close they are to the wall or where the bars place where you have them overhead or I won't have them overhead especially for young athletes. They're way too weak to maintain those positions. Overhead squats part of what we do in our assessment. So we're going to already see how they are through that. But in this drill especially, we want them to understand where they should be in the squat, the butt moving back, the knees stand out, the chest stand up. All those big cues that we use all the time, when we're teaching a squat, no matter what level we're teaching it. Next thing we move to is the box squat. Again, it's again to help them teach them how to sit back, how to maintain position. So we're just graduating over there from the wall and now we're coming over here and we want to use that exact same cues that we use down the wall. So if XXR athlete, I'm going to take the PVC from them. So again, same thing. I'm going to have them use about a shoulder width stance or a little wider. When we're teaching our athletes a squat, I like telling you know, toes slightly out so they can get a little more glue to activation. Most of these kids have really, really weak hips. So for here, we're going to use the exact same cues. Knees out, chest up, sit back. And so we want them to control to the box. I always tell them, if there's a thumb tack on the box, you should be able to stop right before you touch that thumb tack. So you want that kind of control. So that's kind of something kids can understand. I've never really put a thumb tack under there, although it might be funny to do. We'll try it with you, Mark. So go ahead, Zach wants you to sit back and sit on that box. Keep those knees out. Good. Nice job. Come on up. Now one of the big things we're going to see. So that's a little high for Zach. But one of the big things we're going to see with kids is let's say, and I'll just take these out. This is a big issue. So Zach's really, really weak in his hamstrings. So he's going to get to about there and he's going to plop. So that's very basic one. So after queuing, obviously queuing is the biggest fix for these things that get some through. But if queuing doesn't work and they're not understanding it, and it's just simply a weakness issue, not just a motor pattern issue, because we can have, we've had an athlete that come in here, they look awful, and in five minutes it's beautiful. Now if we stopped at awful and just said, oh, they're awful, and this, this, this is wrong, and didn't go through that queuing progression and take time to teach, because a great athlete may have never done a movement, but they have similar motor patterns already developed. So once you relate it to them and queue it to them, then all of a sudden they go from an overhead swap that looks like they're the worst athlete in the world to their superstar. And so you gotta make sure you go through those queues and you have great queues so that and they can relate to every age. But if they're really just weak and I can't queues that to stop ploppin, then I'm going to build them up. Now we've had athletes, you know, in here, that quite frankly we're so weak, that was our start point with them. Body weight, because they literally couldn't control to anything lower than that. Their hamstrings were so weak. So we can build that up. The great part about this is if they can't control with their body weight, they surely aren't going to be able to control their swap with weight. So we can build this down. So now we're not going to take exact until he can get to parallel under control. We're not going to take exact to the next step. The next step for us is going to be grab a kettlebell, going to a goblet squat on the box, and this progression, it's very, very simple. I think most people have this kind of progression they use with teaching younger athletes how to squat. But it's also useful for your older athletes as warm-up drills to just ingrain those patterns again. So with Zach, he gets to this point very quickly. And honestly, in our assessment, if someone, if Zach really was, 12-year-olds came in, I would never have them do these drills because he looked great, doing everything already. So we're progressing right on to our last step would be, let's see how it's squat looks. Let's see how it's regular squat looks. A lot of times I think people screw this up, they go, oh, we have this progression. We have to take everyone through the progression. No, you don't because that's a waste of time for a great act. I made a mistake before by trying to do too many things with that. And it was just, I tried to address the 10% and it wasn't really necessary. So I, and that's the one thing that you know, a lot of time, especially in a teen setting, you see a lot of issues from your, your athletes who are your lowest level athletes. And then you put a progression in to get your lower level athletes up. And then all you did was make your better athletes worse by wasting time training and on stuff they didn't need. We ever do anything where you start from the bottom like, you know, because once sometimes when an athlete, if I've never been able to get lower to a squat, I don't even know what a bottom of a squat should feel like. I mean, have you guys seen that when you start a math the bottom and have them with just their feet and have them so they know what that position should feel like? So Nick, I'll have you. So we do have some athletes who really have trouble hitting death. So one, you know, I'll have Nick kind of address some of the ways we do to get our athletes to get to that. So namely, like, we're going to use some plates under the heels and we're going to use some counterbalance. So Nick, I'll have you kind of demonstrate like play them into the heels, counterbalance stuff like drills that we do with kids. And, and it's funny when we work with kids, these things come out like magic. And parents think we're magicians. It's freaking awesome. But, you know, we'll take a kid who, you know, they're squat, they're squat depth. So squat to like, you know, five inches above parallel or whatever. That's like everything. We'll be like, go lower. I can't go and they're literally, their patterns are so poor. So, and their shootin' their knees forward, everything's awful. So you can do this on a box that depends what point and the progression. But, you know, basically, if we kick, if we kick as heels out, what we automatically create is a hinge. Because now he's going to have to sit his butt back right away. It's going to give them, it's going to give him better range of motion. He'll be able to get lower. So if you, and if you have ankle mobility being the element of factor, that will really take care of that. It helps with ankle mobility, but honestly, a lot of kids in this, this is one thing. So we know that when we squat all the way down in the bottom, that's when our glutes are really, really going to be pumping hard. One of the things is some of these kids are glutes are so weak that if you put them flat, their body stops them. So it's a functional limitation. So for us, like, how do we get a rid of that functional temptation? So a great way, like I know, a great drill I've seen you use before is on the rack. So kind of show that one. So this drill relates to this, it's just a different way of doing this. We say have our athletes getting a bond position. Then they can really feel what that position is going to feel like. And they go through their cues, wherever cues you're going to use, shoulder blades, back pockets, whatever. And then we just try to have them let go right before they stand up. And they'll feel like they're going to fall back on their heels, but a lot of times it just, it, at least it ingrained that I'm trying to push through my entire foot and really because they've never been able to activate where they're supposed to activate with the glutes. So just have them in that position and then chast have them stand up and let go right before they stand up. And that was a way kind of similar to the box. So what we do with that go ahead, put the plates in. So with, with Nick, not leave that there. So with Nick facing the box. And this is one we'll do a lot of times like this will be like more of an adult population. Sometimes it's our kid population. It's teaching them how to do it. It's the same thing because really all you're doing there is creating a mechanical advantage with a counterbalance. So Nick go ahead, heels on the plates. So we have them hold the 10 pound plate out. So you're going to hold the 10 pound plate out in front of them. Now what's going to happen with this is when he squats all the way to the bottom, he's creating that counterbalance. It's just like hanging on to the rack. But now he's got to set that down on the box, hold that for a second and then come up out of that position. So go ahead. So he's coming down, he's holding great position. Now here's what's going to happen with a lot of kids who don't understand how to control this. They're going to release this way and they're going to fall backwards. And so what we want to do is be able to release the weight, sit, come up, and under control. So basically instead of using the rack, we'll use a plate as counterbalance. We'll use this to help them with their depth. I really find especially with our female athletes that just some heels under the plates, they're already really, really quad dominant and so they try to use all quads. If we put the plates under the heels, now even though that does kind of lend to a little more quad, they can sit back more, they can get all mechanically, they're in a better position. Mechanically, they're in a better position. Now they can get all the way down. Their body doesn't give them that functional limitation of stopping that bit parallel or above parallel allows them to get that deep squat. Now when they get all the way in the bottom, their glutes have to engage more. So even though that's something where someone would say, you're putting more on their quads, no, because we're allowing them to hit that deep position and allowing their glutes to function to get them out of that position. Okay, so once you're through some of these progressions, what's the first thing? I mean, now do you have what you talked about previously the front squat? What's the first thing when you add a ball, you're done with the kettle bow, you're done with the gobletype? What do you go to next? So we would take the box away and keep them in goblet to make sure that the pattern's good without because we all know, you know, the box squat, I love the box squat because it teaches it gives a great depth, you know, indicator. It gives a more hamstring and glutex-based by teaching them how to set back properly. But one of the problems is you take the box out and if someone's only used to only doing boxes, I've seen people where they're like, oh, I've only box-quadded my whole life because it's the greatest. Well, the box squat is a great for an athlete to be able to go through some hamstrings, but it's awful if you want to be better at the squat because you have to get the squat pattern down and if you've never done it, especially as a young athlete, you need to learn how to squat without a box. Especially as a young athlete because almost every sport you're in, you're going to squat. And so once we pull that box out, we want to make sure that they understand that yes, on the box, we want you sitting all the way back on a box squat, but when you're squatting your first movement's back, but then you have to go down because if you keep sitting back without the box, you fall on your butt. So that's one thing. So when we take that out, we want to explain to them that they understand so that movement pattern stays great, but now it is a little bit of different of a pattern. So we have to make sure they're good on a goblet before we take them to a bar. So for us, we say 35 pound kettlebell. That's like where we are before we want to move them to bar. Now, our younger kids, we have 25 pound bars that we use for our younger kids. So then for those kids, it's a 20 pound kettlebell for the goblet and then we'll move them to a 25 pound bar. So, but for, you know, a big 12-year-old like Zach here, like that he was going to start at 225 no warm-ups. So, but so Zach's going to come on in and so he'll do our front squat. So, one of the big things, well, that's all. So one of the big things with the front squat, I think, is that people, again, you know, one of my biggest concerns and butty biggest issues with with young athletes, no posterior chain. And everybody says that and everybody knows it, but the front squat, the thing about the front squat is kids, they can't keep their chest up because typically a lot of wheat glute. So what we want to do, we put them in that front squat position, they have to keep their chest up. They have to keep their chest up. So Nick, when we see kids front squats, what are a couple of issues that you see that we have to fix? Coalition that we usually see with the front squat, it is getting them in a position of comfort too. The Canadian comfort one of the bar, they don't, there's two ways to do it. So, really they do the hands cross position or we have to be teaching a good rack position. We don't like to fight on with it because they're not Olympic lifters. So if they don't are in a comfortable and a rack position, we'll put them in an arms cross position. And then another thing is just getting that weight in a good position up here because when they, if they have the bar sit too low, that one they go down in the bars and a poem forward. Biggest thing is keeping the cues consistent from the wall all the way through and just having the kids just chest up and he's out, hips back, gets a dab and then come up. One thing we did, I know that for, especially for beginning athletes that never squad before, we had to use it at PVC by her hands free just because a lot of times when they had their elbows bent they didn't. So we'd have them the same thing with her hands up like they're driving a car, with their steering wheel. Now that was a visual cue because if they did come down, if their chest came forward, their arms come forward, it's really now they can keep that and wherever that PVC pipe would roll, they would actually keep that up. And so I know that we use that too as in. So when you're talking about like, and this is just, obviously we all have our different things, but like I don't like that drill. So one of the reasons I don't like that drill is because I can put, if I'm already to the point in the progression where I'm doing a friend's spot, I can put for a 12 year old exact, I can put a 25 pound bar in his front, or 45 pound. Now we can get some sets of 10 with some decent volume. So now you just practice. That's almost a regression back. That might be somewhere that goes to the wall. Exactly. That would be something you know, you could start with a seven year old, but again, anything where I can moderately load and get a training effect in the same type of drill where I would use PVC. I think that's one of my big issues today in today's world. Everybody's so worried about these progressions and we're glad you hear it all the time. At a certain point, you just got to lift weights. And a lot of these kids, there's a lot of issues. Strength fixes a ton of things, especially for younger athletes. If you're talking about you know, 17, 18 year olds and younger. Now if we're talking about you know, 30 year old NFL players, we're talking that's different. But for younger athletes, strength fixes a lot. We a lot of people that do a lot of technique work with a PVC pipe and it's almost like that, you know, how you can throw a whiffable ball farther than a baseball. And it's one of those things that it's almost inhibits technique because of just not enough load to do it. So. And that's the thing is it's we talk about fire fire mechanics. So, you know, if I'm going to swing a golf club and I'm going to wait the end of it with 10 pounds. Now it just shows up my whole firing pattern. So the same thing here, I need you know, my young athletes to put that 25 pounds on their shoulders and feel what it's like to keep their or chest up to keep everything tight. And a PVC, they don't have to keep everything tight, because especially a young athlete with great lack, you know, flexibility, great shoulder mobility, they can go like this and bend over like this and still keep it up. With a 25 pound bar, now all of a sudden we got a little more skin in the game. They're getting a decent amount of volume out of that. And if they do drop, it's not, they can't just keep it up with their arms because it's too heavy to make that. So that's just kind of, you know, our philosophy moderately low, those type of things. Obviously, you know, it's X first, they squat, we're not gonna, you know, take them to one rep match. Obviously. So ZAC has great front squat. So one of the things, so when we look at the front squat, so ZAC obviously is using that progression, you know, is using double over instead of a rack position. So teaching the kids simple things. So I think this is one of the biggest things if you're gonna be teaching young athletes too, is simple like how to un-rack the bar, how to re-rack the bar. So we just tell our kids that never try to set it in here every time you got to hear the clang before it comes down. And so those are things. The other thing, and I think this is just an important for our young athletes, we're talking about progression, is if you guys come in together, we're gonna teach you how to spot. Obviously, a front squat, you're not gonna spot, but you're gonna help him walk it in so that it doesn't bounce out of the J-hooks. So teaching those young athletes, one of the big things is huge for us here. We don't wanna train athletes, we wanna teach athletes how to train. And so for us, we can take our older athletes, put them with the younger athlete, and tell okay now you need to show them how to do this, because teaching is learning twice. So we want our athletes to be able to, for instance, we have athletes from Brazil and right now that don't speak English. So we have one athlete who speaks English and Portuguese, and I speak a little bit of Portuguese. So I can coach the lifts enough, like chest up is pay-to-part, pay-to-part prize, and like all stuff, like I can do little, simple like phrases, right? So, but I can't speak, I can't explain everything. We're talking about posterior training and all that, but what I can do is I can have V-tore show them and that athlete speaks athlete, and he can look at that and he knows. Good analogy. So those are the things we wanna do with our athletes. This is not just a simple matter of, can we teach Zachotta Squat, can we teach him how to train, and how to show other athletes? So if you can do that, now we know he's got it mastered and you can move on. Well, hey, I appreciate that. That was those great information for anybody that's trying to get their athletes to improve and to wait for him, so appreciate it. All right, thanks, Mark.