I think that you have a lot of people that would never have gotten involved in lifting that are now. Because of the internet, Google, Science, The situation that's going on right now, you have to, They're like reading 10,000 things about lifting before they've ever touched a fucking barble. You know, like I said, you're scared. They're just too scared, but you're scared to go into that line. They won't be comfortable. Because they're winners, you know what I mean? Music Keyhole, blah, blah, that's a very intense environment. I'm a big proponent of intense environments for training. One of the best gear power left is the balltime, Great Pinalera. He talks about when he was at Westside. He didn't even follow Westside. He didn't even do the program. He never did speedwork. It was the environment. It was just that. You have to be around intense people. In a competitive environment. It's a scary place. I made Keyhole, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. The color scheme is gray and black, and that looks scary as soon as you walk in. And if you're not cold with that, leave. You know, I think the way that the lifters are, Everybody's jacked. You know what I mean? Everybody looks like they lift. And it's because of the way we train. You know, my program, that's all my program. There's a lot of high-purchive few stuff in there. But I've been able to work it in there in such a way that it doesn't have a negative effect on the strength component. You know, so you're able to make consistent progress in power lifting and females too. You know, a lot of females are doing really good. You know, if you look at a lot of the bigger names now are doing my stuff. Female, as far as I could. Focusing too much on just strictly strengthening apps through the strength training is not a good idea. Every one, there's no other choice. You do my stuff for you, leave. My, and the thing is I do do I ever use other programs? Very rarely, yes. You know, if I think that there's an application for it, I'll use a more dialed back program. You know, something that's maybe like a 5-3-1 type set up for somebody who's recovering from something. You know what I mean? But in my opinion, it's not enough. My opinion training is artistry. You know what I mean? It's an art. It's not a science. I mean, there's certainly scientific components to it but to make a program that moves someone to improve. You have to be an artist. It's art. It's like music. It's a song. It's a band. You have to be able to connect with the person. And the program is set up to keep you interested and keep you involved. The reason that people are able to consistently improve with my method is they're interested in it. Every time they train, they have a goal. Okay? And there's, like for example, with many reps as possible, set them all up. You're trying to beat basically rep PRs from before. And you're doing that. You're already very fatigued going into that. You know, so the mindset that you have to develop to do that, you become very connected to the program. You know what I mean? That's how. I mean, you have to be intense. Like if you see me training, I'm a different person when I'm training. You know what? I'm pacing in my zone. It's me. I'm the one that I got to beat. You know what I mean? That's the one focused on. You know, what I'm training, I'm just came and see anything else. I try to be polite. You know, I want to be. I'm not trying to be a dick. If someone comes over and talks to acknowledge them, but I'm not even, I don't even know what's going on around me. I'm only thinking I'm focused on if I'm benching that to me. And I know there's that bench there. I know I'm at the best in the world. You know, my heart, I believe I can be. I don't believe that anymore. I'll stop. Yeah.