All right guys, I'm here with John Meadows. He's does my training and diet and we thought it would be interesting to have him make the next round of adjustments on film so you can kind of see what's going on. It's the diet basically changed from not completely eating my crap, you know, probably before this. I let my weight get up close to 275 out of six or seven meals were good, the other ones weren't so good. So we're locking it in to bring my body fat down a little bit. I've been following this plan here for two three weeks gone from 270 to 10.5% body fat using seven-site skin fold to 9.5 way into 66. So the training's already been changed. That's gone from five way training days per week to seven. So we'll not discuss that. And we'll just go over whatever changes if any need to be made with the diet protocol that we have here. So I'll let John kind of go on from here. The first question I have for him would be, since we have seven way training days per week. And this diet plan here has five days for training days and two days for non-training days is what am I going to do with that? Yeah, so the two days that we have for non-weight days is out the window. That doesn't exist anymore. So now our template is only a weight training day because again we're hitting seven days a week. Dave's recovery through his nutrition has gotten better and better and better and better. So this is a good move to increase volume. His joints are as good as they've been. So we're going to hit this seven day template now. We're going to hit the training day template all seven days. Any changes as far as to the macro levels here. So we had two to three weeks where Dave lost. Was it three or four pounds? And something like a percent body fat. I want to accelerate that just a little. I don't want to make too many changes because just the fact that we're going to seven days of training will result in more fat loss. Having two days where you don't train with weights and do cardio. Contrary to what people think the cardio will not burn more fat. The new plan was seven days away training and no cardio will burn more fat. So I'm going to make very, very minimal changes here because I think just the fact that you're going to seven days of weights is going to keep fat burning. I just want to accelerate it just a little bit more. So basically I'm just going to remove 200 calories. We're going to work in 200 calorie increments. The easiest way to do that is going to be with one of the carb meals that are in here. So if you figure 200 calories, you know 50 grams of carbs. So we're going to take out 50 grams of carbs out of two of these meals. We're going to take 25 grams of carbs out of one meal and 25 grams of carbs out of the other meal. I don't want to pull them all out of one meal because I want. Dave has actually has a really fast metabolism. I mean, we're up over 35 hundred calories now. So I don't want to take carbs out of his meals period. I'd rather spread it out and take a little out of each meal because Dave actually feels better with carbs in every meal. So that's what we're going to do. We're going to reduce 200 calories. 25 grams of carbs out of one meal. 25 grams of carbs out of another meal. It will not be via his period workout nutrition. That's key. The pre-interampose workout nutrition. We won't touch carbs. You need carbs. Carbs will not make you fat. Don't think for one second that the carbs you eat after training or during training or before training. You want to make you fat. That's not the case. So we're going to take meals outside of the Perry window and I really don't care what they are. I prefer to be the furthest away from the Perry workout protocol. So let's say you work out in the morning and meal one two and three or your pre-interampose. Then you'd want to take carbs out first away. So it'd be me evening. If I subversa if you train in the evening, we would want to take carbs out early in the day. So we want to take carbs out from when you're not around weight training. So that's what we're going to do. One of the issues that I had going through this here is based upon my work schedule. There's most of the time I tried to make sure I'm training between 130 and 2 in the afternoon. But there are the times that I won't be able to get out here until 530 or 6. So what I've been doing is just taking basically any of these meals down here and throwing them here. So it's still every 2 and a half, 3 hours. Are there, because some of these meals here are lower in carbs. Do I want to have the lower carbs before this? What should I put in the replace of this? Because there's only one meal before that. How should I move it if my training has to come back? So the way you should look at your meal plan for the day is most of your success is going to be around that Perry workout protocol. So whenever you train that includes pre, enter, and post training. So wherever you put your workout for the day, whether it's first thing in the morning, the middle of the day, the afternoon, you move the Perry workout piece to accommodate your training. So if normally you workout early in the day and we have a setup here. So it's early in the day. If you have to workout later in the day, it's like an Excel spreadsheet. You know when you do a cut, you just cut it and then you insert it down to where you would train. And then let all the other meals just fall into place. Yeah, but you put this one here for a reason to, you see what I'm saying. Which one? This is first meal here. You kept down. Yeah, the first meal day first meal I do have is no carbs. This is not part of the Perry workout part of the way. Yeah. I vary on what I do with people in this meal varies. You know, a lot of people think that you wake up first thing in the morning. You grow insulin sensitive. So you want to shove some carbs in your, because your muscle cells are already took set glucose. The problem is that's also true for your fat cells. The way that you have kind of preferential insulin sensitivity in muscle cells is due training. So a lot of times what I'll do with people is I'll pull carbs out of their first meal. Just because you're, you're fat cells again are also sensitive. Now some people have great metabolism. I don't even do that. So, but I think they've likes a little bit more in evenings. Most people do. I would rather take carbs. I guess this is the secondaries. And I would rather take carbs out of somebody's first meal. And people, people typically do really well with fats early in the day. Where people struggle in evenings is with lower carbs. You know, they feel like a truck in them. Why do you feel like every cover and sleep better having a little bit of carbs before I go to bed? Absolutely. You know, carbs will help with serotonin release. We'll help you sleep. There's nothing worse than laying in bed. Steering at the ceiling. Starving for carbs. And you don't need to do that. It's completely unnecessary. You can take carbs out of your first meal. And when you feel good and put them in your last meal. It's a complete mess that you should call your carbs out of evening. You know, that's just, it's one of the things over the years. I use I think that. But just through the years, you know, you just kind of see things over and over and patterns and you realize. And maybe that wouldn't turn. Now the only day that I do feel like I need to change this is today, which is like day. Yeah. Well, I do stick in 50 grams of carbs because there is. And I don't have any other day. I will have two meals before I actually come into the training. And on this day, I don't. You know, there's just that one and I don't want to get up any earlier to get another one in there. So that's the second day of thanks. That answers that. The other question I have is, there's no mystery to you or anybody else that I've been training for a very, very long time. Training seven days a week. And, never, there is going to be a time where I'm going to have to take a day off. It could be after 14 days, 10 days. It's that day will be when I feel that I need it. I can't really define to the listeners or even to John. He already knows when I'm talking about your body. My body is going to tell me when I need to take a day off. Yeah. When that comes, do I go on this or stay with this? You go back to the template for non-way training. All right. Now some of the training days there are. I don't want to say they're easy, but it's a little bit. It's a one more pumping day. So in essence, I really shouldn't need to have to take a day off because those are going to serve more as recovery. Or feed or work out than anything else. One difference that I've done this time around compared to all the other diets that I've been on and people that I've worked with is I've stocked exactly to what's here. You know, I haven't replaced it with the subway chicken breast fight red or any of that other kind of stuff. And I'm not going to lie. It was a little, it was a little harder getting used to it the first couple weeks because then you get used to the foods and it's fine. So, you know, beef and rice and that kind of crap. And it's not, it's not, it's not very hard. You know, John understands I'm not training for a show or any of that kind of stuff. So there is some things in here. Actually, there's going to be one thing in here. We're going to have to know it's on this day. So it doesn't matter. There are some waffles in here that we're nice to have. But, you know, there's some things in there that kind of keep some sanity, you know, as well. So there's nothing in here that's really all that hard to do. The only thing that I've done if it's not home and butter is just going to be regular organic butter, you know, so any of the exchanges that I have made would be instead of chicken. It's going to be fish or turkey, shrimp, turkey, I mean, that type of stuff. If I try to have, there's one egg meal. There's one chicken meal. There's one meat meal. You know, sometimes I'll trade out the meat with egg meal, which is going to drive the fats. It's actually not, it's not going to be the only time to do the fats is if it's replacing it with a chicken meal. But I'm not too concerned about that. It's the protein's the protein I assume. Yeah, I mean, you varieties are good thing. So what we do is, like if we say eight ounces of cooked lean meat, so that can be chicken, that can be turkey, that can be fish. And, you know, we'll let Dave pick out what he wants to eat. It doesn't matter if you need a turkey, a turkey, we want variety. If we have oats, but Dave feels like a sweet potato that day, as long as the calories are the same well-park, it doesn't matter. A good clean carb source, a good clean protein source. I mean, that's the key.