More vlogs, midfts.com, I'm senior at Showtime Strength Performance and Newarko High with our Nick Schoeman. Nick has been a friend of mine for a long time. Actually, it was one of my assistants. And just about a year ago, it opened up the facility. It's been about a year now. Talking about what you've learned in that first year of operating, operating your business here. The first thing I learned, Dave Tade, I heard a talk about it. I think at the NSA State Clinic was the last year. Two years ago, years ago. Everything, if you expect something, it's going to take twice as long. And you'll get, I think, a 10 or 20% of what you expect. So, whether that's, I expect this Minneapolis to start on this day, or I expect to have this, you know, set financial situation. It always takes longer, and it's never a smooth sailing. So, in a business, you just have to learn to take the highest with the lowest, and that wants to know, you know, be happy with what you're doing. Well, you certainly have a lot of clients here. And that client basically, you have right now a span from eight year olds all away up to seven year olds. What are your training for law school so far? How do you kind of keep that all a check for? Because you have such a variety of clients. I mean, within either half of these, I wouldn't say I follow the joke and it's tier system, but I do use full body training system, you know, one day total body one day of lower upper, so on. But you always have to train, I mean, the athletes are pretty much always in season. There's, you know, it's cheesy, it sounds all there is no off season, like now, no, there isn't. So, you know, you have to take, like right now, I have my main athlete base as probably softball and I have my goals. I train a lot of different softball players, they're really just now getting into their season. You know, football, school ball, but now they're starting summer college. It's cool, all of you. Not many of them. I mean, one girl has 12 games this weekend. So, you know, so this is pretty much great season training. Check. Check. And, you know, it's still nice because I still have that window from Monday through most Friday's. So, it's not that little different than school ball, where it's Tuesday Thursday Saturday. I got you. You know, plus practice every day. So, I guess that I think that's how it's always like, it'll practice. Right. So, you know, they still have time to come here and everything. But the main thing, you know, are you squatting or energy, are you pressing, pull, you know, very cool for a day's season. You know, it's all about balancing. You know, the softball people are always looking nervous about different, you know, the ability to choose and so on. The coaches will be there. Yeah. So, you just have to, you know, they have to trust you or mean, you know, enough to create that balanced athlete. Right. So, I don't do the lower body one day, but after the body one day, I just, I don't have time. Because I don't know, even if I schedule someone, I don't know, first save the next time. Don't be here. Sure. You know, have a lot of other things going on. So, it's hard to kind of balance. Yeah. So, what would you say was a main takeaway and the main thing that didn't, when, when after, comes here a short time, what is the main thing that you want them to leave you with after training training with you? Well, I want them to be happy. I mean, if they're not happy training, that sucks me and it sucks for them. I'm not going to help me or show them time to train people for a month. I think it's miserable training someone who does it on a train. It says, okay. Two, I want them to be stronger. Strength, especially if you've athletes is such an underdeveloped thing, especially if you're going to be a little bit more active, especially now with so many travel sports and the technical skills that are the general preparation is an even above. So, now if I can take, you know, save the training age of someone in zero, but I can give them to where they're squatting and pressing their full. So, they're better after you're moving, they're absolutely. So, you know, it's not about, I can ask a 400 pounds squat. I mean, that's, I'm sorry, I think, they don't. Yeah, it's about what they can do on. Yeah. If someone wants to get a whole, what's the best way in sports? You get a whole, you know, that's for us in website Twitter, Facebook, how do you get the goal? It's the website of the STUKE. The website is STUKE.com. My email is linked at showtimestrength.com. It's a grant, I think, it's actually a timestrength. Twitter is happening soon. So, I appreciate it, thank you for that.