Music Mark Wassley at TS.com. I'm here at 11 athletics in Columbus, Ohio. And this is part of our Sports Performance Coach Education series. We're going to talk about four-step process to make your training session more productive. This is something a process that comes, stands back from educational models. And hopefully this will give you some different strategies. Maybe just a different viewpoint how to get more out of your training sessions. Whether you're in a private setting, semi-private or if you're with a large group setting. So with this four-step process, starting with the initial setting objectives. And this is really going to detail with this, but just really establishing your expectations for the training session. And obviously this can go through with setting expectations for the entire training cycle that you're going through. But the next part is the preparation of the planning. And really, you know, there's an old Woody Hayes quote, if you have an hour long practice, you should be meeting for two hours to prepare for it. And that is somewhat true. The more you can prepare for something, obviously, the better you can overcome some of those obstacles that come up. You know, because again, training sessions, you know, you know that there's always going to be issues that come up. The next part is the actual instruction, the demonstration, the actual process of teaching those individuals which you want. And then the last part is the evaluation. And that evaluation being very important and being very creative on how you evaluate of the task at hand. And then at the end, we're going to talk about how this whole cycle goes both directions. So talk about the objectives. And again, what are your expectations for the training session, which is vitally important when you're, you know, this is something that I think we get as coaches. We get too sucked into the, here's the work out. Let's get the athletes in and out. I know I was in that situation. We'd have athletes coming in with large teams and large groups and multiple groups at one time. And you're trying to get just get them to get through the work out and get out. And I think one thing that can help you is just establishing those objectives. What are you trying to accomplish? Not only as the athlete has the team, but also as a coaching staff too. So looking through again, which are technical goals? Are you trying to improve technique? Are you introducing a new movement? Are you trying to get them better proficient at a specific skill set for that training session? Do our squats look better? And it doesn't have to be, it can be, it doesn't have to be quantitative all the time. We could just be, hey, listen, we look more explosive when we're doing our changing direction drills. We look better when we're doing our over and press tough. Whatever it may be, the second part is the performance goals. And again, with the performance goals, you know, and again, are we hitting our numbers? And this will all kind of come get full circle here. But again, our hit our numbers, are we, and again, it could be just, you know, are we with our questionnaires? Our RPEs are off for, we're just not feeling it, but really, you know, performance wise. Are we doing what is prescribed in our program? And then the last is the tempo goals and tempo meeting exercise density. Are we doing what we need to do in terms of getting through the work out? Are we having any kind of law jams at certain areas, you know, or we have a, we have a good flow from space to space inside the weight room. And those are the things that you have to evaluate as the coaching staff as well too. So going through, the next part is preparation. And this is really something that we get into that situation where we just don't have time to plan a training session. Because they're back to back to back to back to back. And the last thing we want to do at the end of the day is keep your staff there for longer. So sometimes that has to happen early in the morning, sometimes it happens to happen on a fly. But really, the more you can prepare for a different training session, the better. And some things that help those are just a setup. Whether we have all your pre-hats, stuff set up, whether having your foam roller set up in a certain area, just getting all your equipment set up, the way it needs to be, all the chains, you know, set up in a certain way or bands. Whatever it may be, but just everything's so things flow. And when you have to see what's ahead of them, a lot of times they're going to be, they're going to start to prepare with the task as it hand. So it only has things written down, but things are just physically set up the way they need to be in order to facilitate a more productive workout. The next part is just a sign. And this is something that we did is really a sign training groups by a couple of different factors. Number one, maybe it's experienced. Maybe you want to match up a younger athlete with an older athlete. Maybe you want to get the strongest athletes all together. So they have less weight change. And again, their pace is going to be a little bit different if they have to do one warm-up sets to work up to a certain weight. So really just taking through and looking all the numbers that are on the sheets and just basically signing those these four guys. These five guys, whatever it may be, they're going to be on this rack. Also, you know, another thing would be just set them up by height. That happens for a lot of sports like basketball or volleyball, where you just have some discrepancies and heights, football is another one. So again, setting those athletes up, you know, by height, all of a sudden that changes a lot when you're talking about just, you know, having where the j-hooks need to be set up in the rack. So those are type of things that are signing those athletes to those particular groups. It can really help and it can also, you know, you can rotate those up through to, to to to keep things things a little more fresh with that. And the last part is competition. And again, just make sure things are organized. If you're doing speed groups and you're doing any kind of competitive drills. If you're doing any kind of like we do a strong man grant free being organized on how those athletes are going to do. Those athletes are going to be placed as far as the order as far as who's matched up with who and just be basically getting that, making sure that the athletes know what they're expected and what is expected of them is vitally important. So the next part is actually the instruction and again, I always just something I got from Jeremy Boone was the five ease and I just love it because I think it's very important. But when you're looking through it again, you know, creating the environment of of, you know, when you're going through the actual, you know, work out the actual training session. Make sure that the, the, the, the, the athletes are in an environment where they're ready to work and you are like Todd Hammer says you're the thermosat or the thermometer and you have to set that. The next one is being example, making sure that you're conducting yourself. The worst thing is that when you have an athlete, you know, if you have, you have be doing a behavior that is not model correctly and you can recommend him for doing the behavior that you're not even modeling. So that's always important. You know, communicate your expectations, that's huge and again, you know, that's a, that's a, goes back to the three signs of miserable job with the luncheonney, you know, do I know if I'm doing a job or not? And if I don't know what's expected of me, it's hard for me to really understand what, you know, number one, how the process is to accomplish that goal, but number two. You can, whether I've, I've accomplished one, I need to accomplish. So make sure that the expectations are set. And you know, the next thing is, you know, depend on your experience. If you're a coach, you've been in a situation where you've had athletes and similar situations. You know that again, one team is running late because conditioning ran over and another team had to come early because for whatever they had academic meetings, you have to be able to situation where you, you know you've been in that situation before and you really have to rely on that experience to make sure that the athletes, things run smooth for the athletes. You can be kind of frustrated in your head, but if they athletes see that again, that's not the, they shouldn't have to worry about the logistics of the workout. They should just be worried about being in a situation they core card. The next thing is, you know, bring in the energy. And again, I know that, you know, talked a lot of coaches about this and talk to the, the caliensman about this just recently about, you know, athletes can see if you are not all about it. They see that right away. And if you're not excited about this training session, it's very hard for you as a coach to expect them to be. So that's really valid point to really make sure that they can see that you are excited about that training session as they are. And even more so that has to, that has to come off in your, in your, in your demeanor. The other thing is again, we'll go over with the, the level series and again with with the instruction with coaching. The one thing we always do with our level series and I'll talk about this a little bit in detail at another. Web in our series, but, you know, really with those levels, you know, do I know how to instruct, can I explain and exercise and can I demonstrate it and that's basically our level one. For any kind of coach and level two is, can I identify technique to strengthen these. That's something that again. That's something probably when you plan to be able to talk to those athletes and to be able to talk to your coaches about what you're looking for. And in the third one, the third level is that if I'm about five coaches at, can you know, not only can I explain and demonstrate, can I identify technique to travel to these, but can I formulate correct strategies. Whether it's, you know, on a cut-effect by just changing foot placement or hand placement, whatever it may or giving some, some either verbal or, or, or, or, or tactile cues or physical cues that that that that they can understand. Or is it a longer term strategy where he listen, we're just, we have some muscle and bounces we have to take care of, but just looking at you squad. I know that we need to take care of this, this, this, this. So those are basically the three levels that that we evaluate coaches, or you say evaluate coaches on and, and I think it's important that that is something that you know what coaches are able to do what. And if they're always at least at that level one position. So going through evaluation again, this is something, you know, when you're looking through the difference between, I've heard this, you know, several times before and I don't know who from, but again, a screen is just basically a canyathy, do it or not. This is FMS that's given you just a basic score. This is a sickle cell test. Those are just the basics, you know. When you look at doing assessments, now again, we're looking at, you know, you know, how are they squatting? How are they doing their lunch warm up? You know, are they able to do execute some different different movements and we're just evaluating how they, how they move and really, you know, how they feel and, and, and, you know, those different aspects of the training modality. The other one is going to be performance testing. Now this is your, you know, you're 5, 10, 5, or your three rep max, whatever it may be. But again, there is a difference on that. The one thing that I feel strongly about is the standards. And that's something that is maybe missing evaluations. You know, this is something in education. I think that, you know, a lot of times we get a run a situation where we don't have enough variety and we don't have the applicable evaluation measures to really see how that, you know, different different different things. Different different different students learn different ways different athletes excel in different different modes. So it's important that you're, you're basically those evaluation methods are valid and they're reliable to give you the best data to formulate how to correct any of those those just Japanese these, they might have from a performance standpoint. So the standards really, you know, Dan John had said if you have a high school football team and every single athlete on a team, at least the first, you know, whatever may be the starting 44, whatever, you know, getting every single one of them can, you know, front squat 205, you know, bench press 205 and power clean 205. Most people say, well, that's not very hard for a high school athlete, but think about that. Think about your team from, you know, top to, you know, that first, that's that first 44 being able to do that. And again, you know, we switch to a standard type system instead of rewarding that, you know, being someone that's, you know, always looking at that record board. And again, every school in America has a record board, something to strive for. But one thing that we've done that got from Jack Haydam Adenosine, which was, I think, very applicable for what we know what we know what to do was was the standards. And again, it was simple. And it could fit, you could fit it anywhere you want to, but ours was just, you know, it might have been, you know, squat plus 150 pounds of your body weight. We don't want to do a percentage of your body weight because it's different for different positions, but, you know, it was, you know, you should be able to clean your body weight plus a certain amount, whether that's fit to your 755, I can't remember exactly. But having to understand is that this is the standard, this is a bare minimum. If you're a female college, actually, athlete, you should be able to do whatever three pull-ups. You should be able to bench, fidget percent of your body weight for this much, but having to know the standards sometimes give you a little bit different, different, you know, a way to approach their performance in the weight room. So, and again, this is a two-way process is just to finish up. So, when you look at, when you look at this, you know, it's a two-way, it goes each direction. So, the one thing that when you look at these evaluations, whether it's standards, whether whatever it is, you have to look back and say, okay, we didn't accomplish what we wanted to accomplish, right? We, you know, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, we didn't get as much work in. There was a little bit too much, you know, too much standing around within a workout. The, the athletes weren't doing this, you know, drove correctly. Now, you have to go back and it depends on what the issue is of how far you go back. So, again, it might be the instruction. So, are we teaching this the right way? Are we asking, you know, the, they athletes to do something on their are prepared to do. Are we the way that we're teaching it and the environment we're teaching it in? And again, is it applicable to implement a new exercise variation at this point of their training cycle? Are we asking them to do a power exercise after a two-hour practice at this high of percentage? That's the type of thing you have to say, how are you teaching it? Then you have to look back further. And if you think that you're teaching correctly and they're in a situation, now it's done you go back to the preparation which both those work together. Are we putting those athletes in the best situation to succeed? Do we need to have this particular sport performed this exercise? Do we need to be testing this performance evaluation for this sport at this time of the year? So again, it looked back to are we instructing it correctly? Are we teaching it correctly? And also, is it in the plans are we planning it at the right time in a situation where the athletes can succeed at it? And I think that's the other part. And again, if you go back further to, are we, and again, this all kind of ties together, are we are objective unrealistic? Is it unrealistic for us to do this much work within 55 minutes of the training session? Is it unrealistic to say that these athletes are prepared to be performing at this high of an intensity, at this stage? Are we are objective not realistic? Are we asking too much of the athletes? Or are we asking the right questions of the athletes? Should we evaluate the athletes on something else? And I come all the way back to objectives. What are objectives? Whatever expectations of our athletes? And I think that's important that you look at that. Relationship between those four parameters of coaching session, both directions. I think that's important because again, your evaluation will tell you whether you're instructing correctly, whether you're planning appropriately. And really, if your expectations are realistic, so that's something really thing about. Every training session you have try to think about those four components. And see if you can get a little bit better quality in every training session that you implement with your athletes, I know that there was times that I thought I was just winging it because we're just trying to get through, we're just checking boxes. We got through a workout, we got our athletes done, they did their work and now they're gone and then we'll start with an next group. Take a little more time to evaluate how you're doing, a more quality work and I think you're going to get a little more out of your training session. So again, one of the things that I've got this model from was just physical education textbook, check us out on leadfds.com, backslash, categories, backslash education for training articles and coaching technique type articles that will have for you available. If you have any comments or any kind of questions about this presentation specifically, there'll be an opportunity to do that in the article itself on leadfds.com. So thank you for listening.