More floss than FTS.com. We're here at 11.5.30 in total. So, I'm going to let it out. I'm going to go through a couple lower body climat controls and some regressions for those just some regular judgements using a lower. So, the first one we're going through is just a linear single leg hop. And the first thing is that this is going to be to go ahead and stick the length. So, I'm going to go ahead and demonstrate. Again, just one leg coming up. Get make sure the coach will look and go through here. Anytime they drop land, we're sticking the landing. We're making sure that the landing is good after our position. With the hips back, we can hide the toes. And again, looking from the front or from coach from the front, making sure that they're coming through. And now I have a wee valious, really kind of any kind of internal rotations. We're encounter coordination with the foot. So, just move open to those different things. The next thing is through would be either you would do what we're going to go ahead and double tap the landing or you're going to go ahead and just go ahead and bounce. And again, if you have athletes that are ready to just go ahead and as soon as they land, bounce off the balls from foot through, you might have to do that middle of that transitional exercise. We're going to land and kind of double take a double take and we'll demonstrate that. So, go ahead and do what we're going to get you to go ahead and just just hop off the ground. And again, we can always use a sprint at the end. And again, you have your arms making sure that the curls are a few or facing to the after. So, if you do have any of that, we can go ahead and you don't get your curls or range in the after. So, making sure at the end if you have any kind of climactic exercise that you fish with a sprint. And again, just adds to that training effect. So, when you go through the next one through, we're going to go ahead to the same thing. And we're going to go ahead with a ladder with the ladder. So, we're going to go ahead and right leg now. Right leg jumping to your right is something that you don't necessarily do. Unless you're maybe a linear store, we have to push off that front leg to cross over. It's not as natural, but again, it's something that can be good. So, this one, we're going to go ahead and ask you to go through a just stick the landing of the distance. Again, just go from through, stick the same thing. A child landed at the after position, not straight leg. You can try to have an after stick that position as much as possible. So, next time through, we're going to face the same way. And now, as we're going to jump with his left leg. So, left leg going through his right. So, again, he's going ahead, just bounce through on these ones. But, again, think of what a sprint. That was one more natural sprint because your leg won that butt leg. You can have the after turning go again. Not exactly can't, it's completely my crazy one. You would get, yes, he has to move and get the after transition and try to eliminate that or reduce that everything that you face when you land and go to a sprint from the eccentric and concentrate. So, the one last thing we're going to show you is, with these, what do you use to start your, these hurdles that we have pretty unique because, again, those are going to go ahead and twist. And you can get this from an eight inch several to 12 inch, you're pretty quickly. So, yes, pretty, pretty, pretty, you know, both from the price pretty versatile. We have to move that. So, now, this is a good drill to have a large crew of, well, they have to stand right next to the heart. Right, he's going to be on his left, so it's going to have our off-rides right foot. So, he's going to jump from his right foot and jump over to the opposite side of the hurl and then back. So, as soon as he lands, he's going to bounce back. And what that does is just get said, a little bit more of a land we can't expect. A little more similar to what he might see on the field of the court. And from that stage, now, which happens is if you have a large crew of hurl, you can just get a group of two or three athletes, take one hurl. And they can rotate through these drills pretty quickly. So, again, we're just going to go ahead and jump over the bounce back. And then stick that landing when you come back over to the left of the hurl. But, on the back foot, we have to jump straight that land. So, again, you can pretty great over how you want to do that stuff. So, again, those are going to the wall drills. Good for again, rat-free sposs or short-resposs climb-metra-type drills. And again, make sure that you can athlete. If you have any discrepancies on how they land. If they're not bouncing off the ground, either they're in a state of fatigue. Or if you're just not made from a developmental state, or if you do that drill for making sure you're always constantly monitoring. And watching your athletes, how they move how they land and how they perform. We're doing these drills again. And it's a keep in point through a drill that can really help your athletes develop this health now.