This is the chest training that we did on Sunday. I'm going to stay with this video format and actually, you know, ask you guys to give me some feedback on what you think about this type of format. It's a little sloppy. It's easy to do. I already have this stuff wrote on the table before the training begins. So all I really need to do is to recap basically what I did after was over, but I can go into more detail in the video than I could if I was just to write this out in a regular training log format. So the first exercise of the day was slight decline dumbbell presses. We do these by putting one end of a flat dumbbell bench on the equivalent of a hundred pound plate. And on these here, the goal was to work up to have you said eight, check mark represent, you know, the warm upsets and the work sets. So there were five, so you can have eight total warm upsets. And then I got to 130, did a set of nine there, felt like crap. So I figured I didn't do enough warm upsets. Rest at a couple extra minutes and then did another set and knocked out a pretty easy set of 15 with those. So next time I go through, I need to do more warm upsets on the lower end instead of jumping straight up in there. Being the first exercise, as you didn't know that, I should have done more warm upsets. Typically for a first exercise, I'll be doing twice the number of warm upsets, as you see that are listed here. After that, it was inclined shoulder-saver bar presses. It was scheduled to work up and do three sets of 10. I felt pretty good on this. So I kind of modified it a little bit where we're going to ramp up and do a heavy work set eight, one up to 295 for eight, which is the best I've done on that bar so far. So that was good. After that, we went on to the reverse band press. Five sets of five, the five sets of five are progressive. So when the way it starts to get heavy, it will take smaller jumps. The reverse band set up, we use takes off about 185 pounds, get the bottom or off the chest. I worked up and about my third, third or fourth set in was five plates and adjusted, felt awful. Everything was being, when I pushed everything was going off to my right side, which is assigned for me that my packs and my rotator, my shoulder, it's starting to give out a little bit. So I called it there with the set of three and just moved on to the next exercise and said it trying to force it or lower the weight. As soon as that starts to fatigue and for me, when my bad shoulder starts to get real weak like that, it's pretty much time to move on, get away from that movement. From there, it was, we did, it's not listed here, but we did two sets of 20 on the machine flies and that was just to kind of make up for the set I was unable to finish with the reverse band. Then it was a super set of dumbbell side raises with face band or face poles, just basically band pull parts. Four sets there. Then we did a rear-doubt destroyer set. I like to use a prone bench on this, which my chest is supported and do 60, it's all in one set. It's 50 pounds for 60 reps. There's just swings now, they're only three or four inches. It's just activating the rear delts, keeping the arms really straight. 50 pounds for 60 reps with a drop to 1.5 to 1.5 to 1.25 pounds for 30 reps. Another drop to 1.5 pounds for 10 to 1.5 reps. Last drop, the sets are going to be real big, full range, as much as you can do. Huge, I mean, that just blash your rear delts and that pretty much wrapped up the day.