As I said, I got the West Side in 1995 and we started to really look in the chains first and that was 96, 97 and then bands came in maybe 97, 98. It was all about the same time but we were really trying to figure out how to use them in training and it was, you know, these were brand new. There were no training manuals out on how to use any of this stuff. So it really was really trial and error. Throw it on the bar and see what happened, throw combinations on the bar and see what happened. And so our science became us as guinea pigs and I think we figured some things out but I think, you know, I watched these guys today train and they really have how they're going to utilize the bands, you know, as a solid part of their program. They have it planned out. They're not, you know, bluntly yanking a couple of colored bands on something going, let's see how this feels and works. When I first started using chains, chains actually kept me in powerlifting. There was actually a point where I hit so many plethora's and I could not get the weight to move, I could not make gains and I went trained with the buddy and he was using chains on deadlift and just from that moment I was hooked because it took the number's game completely out of it for me. Instead of focusing on, you know, why can't I deadlift 500 pounds today? I should be able to deadlift 500 pounds today as opposed to, well, throw some bar weight on, throw some chain and you'll just work up to your, your heaviest triple. You won't worry about the weight, you'll worry about the work. And that's how, that's how chains and bands came to be with myself. I never, ever looked at it as accommodating resistance and ever looked at it as, you know, it's, it's going to give you a maximum load of the top but it's going to save your joints in the hole, you know, it's, it's going to help with your speed. To me, it was just a way to ignore the numbers and just work hard. So that's, that's how it changed in bands that played into my training. And it, it's helped me greatly with speed as well. I do a lot of explosive stuff with bands and different angles of the lifts, whether it be deficits or or a different widths on my grip on bench. It, it's helped me out probably more mentally than anything.