The first of all, I am the infamous Co-Jacks. It's nice to see Gabe with a full head of hair. Last time I saw him, he had him. I've been doing this since 1980 game. I started with Head Coach Jackie Schult, the University of Pittsburgh, from 80 to 90. I left in 90 when my oldest daughter was placed on a liver transplant list. From 1997, I worked in a hospital while in a clinic in physical therapy. I started to really learn and hone my rehab skills. In 1970, the University of Pittsburgh called me as a comeback. I went back to 2001, 2001, I received a call from Buds Davis. They asked me to come to Cleveland Browns, I went to Cleveland Browns. 2004 obviously, I fell not for long. We all got to let go. I had a year left on my contract, kind of sat around for a year. You know, that's some of my retirement thing. Wind up at the University of Buffalo in the Turner Guild for six months. I worked for a great athletic director named Ward Manio, met my wife there. I then got a call to come back to the University of Pittsburgh. In 2000, the end of 2006 season, so I went back. I convinced my wife that we could go back and I could live. I could retire there. Obviously, that wasn't a case, which wasn't coaches fault. It was just some underhand activity by some other people. I won't get into because I don't have to go on a ramp for it. But during the time, my last three years, my last tour pit, Paul Rhodes, offered me Iowa State Job. It was down to Final II, was Mike McCarthy and the Green Bay Packers. And it was actually offered to wash some redskins job by Mike Shanahan. I stayed at pit because my youngest daughter Claire was going to nursing school for free. So that weighed heavily on my mind. I also had a stepson with my new wife. We had just moved to Pittsburgh. He had tragically watched his father pass away from cancer. I just didn't feel it was right moving that time. Now he looked back at it. I should have gone to Washington. But as a parent, you do think you're a kid first. You know that. No, you don't know that. No, no, no. Since you worked in the three different sectors, Collegiate Professional Now with New York Sports Center, what would you say the plus and minus is of each one? Oh boy, you know, they all have their own benefits and drawbacks. Obviously working in the NFL, that's the highest level of what we call the process of obtaining sports mastery. For the sport that we're involved in, which is football. It's a true pleasure to work for those guys. But have always said, you know, training elite guys like training the out of the beginning athlete. Because you're training the same. It's a very general nature. They're going to get better to sport by doing their sport. So you can't compete for the same CNS resources that they're using and they're involved in their sporting or continuum progress in their sport activity in the weight room because they can't handle it. In the beginning athlete, they're just learning the skill. They're just learning the sport. You know, they're in that first stage of motor learning on conscious and competent. They have no idea what's going on. There is no sporting form in high school. They just line up and get in somebody's way. So, and but you're still training very general because they've never done anything before. They're novices. So they're going to respond to just very, very general activity. College I love because you have more control. You're doing and shaping young men. The private sector. You know, I'm not a fan of the general public. Unfortunately, after my contractor ran out of the University of Pittsburgh, I work in one of those professions. As we all do, it's not about what you know. It's about who you know. It's about what you know. There'd be a lot of guys on the street right now. But I don't, I'm 56. You know, the guys I know are either retired or dead to be honest with you. I was offered an NFL job this year, but then again, called the next day. And so, you know, I have to keep the guys here for another year, which is, like I said, it's getting a fail. So you don't count on anything. So my wife and I and her son Fred decided to open up the New York Sports Center. His personal training is performance enhancement. My wife does some booty bar class. I got to say booty bar. I'm going to be the pisser. And if you've seen my wife, she's 50 years old, but 54, she's an National Finger competitor. And got her day doing dumbbell floor press. She hit the 50s for seven reps. Which ain't too bad for 50 year old woman to be honest with you. So I had to mention booty bar. But there's, you know, this plus and minus is everything. You know, you do what you got to do and you make the best of it. You know, if not, you know, you got to keep swinging. If not, you might just roll over and die. Yeah, you know, well, like I was talking to you in the lobby where I deal with a lot of sitting my carrots. Oh, yeah, you know, we all got to deal with something, you know, and unfortunately, unless you and being my own boss, the only person I have to answer to is my wife, which, you know, thank goodness we get along. But you know, you control your own destiny. Which is nice. But again, I'd rather be walking a fine line. You know, there's something to be said about being an environment because you're separate from the whole world. You know, it's you're in a different world as people prepare for a common goal. And, you know, people just do their jobs, which it really doesn't happen in society anymore. Yeah. Um, I guess here's one here for you and this may bring a rand or a man, but let's see, uh, your state of physical preparation is a whole right now in America as far as the sports go. You know, not really any certain level, but just the entire thing all encompassing. I think we do a wrongment as country. Yeah. I truly believe we're still talking about football being an alactic, I mean, uh, an anerovic sport, not even mentioned as alactic. You still have coaches out there, they're telling their athletes. We lift weights a day after the game to clear lactic acid. If you're that goddamn dumb, you need to get out of the profession. The sport is not lactic. Words of lactic acid come from. Even if it was lactic, the body will clear the, the lactic acid 20 to 30 minutes after the event. The reason you're sore the day after the game is some heightened emotional trauma due to the stress response of the game due to sympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system. And people say, well, we practice. You practice the same as you play a game. I don't see people taking steamers, banging head off the bar, putting eye black on her face for practice. So there's a completely different, a different attitude towards practice and games. That's one of the things that drives me nuts. You still got a guy who lived in weights today to clear the lactic acid from your body. You can't be that archaic and you can't be that dumb. So I truly believe we, you know, the Soviets, the Bulgarians, the polls, the Germans, the rush and the rush. Obviously, you know, now the Chinese have it figured out. We haven't figured it out yet. And we haven't figured out because our egos will do too big to admit we're wrong. We have a one Olympic gold medal since 1968, Ursula Manzki, going to bronze. Now you would think Gabe in all that time frame, everybody look at each other and say, what, you know, what guys? Well, man, we need to change something here. You know, and I don't want to hear the drug excuse. Drugs are everywhere. Belko Labs and San Francisco is not Kiev Moscow. And those drugs are available every athlete on the international level. So stop using that excuse. Use the excuse that maybe what we're doing isn't wrong. Don't start telling me, well, we don't have that much of a selective pool. Nobody gets involved in a sport. That's all bull. It's all excuses. It's time to stop the excuses and say, you know what? Maybe what we're doing isn't right. Let's do this the right way and that's turn around and start doing things differently what we have in the past. Because what we're doing in the past ain't work. The true definition of sanity doing the same thing over and over again. And that's what it is. Yeah. And then now you did touch on something right here and this is going to be my next question. It's for us like the recruiting and selection of athletes into the college football. Well, let me tell you first of all, let me tell you this. If you're at a big money school and you're getting a top recruit, how hard is that? Yeah. Because I did it. Nineteen eight University of Pittsburgh. We're 11 and one, three years in a row. The hardest thing I did turn on the lights and open a door because the athletic system of the athlete took a football just isn't about strength. It was all about strength to be easy. But at some point in time getting too strong becomes a detriment to the athlete. It's still the most important criteria. Most of the developers still ability to play the game. Yeah. If you get athletes who can play the game, like they do down in the southeast conference, there's not too hard. You know, teach them technique. You motivate them, work them, but their athletic system takes over. You're not going to get those types of athletes at the University of Pittsburgh. So you're not going to win an national championship there. You can be in the top 25 every year. Every fourth or fifth year, maybe sneak into the top 10 or the top 15. But you don't have the resources to compete with the Alabama, the Texas, the Dallas use, the Oklahoma's, they're getting the superior product. And when you're going to superior product, you just don't screw them up. You're going to win. Yeah. No. That's the one thing I've seen too with a lot of coaches when they're talking about. Like, I know at the high school where I'm at, they go, what's Alabama do with their strategy this? And where they do, I'm like, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It's the one guy in the corner of the program. They maybe we should put some of this stuff and as like, our fucking kids aren't out of the line. Oh my god. The biggest thing we, under your level, gave it a beginning level is development. You got to develop kids. You got to set a firm foundation. You got to increase your GP because there is no sporting form. They're just learning the sport. They're not going to develop a sporting form today. Start to get in college and the intensity of the activity of speed of the game. Every now becomes, is more and more important becomes a heightened level. But now you start to learn the game. So you're moving from that unconscious and competent stage to conscious and competent. Where you start to learn it, then comes conscious competent. Where you understand it. But every once I had to be coached, you know, if I would get to the NFL level, it's unconscious but it just happens. And as an athlete, you want to be hind-brained, dominant, fast-sary active. Guys, you have a forebrained dominant, slow and analytical. I always tell my athletes, I'll think you train. It don't work the other way around. Yeah. Left my ramp. Here's one for us. I know this is something with myself. It kind of drives me nuts. This is where I go on a rinse sometimes. Around our area, there's guided pedals, combines to local, highest-glance. And it takes to run. Runs a fucking combine and ask you to run the freelance program in the payments, $75,000. Run in a parking lot. It's some heights go up the intersting. Yeah. And what's your opinion on all these things? Listen, if you're good enough, colleges are going to find it. That's what that's all I want. Your performance speaks for itself. These guys, they go out and run all the, it's just a money-making venture for them. Because three cores that a kid to go, they're really shouldn't be there. You know, if you're very, if you're that good, college is going to find your athletic system is going to take over on the field. In the sporting environment, the sporting activity that you choose to participate in. I think that was just a waste of time. And like I said, somebody's making a lot of money. Yeah, and that's, that's what they made. And they made it, they made it. And they made it. Yeah, because that's all my kids are saying, I know me and those are children's. We're talking, I was like, maybe I'm in the wrong business. Yeah, maybe we should maybe you and I should put together a combine to say, you know, $250, we'll spend time getting the 40, the burden. And we'll send all this information out to colleges, really. And then for me, the kids that always want to go to the ones that has no sense of getting that. Yeah, it's good. You know, it's good. At some point in time, you know, here's the problem in this country. And I'm going to go on another rant. I call it the musical chair of syndrome. When I was growing up, we had 30 kids, you had 29 chairs. You fought like hell to get that last chair. If you didn't get it, you sat your ass down to corner and dealt with it. Nowadays, 30 kids, 30 chairs, everybody gets a chair. And we're going to talk about how you feel when we're done. And if you don't like a chair, we'll get you a new chair. That ain't fucking real. That. And then we wonder why we have this generation of entitlement. There's the reason why right there. You know, they got you Arnold Schwarzenegger said it best. You have to experience failure. Do not be afraid to fail. But everybody wants to keep these kids away from failure. So they don't experience what reality is anymore. Yeah. Some point in time, you gotta give some of those to reality and just say, you know what? I had the kid who was coming to our facility of 27 years old. Never been in an NFL camp. Never. Till trying to live the dream. I said, you know what? You need to get all of life work and ain't gonna happen. Yeah. It's just face reality. You ain't gonna make the big buck. The dream is over. You know, grow up do something. Do something with yourself. No, I know. I see it on a daily basis. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Everybody's going on. Asking why we haven't gotten there son of Scholar. Oh, my God. Everybody's going at next level. Everybody. Everyone thinks they're going to the NFL. And I know when we were a kid's voice. Yeah. The league. The league. Yeah. The league. One percent makes it to the league. One to two percent. Yeah. Let me think. Okay. Here's one. I know. With books as far as some of the best things you think anyone can read. That's in this profession. I know me and you will not work for you. Talk back and forth about that a lot. But I think the best book to read. And again, a lot of the things that are written in the book are wrong. But Hansel, you draws attention in calling the word stress. The most important thing is to stimulate is a stressor to the human body. The stressor's training is a greater stressor to the human body than that of a broken bone because it encompasses the entire system. It affects the cardio. The cardio, cardio, pulmonary, detoxification, hormonal, metabolic, central nervous system. And the muscular system. And I'm going to add one more system immune system. That's all affected by training. And those systems do not recover at the same time. So I think, you know, that's important. That's important. But that's what's called books. It's science of practice. Strength training is a great book. It's an easy read. It's assurance books on block training. But you know, you have to under an athletic training concepts. You have to understand this. The sport of football is not block training. It's impossible. There's too many technical and tactical requirements by each position that have to be addressed. Too many biomotor abilities. You can't block them. So I'm a bit of an, it's a great book because it talks about residual effects of training. And again, just increases your knowledge. Anything written by Bond or Chuck. I've read the hard stuff. I've read the easy stuff, Gabe. I think the key is, as you've constantly got to read, you've got to constantly see information. Because if I said, as I've said before, if you limit your knowledge, you limit your ability, if you limit your ability, limit the development of your athletes. Unfortunately in this country, we have truly forgotten how to train anymore. Yeah. You know, it's too, it's too watered down. Everybody's going to go to the go. We've got a screen, it's got a screen that. You know, here's what you do. Just watch your athletes move. The ice has a lot. You know, anybody can do something in slow motion. But start to stress them mechanically and watch how things change. You know, that's so. I'm not in the screen stuff either. Yeah. I don't buy in there. I don't know. No, just another money-making adventure. I understand the concept. I understand where it's going. But I don't, you know, you can't use the same screen for the general public. It's used for an athlete. That's absurd. Yeah. That a real, and then you have to look at different classifications athletes as he had beginners as he had lead. Tell me how the variables are. You can't control or can't take into account. And he's closing the marks. You like to put in. I know. I've been doing this for over 30 years. Here's what I've come to understand. And here's what I figured out. First of all, I ain't figured it out. I don't think anybody ever will. I think you have to understand that training by nature is imperfect. By that, I mean, all the variables we had the manipulated strength coaches. Sets, reps, tempo or speed of contraction. Vertical horizontal loading. Sequence of events, exercise selection. Single versus multiple sets. Whether I train money, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, how many times a week I train. All these variables have their own benefits and own drawbacks. It's not one perfect variable. Thus, if they're not going to be one perfect variable, they're can't be one perfect program. You look at the Soviets and the ballgarrings. They both use different programs. But achieved a lead status in international weightlifting. Many rows lead to Rome, nothing is set in stone. And with that being said, science is important. The too many people have caught up in science to where they can't see the force of the trees. Remember this. Science seeks answers, training seeks results. There's a gap. How can I bridge that gap? And that's about it. All right, what is good talking with you? But it's good seeing you again. It's nice to see you with hair.