Mark Watts, leadfts.com. I'm here on the campus of our BANNING University and this is part of our Sports Performance Coach Education Series. This week we're going to talk about training in the high school environment. Now I'll be honest with you, I have not been a high school strength coach. I have not currently not a high school strength coach, but I've been involved in high school athletics from a recruiting standpoint and from a curriculum standpoint at different opportunities. And why am I qualified to tell you this? Well, I think I've been able to have a good relationship with a lot of colleagues that have done a tremendous job at the high school level. And hopefully some of these ideas can basically bring in home to you and help you in your situation. The thing about high school strength conditioning is we have so much variety, so much variances with small college as well, but really in high school from programs that are run like division one programs and all the way to not existed. So hopefully some of these ideas can get to you and just give you some different perspectives on things. So what is this all start? This started with a base of log posts that I wrote and where that got the inspiration from was a tweet obviously that it's got a lot of press. And I want to make sure that people understand that obviously that is something that the recruits that Irver Mar had for high state and how many of them, the larger percentage were multi-sport athletes. And obviously I know that people that know me know how much of an advocate I am for multi-sport athlete, but there's a couple of things I want to make sure that people understand this brought up to be by some of some coaches, one Thomas Newman had brought this up. But the one thing to understand is that when you look at big-time college athletes and big-time some of the greatest athletes of all time play multiple sports, I think you have to be objective to the fact that the reason why those athletes are so good at the sport or playing is because they play multiple sports or do they play multiple sports at such high level because they're such a good athlete. And I think that's a tough question. To me, it doesn't matter as much to me. I think that obviously we would encourage athletes to play as many sports as they want to, especially at an early age. You don't want your kid to burn out an age eight and really start to hate the game when they're 18. We talked about that before. Go with back to that, you know, I know that for an example a good parallel will be when they measured the vertical jumps on Olympic lifters and how high of vertical jumps they have. And of course that is the biggest this is back. I think maybe 92 Olympics correct me from wrong, but it's been a while. Of course, most people associate well, you know, Olympic lifters have high vertical jumps because they Olympic lifts. They do the Olympic lifts. Or is it because they had such high verticals because those were Olympians. They were in the Olympics in the correlation because they were such good athletes. They were so explosive that they had, you know, it probably worked, you know, it probably won help the others. So I think it's the same thing when you're talking about high school athletes as well too. Multiple, they're able to play multiple sports because they're ability, but playing multiple sports obviously can't help their ability, you know, the ability to do different activities and really, you know, without burning out and sharing the same movement pattern. So a couple take away with this. Again, I just make sure you don't discourage athletes from playing from not playing multiple sports. Early specialization, you know, for, you know, people will argue for, are you against it to me? I just think that, you know, as long as the athletes decision, make sure that they're able, they're in a situation that they could play as many sports as they want to. And the, you know, the dilemma is that, you know, how do we make this work? You know, the seasons are getting longer. And athletes are, you know, the season is getting longer and there's just more different, there's more sports to play. You know, that particular season is longer, but then we also have Springball fall ball, winter ball, all these other, you know, additional seasons in relation to the already long season. So it really doesn't get an athlete. There is no offseason for a lot of these multiple athletes. And that's maybe one of the, you know, causations on correlation, but that's maybe one of the reasons why these athletes are are really specializing just because they're not time. And shame on us as coaches and administrators and facilitators that that's the reason why it's happening. All right. So to me, I always thought that one of the possible solutions for this is to create environment and to get them not going to read a verbite and book basically, create an environment where athletes can continue to train year round in season. If they're going to be in season year round, they can share it train year round. And I think there's a lot there's so much that is missing in terms of educating coaches on how to effectively do this and more, more, more, I mean, you have the coaches that, you know, that you have a, that'll have practice, will have lifting sessions and the kids. They want to go and do a separate session after a proper, you know, support performance facility. And it just adds on to it with more better communication, better education, we might be able to come up with a system that can really have the most best of both. Let's get out of these to play as much as they can and get them strong, get them more prepared and get them planted at a higher level, because they can train with that in, in off season intensity in season if it's set up correctly. So I don't know if we're going to be able to get to that whole context in this presentation, but again, it just to get you thinking. So again, sport code, red reservation. This is what, you know, a lot of times it's sport coach. And again, you know, this is no knock on high school sport coaches, but sometimes, you know, you're in a situation where, you know, their background might not be in coaching or or by mechanics or sports management. So, you know, they might be the English teacher that wanted to coach because he loves it. And that's great. But, you know, that also means that, you know, sometimes that education has to happen, you know, more frequently. A couple of things again, you know, one of the things is like, can, can, they don't want to their athletes to be sore. They don't want to live weights in effect or again, you know, if I I've lived to my basketball player, affect his shot or, you know, my wrestler won't have his legs underneath him if he, if he rest, if he really trained. So those are, that's a concern. And again, can he really, you know, everybody, you know, the whole misconception of, you know, can we really get stronger in season? And of course, every coach out there saying, yes, but there's still some of those dinosaurs that don't believe that we're just going to maintain. And we know that from physiology standpoint, this physiological standpoint, that's not really going to happen. It's, you're going to get stronger a week or, you know, it again, will they be fatigued, you know, the soreness and fatigue kind of won't end the same. But really, that's really, you know, from a long term, in fact, not just from that, you know, we're lucky because they're at that age where again, you can really push them from a central nervous system standpoint. But again, still, if the athletes not perform at their highest level, they're going to get discouraged. They're going to point to finger at something. So that's really what the concerns are. And again, this is the most important question, you know, can they train in an in-season template and still develop physically? So that's one thing that we want to really want to kind of look at here. So some of the obstacles when training like this is money. Again, if you really want to train, you have to hire a coach to train these athletes. And sometimes, you know, that, whether it becomes a stipend, whether it becomes, you know, some kind of a contract where you get some quality coaching and quality program for these young people, you know, cooperation from the sport coaches. That's really a thing that, you know, if there's still sport coaches out there that say, listen, I don't want you playing basketball because I want you to concentrate on a track or I don't want you, you know, run a track because you need to do the football training in the spring. If there's still coaches out there that are doing that, it's a shame. It really is. And I think I don't think that they might just not, might not know any better. And I think this is really one thing I paired on that we really have to shift in the positive direction with that, you know, education, understanding that, listen, there are still coaches out there that don't understand that, you know, being strong will actually prevent injuries or at least reduce the chance of those injuries. That's something that we, that's our job as strength in the conditioning professionals to make sure that we're communicating that. And also, you know, the commitment. It's not easy to get, you got to get coaches that are willing to wake up in the morning and shift class schedules and do all these things and make sure they can facilitate this training of these athletes because again, if they have a practice and have a training session two different times, that double the amount of exposure, that double the amount of supervision they need. It's going to take commitment from the, you know, obviously the parents, from the teachers, from the coaches and before you can even get any commitment, you know, from the athletes. So it's very important. All right. So curriculum, this is one thing. Again, I don't want to speak out of turn or out of my expertise or out of my scope of practice, but it's one thing that I think a lot, I think physical education has gotten a bad rap and I think, you know, talking to, you know, Gary Skowfield, one of the things talked about is because we've taken, we've left the physical end, we've taken the education out of physical education. And I think that's one of the things that's really disturbing. So, you know, for me, I think when you're talking about from that curriculum, from the ground up, you know, obviously I think we're all in a green and said again, when you're talking about motor learning, you're talking about learning about sportsmanship, you know, not just, you know, from, from, from learning the different games and learning how to be a teammate. Those are things that need to be taught. And I think it's probably one of the, you know, being a good teammate might be the best lesson that any child could have above anything else when you're coming to where you're at for a future success. And again, teaching them a self-confidence and self-worth, teaching them that they matter, teaching them how to feel good about what they can do. All those things need to be addressed in elementary education. And I wrote about this before, but, you know, sometimes you go to the elementary, you know, elementary gymnasiums and so hardwood floor, we're 10 foot basketballs. And there's nothing as basketball. I don't want people to think I think I need basketball. I know, I'm just saying sometimes, you know, you should that look more conducive to a gymnastics facility where they can tumble, they can roll, they can crawl, they can skip, they can jump, they can do all these little, all these different things. All the sudden now, we, you know, we equate getting better for sport as dropping them off at a sport performance place and making them deadlift as opposed to getting those, those movement patterns that will actually, they can build on for the future. So just basically, getting as many, and it comes to a budget thing, but getting as many different tools to help those young people learn and appreciate physical development and movement is really important. At the middle school, this is at awkward age where, you know, again, to have co-ed at this age, it just gets in the way. And really, I think that that because of so much social pressures on these young people at that age, once they hit that puberty, it just really compounds things when they're in front of their peers and they're, they're, they're need to do some physical activity, which maybe they're not used to. So this is a time really that you need to start to really, for lack of better word, specialize and different, you know, and different and continue on the path, but at the same time, get them in a situation where they can learn that I can do some things. And I've assessed the transition between self-confidence and, you know, self-confidence and, and really, you know, that, and skill development and turn that into self-efficacy where they know that they can, you know, if they needed to do a certain physical activity, they can do that. And that starts to build. Once they get to high school level, it doesn't make any sense to have an athlete that, you know, plays, she plays soccer, basketball, and, and, and, and softball, and all the sudden, now she has to do a gym class where she has to, you know, do relay races and, and whatnot. I mean, I think her physical development is being addressed. So can we, some schools are in a position where they can make that, you know, is that a sports performance type training block that they can do to help them when they're sport, or does playing a sport replace physical education? You know, I understand the timing and the budget whatnot, but I think that, you know, obviously, if we can use that timing in that class period for athletes to be able to, you know, get better at their sport and keep them safe, or I think in a long run, it's going to be better for everybody. So just think about that curriculum a little differently as sport. All right. So scheduling, obviously, you know, always says that the best times to train an athlete, you know, at a separate session before practice, you know, a couple of hours before it's a, maybe one or least two meals in beforehand, right before practice, right after practice. But I think sometimes at the high school, because of the schedule is more structured than say a college environment, sometimes it's a little more difficult. So, and again, for me, the best time is if you have the ability to have class times to address, you know, sports performance training, strength training, you know, during Fizz Ed, and to be a retailer of that to help those athletes, you know, again, to wear out one rep max testing on the bench press just so we can have some standards. So we can actually give grace for these kids, but really have an actual structured program to help them in the long run, you know, develop, you know, as an athlete. Obviously, in season trying to train into morning, and again, this is going to be, you know, it does an athlete want to wake up in the morning to train before school and then be able to, you know, have the practice at, later on that evening. It does two things. Number one, it gives the athletes more time to recover between the training session and the, and the practice. Number two, it frees up those weight room times for the offseason sports. The athletes at our own playing right now, that can go in and really try to develop physically, you know, in the offseason. Can you do that? Can you just throw a minute and do a quick circuit after practice? Sure. It's, it's, I guess, I mean, I guess it, it won't do, it won't hurt them, but at the same time, it's really not training. You're just checking boxes at that point. So, that's kind of, you know, I've seen this work at a couple places, and it does take a buy-in, but, you know, so does everything. So I think I think in a long run, that's the one thing, and that's come back to that cooperation with the whole school. So we're looking at, you know, for this is a basic template again. This would be something for, say, if you have basketball, the place Tuesday is Friday nights. I understand there's going to be some fluctuation in schedules, but, you know, this would be something that, this is a gestion. So that you go with a, you know, your days that you have practice, again, you'll lift in the mornings, you know, game days you just won't lift, and then again, Saturday is maybe you do films and lift in the morning, it doesn't have to be actually in the afternoon, but something like this, this schedule here makes a lot of sense. Now, when you're looking at it again, to, you know, how many, you know, do you can you train the day before a game? It's still, it's so performative, very high level for that game. Some people would disagree because of a high-low sequencing system or whatnot. To me, I think at that high school level, you know, if you, you know, I don't think it's realistic to have an athlete, you know, train, you know, after the game or one time a week. And I think we got the paradigm shift a little, but I think that, you know, a three-day week program is plenty. I think sometimes in season we try to train less and in off season we try to train more and sometimes if we, we kind of switch that, we can probably from a logistical standpoint get more some more worked on and I'll explain to you what we're talking about. So again, a three-day in season, this would be that same thing, excluding that Saturday we talked about, but again, if they have a game on a Tuesday, in a game on a Friday, you know, Wednesday because you're two days before a game, maybe that your day. You know, at the college level, they had games on Wednesday Saturday. So that was even easier because we would get after a Monday and a Thursday, two days a week, they had two days off. But, you know, obviously trying to get those athletes at a different time than their practice, they would just get more out of the lift. You, you, two of our practice is going to inhibit a 35-minute training session more than a 25-35-minute training session would and have it a two-hour practice. Just, and everybody, that has any idea about, you know, you know, biomotor abilities and and energy systems understand that. So, so that was be one of those things again. Day before a game would be more explosive movements, low volume and again, didn't even put sets and reps here because that's a total of another, that's another, you know, presentation by yourself. And again, the day that we're doing more low bar and specific stuff will be this day. Can you throw it on a press on this day? Absolutely. You know, that's one thing too that, that, that, that, you know, you have it up there. But again, I think trained the three days a week in the morning, shepherd from practice is going to be better than maybe one day a week, you know, addition to practice and you have to know. So, all right. So, we talked about curriculum, we talked about scheduling now, talk about systems and we'll go over this very briefly and it won't be as comprehensive, maybe as I like, but at least we'll get an idea. So, we talked about system, but we're looking at it as again, school wide methodology and I think that's always, that's why BFS has always had success because no matter what support those athletes were playing, no matter what they were doing, everybody was on the same page and the terminology meant the same regards of what season you're in or regardless of what sport you're playing on. So, or playing it. So, again, two-day week programming, I think one thing is that you can, coaches cannot be afraid of training two days a week thinking you can get very strong on two days a week training. And from a scheduling standpoint, it might be the most beneficial for you to go with a two-day week training because then you can always add in an additional speed day. You can add an additional conditioning day, an additional body weight circuit day, whatever may be. If you have that program you've done a two days. At least you know if you have someone missed, they have basically five days that week to get those two training sessions and then you can add different workouts from there. Is it optimal? Probably not, but at least I think you cannot allow that to be an excuse. And again, especially if you have athletes you have some sports going money when they're Friday, some sports going Tuesday, Thursday, maybe they're football, but you know you have to be able to have confidence. You're good enough strength coach to get people stronger in two days a week. You know, speed training in large group on different days, I've done it before again. It goes back to the optimal thing, but at least now you have everybody in one setting and you can get everybody taken care of. And again, the way we did our speed training was pretty simple. We made the kids race and do some different patterns and then just make sure they were fully covered in between and try to do that as much as possible and coach them on technique and in positioning the best we could. You know, and again, I think it's a little more any time that a speed training session takes your best coach off of a weight room. I think that's a tough thing. So, you know, even if you're money-weighted Friday and all speed on Tuesday, Thursday, not great either, but at least you have something that you're addressing there. And again, stagger your starts. That's really, you know, that's, I think the one the biggest obstacle that a lot of coaches have is that okay, schools over at this time, schools over 250, everybody, every sport is in a weight room at 315. And again, it's almost, it's almost offensive to say, listen, this team, you're coming in at 415. And again, that just, you know, for some reason coaches have not and schools have not really bought into that programming at this point. And it really, it's just safer. It provides a safer environment. And again, hopefully there's some more schools that are getting into that system. We're saying, okay, we're going to stagger a little bit. Have your weight room set up for, you can have athletes doing the mobility work while another team's going to platforms and another team or in the racks and another team is finishing up with some high-purchase researches and make sure that rotates through that way again. If you're organizing, you get athletes with their time on task, you know, you can, you can have it done. And again, you know, complex in the service talk about that as well too. So, that's something that really, and again, if you don't have to quantify the movement, you know, give them the empower them to, to get them worked on in some kind of circuit fashion. It's not really the end of the world. Here's a two-day two-day split. We're talking about movements. And again, what you suggest do, you know, again, for me, I think the best way to split it up is that if you have your triple extension, which will include any kind of your act of method type stop, plus any kind of your rotation stop, you can get to the position where, you know, you're, you have that, you know, movement at, you know, those explosive movements at the beginning, then really we split up in a four different movement for upper lower. Lower body would be double-like push double-like pull, single-like push, single-like pull. Upper body vertical push, vertical pull, horizontal push, horizontal pull. And again, what exercises you put in there just depends. The reason why we did with this setup, what we do a vertical push and a double-like, vertical push, double-like push, horizontal pull with a vertical push, just, it was just opposite. You don't have to do it that way. The biggest reason was because most of the time if we were in the rack, we could actually get in and over at press and a squat without actually, you know, what I think that's actually changing any of the weight. We're, we're the bar set up. We can do a couple of things at all once. So that was one of the main reasons, but you could set that anyway you want to, but you're addressing all the basic movement patterns. If you're looking at the exercise pull, obviously there's something that, you know, going all the way back to looking at Joe Kent's tier system, creating an exercise pull. This will be dependent on the facility you have, the equipment you have, the the athlete you're training, the time of year that you're training them. So again, not everybody for example, for a squat will be doing a front box and back squat, right? Some athletes that are more advanced. You know, I was a big man's and chains guy. You know, you can, you know, with that double-like pull, that trap bar delive can move into that double-like push. If you have other activities you want, same thing with an incline press. Can you put it into vertical press or horizontal press? I don't think it matters, just as long as it's appropriate for, you know, you put it somewhere so you have some kind of rotation. Maybe for all your freshman athletes that are in season, they're all doing dumbbell golf squat, whatever. That's going to be up to you, but again, you basically put those whatever exercise you want and make sure before you implement that in your programming that your athletes are proficient at them. So at two days split now, what that same set up would be basically again, this is dynamic effort, sub-max, circa-max, you know, whatever. We have effort, nempis, this lifts and really some, some supplemental and accessory lifts, but for the most part, again, you know, that's, that's, that's just an example how we set that up with the programming. So, and again, if it's equipment based, one of the best thing I did when I'm last year at Dentyson at 430 on 2J30, we had 17 in the wait room and 7 full teams and they were staggered maybe a little bit, but really we had a lot of interns and we did the best job we could to get those teams in and out. We had some of those teams were in season, but the 14's and the five teams in our off season, we had this schedule. So really with that same movement pattern we talked about, right? You know, day one being triple extension, vertical push, double leg push, horizontal row, and a single leg pull, you know, that was, you know, we would basically have a barbell version of that and a dumbbell version of that. And so there's an example here where again, barbell 1, barbell 2, we have those different movements just on barbells and then with the dumbbell, we would have, you know, a dumbbell workout, this would be very similar to barbell 1 and then for our kettle ball workout, you know, this was similar to barbell 2. Now you could do both of these, you could do, I should do a dumbbell 2 workout as well. So you can, you can kind of, you know, come up with which you want, but what it did was it kept the athletes in one area. So again, we have the racks on one side of the room, we had to kettle both set up on one corner, we had the dumbbell set up on the other side of the room. So that way the athletes were able to go through, and I talked about some of the ways you could set up kettle both dumbbells to get more athletes working harder at one time in a previous webinar. But that's one of the main things that we were able to do is all of a sudden, you don't have that movement. Now instead of if we were fortunate to have 12 to 16 racks, we could get a lot more athletes working because, you know, we can get, you know, an athlete doing an entire workout on a dumbbell. So really, you know, it was kind of that rotation where they would do a dumbbell workout, one, every, every four workouts, they were able to, I still address some of those same movements, even if it was just with a different implement. So just being creative that way, really simple thing to do, and again, at that age, that may be what they need, you know, especially if you're working with in season athletes, maybe, or just do kind of down to the top three, and then still be able to work at that way. So, and summary, just to finish this up, I know this didn't give you a lot of concrete things, but again, just the takeaways for training at the high school level. It's going to take a lot of work to try to change this mindset and change the culture of what you have, but again, there might be a better way than what you're doing. If you have the facilities to do it, if you have the class schedule where everybody can can train during school to hours, that's great. Not everybody's in that same situation, so a couple of things. Again, we need to basically, you know, a couple of easier, number one, encourage athletes to play multiple sports. Don't discourage them. I'm not saying you have to say, listen, you know, you're really good at this. You should try that. I'm just saying don't discourage of anything. You know, don't discourage and don't, again, a lot of times what we, the way their perception is on when an athlete says, I'm going to try this. My senior year, I'm going to try doing this sport. You know, what that might be, the most fun they ever have playing a sport because if you have an athlete that tries to play another sport that they've never played before and they're a good enough athlete to do so, they're probably going to have the time of their life because there's no pressure. You know, I'm the best basketball player to stay, but I'm going to play lacrosse to spring because it's fun. It's fun and I really like these girls on playing with. You know, that's maybe a crude example, but really don't discourage that if anything. Educate coaches, that's really on training. That's the one thing that we have to do and sometimes there might be a building full of teachers and not one of them knows really some of the, you know, have all the answers and ask why I think it's important that we continue to educate coaches on the best way to train and see how other people are doing it because again, there are better ways because if they don't get it from you, they're going to get it from another store. They're going to get it from the kid who got that from who knows where as far as how to train during high school so and again, a lot of people are always more and better. Private facility guys, you know, you have someone like like David Allen who will turn a kid away and say, listen, you're not training day because I don't want your money. I want you to recover for your game. It's harder to find sport performance coaches like like some of the guys that I'm pushing up the know. So, guys like, you know, guys like Nick Schoeman and J.L. holds worth and Anthony Donskoff and a lot of these guys that have these private facilities that you know understand the whole development of the athlete. Don't expect that that everybody's going to be like that. And again, you know, expect to improve performance. You know, don't, everybody, every strength coach knows. If your athletes train hard during the season and they have enough recovery because of the volume as low, the intensities appropriate and they're doing the movements correctly. Everyone knows, it's not a question of if they're going to get better. They're going to get better. And again, having those expectations were, we are going to be stronger during sectionals during states and we were at the beginning of the season. That is the expectations that you're going to have as a coach. Your athletes will start to have the expectations, too. Right? So, if you didn't agree with, please, please make sure that you comment on this article www.leteptes.com. And really, it's going to be backslash category slash education. And again, to get to this article, but really, hopefully we can get some more talk. And if you have some ideas that have worked for you at the high school level, please don't keep into yourself, share them. And, you know, and again, that's make sure that we keep the communication open. So, again, make sure you've been in the lead of this, uh, come up with all your strengths in the next week. And we'll see you next time.