Alright, this is day-tate with Adam Djergers. I want to start this interview by asking Adam, you know, why you decided to do the XPC finals? Of originally I did it because I had spent about 18 months doing two things, correcting an issue I was having with my elbows so I could bench and correcting a squat depth. I had evaluated my squat, I was squatting high, I fixed it and the XPC promised tight judging. You'd have to squat the depth and so that's why I did it. That's why I chose it. This particular meat, I'm doing it because I got hurt at the last XPC. And so basically the platform at this XPC is a nemacots, I've got to make it back there. And so that's why I'm doing this year's meat. Now, what's the qualification process for this? You had to do a qualifying meat, then you had the semi-finals, and that's what I did last year to make it to last year's final. I made it to the final, I finished the meat and spied it being hurt and he invited me to this one. Now, with the qualifying meat, do you have to have a qualifying total before you can do a qualifying meat? No, I think you have to get the qualifying total at the meat. Okay, so it is based upon a total first and then the semi-finals, and then making it to the... Yeah, a total put up at a qualifier, then a top two placement, I think, at the semi-s, then the finals. So this will be your, I think you've been in all of them, right? I got hurt before the first one, so this is my second one. And how has your, over the past year, how has your training changed this year, based upon the things that you've said from your prior? I trained a lot less heavy... Well, I trained heavy less often. I originally planned out a three week cycle where I did raw, briefs suited, but because of the way some other things fail, I basically fell into a four week cycle where I'm only in full gear once every four weeks. And that accomplished two things that has helped me recover better between heavy lifts. And it's keep me from just staying so beat up. I was training hurt all the time, aches and pains and whatever, and that was getting old. I was tired of it. And so I've spread out these heavy lifts up to four weeks, and I have felt good all trained in cycle. No, I know you trained with Brian Carroll, and after the last meet was when Brian was diagnosed with all his extensive back injuries, and your back was also trashed as well. You decided to kind of go a little bit different route than what Brian did, you know, not saying that one's better than the other, you know, or that I'm not even saying the diagnosis is rather the same as they were different. But it would have been easy for you to say, okay, here's what Brian's doing. I'm just going to go and follow through and do what he's doing because he's getting this advice from so and so and so and so. But you decided to go a little different path. Why did you decide to do that? Just a piss Brian on. And it did, but that wasn't the reason, but it would have been easy to fall in and just do what he did. I respected what he brought back from McGill. There was no doubt it's good stuff. That's for sure. But after I decided that I was going to continue to lift before he ever came back from McGill, I had a plan that I said, this is what I'm going to do and this is how I'm going to do it and I just didn't want to change it. And you've been competing for how long. I did my first meet December of 2000. Okay, so and lifting you've been lifting. I've been lifting for lifting for 17 years. Okay, and how old are you? I'm 40. Okay. So I guess what I'm trying to to pinpoint down here is your older, you know, you've been doing it longer. Not maybe not longer, but you've been doing it beat up longer. So when you went into making that decision process of A, am I going to continue doing this and B, yes, I am going to continue doing this. I assume you went back on your own experiences with past injuries and things that you've had to contend with and use that to help to develop the plan. Yeah, yeah, basically that's exactly what I did. With a little bit of stubbornness to that's probably been piled up over the course of lifting to over those years originally when I went to the XBC. I was beat up, you know, I was having few health issues and I told my wife after this meet, I'm taking two months off. I just got to give my body a rest. Two months got her spent four days in the hospital, turned 40 in the hospital. And I was out of the gym for a month because in my stubbornness, you know, this is how I plan this, this is how it's going to work. And so instead of taking the original two months off, I was back in the gym. Now I was doing just rehab stuff, you know, just bodyweight lunges and, you know, a little bit of core work and stuff like that. But I was still back in the gym in a month, but that's because in that month I decided I am going to lift again. I am going to compete again and in making that decision, I decided how it was going to happen. And that was part of the process. And training at your level, you know, and, you know, at your age and training age, let's forget age, we'll just say training age. Getting beatups are given, you know, so when this meets over, you're going to beat up again. Hopefully it's going to be less than what it was, you know, years prior. How do you determine when it's time to pull back and when it's time to push down? Because I got beat up before I retired and that was, that was the hardest thing for me to do is you never knew, you know, you know, you're hurt. There's no doubt about that. You know, you're hurt, but you don't know how hurt it really is. And sometimes you can go full throttle, sometimes you get it back off. Most of the time I've made mistakes, you know, ended up going the wrong way. You're making the right decisions. So what, what helps you guide when to push and when to step back? This year's probably the first time I ever, I have ever really followed a program that this is what I'm going to do and no more. And that's the only way I've been able to do it. I designed a program for myself and I stuck to it in spite of the days that I felt good in the past. I would have pushed it. And then in the past, you know, when I, when I, when I space these, these heavy weeks out, getting ready for this meet, you know, on this week, if I felt really good, the number I had in mind didn't matter. I'm going more and then more. And I just have not done that this time. I, this is the program. This is what I'm going to do. I know I'm hurt. And so I know I need to be smart because ultimately, the numbers, although I want to do well. And I want to win, you know, it's not just I want to do, I want to win. But I want to make it there. So being stupid in the gym would possibly prevent me from completing my never one goal, which is making it back to a platform. So if I'm going to do anything stupid, I'm going to do it on the platform. But until then, I'm going to be smart. I've always said, in the bigger meet, it's not always the strongest guy who wins. It's the healthiest and the smartest, you know, and because a lot of times the strongest guy, I would say most of the time in our sport, you know, there's there's exceptions, you know, there's people who just nail it every time. But for the most part, the strongest guy is usually self-destruct, you know, before they get there, or they do stupid things in the meet and leave the door wide open for that. Now, you, I don't want to go through the injury list of all the different things that you've had, but you did mention earlier that after this last meet, you know, you were going to take two months off, but before that, you said something that kind of insinuated that you were kind of thinking about hanging it up. Why didn't you? That's just not how I wanted to go out, you know, being pulled off the platform carried off the platform was just not the way I envisioned walking away, you know, when when I walk away, you know, I'd like to literally walk away, not be carried off the platform. And, yeah, I struggled with explaining that to my family, you know, that that's just not how I'm going to finish. So, I knew, I knew in the back room that I would compete again, unless there was something so wrong with me that I would not be able to. But I had determined that I wanted to. And so when I found out that it, I probably could, then it was convincing everybody to just leave me alone and let me do it. To let me finish on my own terms, you know, let me walk away on my own terms, you know, and if, in all honesty, if it happens to me again on the platform this year, I probably will. But if it happens that way, at least I knew that, you know, I'd determined to make it back to the platform and I did. What would be your ultimate own terms? I'd like to win. You know, I'd like to go out with a PR total and, you know, win. That's what I'd like to do. I'm not saying that I would absolutely completely walk away if that happened, you know, say next month I win, you know, and I just walk away. But that's the way I would like to walk away, yeah. I don't, I'm not going to compete for years in the master, you know, I mean, I'm, you know, if, So how do you think it will end? I mean, if you win and you go out on high note, this is your high note, you know, so why not? Just step out and take a roll of a coach instead of risking another year, you know, and another big me and getting carried out again. I mean, to share a little bit of what I've discussed with my wife, that, that is probably what will happen. That is probably what will happen. And actually, as long as I do well, that's more or less what I've promised. So this me is the most important thing that you've ever done in your list of places you've ever done. You know, because it more than likely is going to be the last straw. So everything that you've done leading up to this has been made with better decisions. Yeah. Would you say better support? Yes. You know, so it should be basically your day to season as long as you stick to your plan and do what you're supposed to do and I do anything stupid. And I guess the the main question to be would be when I was sitting in the office of orthopedic surgeon, which I've been in several of their offices as of have you. I was asked if there were any regrets that I had in the 25 years of competing. And the only answer that could give us I didn't lift enough. I didn't lift as much weight as I wanted to. And the answer back was that's probably the best regret you can have. So walking away, you know, after this one, no one that you did everything right, you put all your eggs in a row. You know, if you go out on a high note, low note, any regrets? The only regret I would have is that I didn't train the way I have this time all the time. I wish I would have trained smarter. I wish I would have listened to the older guys when I was the younger guy who told me what I would tell younger guys now. Train smarter. You're being stupid. That's a dumb decision. You know, you're making a mistake. That's what I tell people now. And that's what I was told when I was that guy. And the only regret I have is not listening to that then I would have been better. I would have been better. Is that really a regretter? Is it a blessing? Because you have a gym. I mean, you got to stable a lifters. Yeah. So had you not learned that over the past year? What kind of coach do you think you would have been without learning that? Yeah, that's a good point. It's a good point. I would have the experience to share. Yeah. Like I said, maybe my lifting would have been better but the experience that I have would be less. Yeah. What would have the lessons learned to pass on? You'll find as you move on as a coach. If that's the decision that you decide to do, which, you know, what you say you cross that bridge when you get there. Because it's, you know, all different. We can talk off camera about that. All different kinds of shit. Go through your brain at that point in time. What happens at that point is, and you're already kind of seeing it now, you become that guy. You know, the guy that you were talking about, the guy that was sitting across the table from you saying, you know what? You really should stop doing these things. And when you become that guy, you got to realize that person on the other side was you. And they're sitting there saying, who the fuck are you to tell me this? You're fucking old beat up. You can't lift anything. You know, how are you going to deal with that? I don't know. Maybe I should call some of those guys and ask them how they did it because that's, you know, that's not a thing. I don't know. That's the attitude I gave, you know, well, you don't know me. You don't know what I'm capable of. You don't, you know, you don't know the decisions I make. But, you know, they were right. Looking back. They were, they were dead on, you know. And I see that now at 40 years old and having my share of injuries. But I don't know how I'll take that I'll shake my head. I guess like they did it be. And I'll tell them if you stay with it long enough, you'll realize that I was right. You know, if you're outlawed. Yeah, I mean, usually those people that you're speaking to that across the table, they're not really, as you were. And I was, I mean, we weren't problematic in any way. You know, you do have a stable lifters and so forth. So I'm sure you do run across some of the guys that are problematic. So how do you handle them like a man? They get asked to leave or told they can't come back. You know, generally those guys, the guys I find problematic, they come there for a while, then they're going for a while, then they're back for a while. And you know, when I've had enough of them when they take their leave, you know, and say, hey, I want to come back. No, you can't come back. You're a problem. Yeah. I haven't had to kick, but I think two people out actually say, you've got to go and you can't come back. But I've told several guys that have taken leave, you can't come back. Okay, same way as one, and there's a story in his training log, which is hilarious about one of the guys that had to kick out. But, you know, I guess what I'm getting at is, I mean, it's, is, how do you do it like a man? You know, the guy that I did kick out, he walked in the gym with his bag, you know, said, you need to sit down, we got to talk. And of course, he didn't see it the same way I seen it, but, you know, I just finally had a telling, but this is my place. And this is the team of guys that I have managed to keep together, and you don't fit. You're not a part of it anymore. So you need to go. And the same thing, the guys, you know, generally they're calling you, hey, can I come back? And I've got kind of a hierarchy, you know, I'm Brian and Clint. You know, if I've got a guy that I'm on the fence about, I'll take it to them. And one other guy, Tony, that's been with me since December 2000. You know, if I'm on the fence about somebody, I'll ask them, you know, what do you think? I've got a guy that just started training with us again that, you know, basically I let them decide if he could come back or not. But so, you know, there's some discussion about Jim, I'm not a dictator, like I'm the only one that says what goes. But when I've had enough of somebody there, they're told to leave. And like I said, if I need to kick them out, I'll sit down with them and tell them. You've got to go and this is why. And at that point, they're perspective doesn't matter anymore. Yeah, but we only have to do it twice. You know, it about 10 years. As you know, in this sport, most people that come into this sport don't last very long. You know, I always gas and say one to three years. And you have your, your gym is just powerless. So you've had your turnaround, you know, of guys. Same way as Chad Walker. Same as Chad Walker and some of the other guys who have their own small gyms. What qualities or traits do you think separate the guys that last a year, maybe two, three to the guys that actually last long enough to get to high level. Because I mean, no bullshit aside. I mean, there's some people that are going to get to a high level fast. But this is a sport that takes, it takes a long time to get to the high level. It's not going to happen in a year or two or three. You know, what, what do you see from being around these guys and watching them? Because there's a gym owner you're watching them more than they're watching themselves. What traits do you see are in the guys that stay and make it to a national level to the ones that just only last a year or two? That's actually pretty easy. I've thought about it before. You know, there's some people who are looking for the easy way to do anything. And anything they do if it becomes hard they quit. It doesn't matter if it's powerlifting or a career or job as soon as it gets hard. They find the next thing to do. Those aren't the people that stay obviously. They come in and they realize, especially since we're multi-multiply. They realize that throwing on a suit is not all there is to it or putting on a bit shirt is not all there is to a big bench. And the guys who are looking for the easy way as soon as they figure out that it's not just the gear they leave, they're gone. Because it's hard work. The guys who will stay and you know, I've had some guys that spend with me for a long time, Brian, Clint, Tony. They're the guys who, if they won't something, it doesn't really matter how hard it gets. They're going to do it. It's just going to get done. Hard, easy, it doesn't matter. They're just going to get it done. And that's the trait. They're just hard doesn't matter. Difficult doesn't matter. This is what I'm going to do and they do it. And we do it. You know, we push through difficult times and we push through the months we can't bench because of our elbows or the months that we can't touch a weight because our backs are screwed. We just keep doing it and pushing it. And I, I, I, perseverance, I guess. Maybe it's the trait. The word I'm looking for. You know, some people have it. Some people don't. And the people who don't, they're the people who are there for a few months, maybe a year. Generally, they're there long enough to do one meet. And when they realize you don't total over 2,000 pounds, you're first meet just because you put on a new suit that they leave. They're gone. They have no perseverance. When this competitive chapter of your life is done, what, what are you going to do next? Well, the gyms at my house. You know, so I, I mean, I plan to stick around. I plan to coach. I plan to, um, lift, continue to lift. And some way, you know, I watch your videos. You guys are lifted. And I plan to do that. To, um, to ease my competitive nature shooting. I love the shoot. And that's probably what I'll do to ease whatever competitive nature is still there. And nagging at me. But I plan to stay around the job. I plan to keep my guys together. You know, I plan to as I lose one or two, you know, as you always do. I plan to look for guys to replace someone and keep the, I think you have about 13 guys on a bench night. And I'd like to keep that number of guys and continue to continue to lift. I'll coach those guys. You know, I'll take that role. Help those guys, you know, handle those guys when they're competing. Um, but, you know, I plan to still hit the gym and training. It's, um, it is something I look forward to. Even the days when, you know, I'm not pushing. And even the first week of my cycle when it's raw and, you know, just light and reps. I still look forward to it and enjoy it. And I hope that that continues, you know, a desire to come in and train, even if it's not for the next meet. Have you ever thought about how if, if all your role was was to coach and it didn't matter if you squatted 400, 500 or 900. Have you ever thought about how many more clints and Brian's that you could put out there if that was where your focus really was? Because I know as a competitor. You, you are working and you are helping each other. But when you take that aspect out of it, your eyes become more focused. Well, yeah, um, this past Monday, you know, it was a, it was a heavy bench day at our place. But I wasn't lifting mainly because I wanted to take this week off to, to be ready for today. And, um, I was, um, much better able to see where my guys are at. You know, and really watch what they're doing. How well their trainings go in. You know, I was, I was actually surprised. I've been training with them. The whole cycle. But, you know, I'm sitting there and I'm not lifting. I'm helping, you know, pull and belts and shirts and whatever. Well, surprise at how much more I'd noticed. It was able to observe when I was just not focused on my own lifting. Was able to watch what they were doing. So, I would imagine I'd be a lot more helpful to, you know, several more guys. Hopefully, put out a couple more top guys. How did that make you feel being able to find more? It was good. I like it. No. Okay. This is Dave Tate with Alan Dregors.