Everybody's Steve Colskot for a lead FTS for doing another segment of video inquisitions this time with Master Gradschim owner Eric Mirosher. Eric, just to get things started off, can you tell us how did you get started lifting? I think like probably most of the folks that are watching this video, I started lifting in grade school, about third grade. Remember there was a weight set, those in the garage laying around, you know, the kind of like an out-the-lipy bar with little skinny little bar and there are a couple of plates and little tight collars that kind of you use then that's semi-allon wrench with the titan. And yeah, that's how I started just back in grade school lifting, looking in the car window, the convex car window, so I made you look human, you have even all year about 50 pounds so couldn't wet when you first started lifting. But yeah, that's when I started when I was a little kid in grade school. And finally, Eric, can you tell us if you could go back and redo things, what are some of the things that you might have done differently in your training? That's an interesting question. I don't know if I'd really go back and do anything different with my training. I had pretty good coaching when I was when I started power lifting. But a couple of things I would change or go back and redo is, you know, you first started lifting you're pretty flexible and I would have worked harder to maintain that flexibility over time that's diminished some and it's tougher to get it back than it was than it would be to keep it so I would have, if I could go back and put a little more emphasis on flexibility mobility. And I think the other thing is as you start lifting initially, you're eating to get enough calories in to pay for the workload that you're putting in on the gym and then you start to eat a little bit more because you want to gain muscle and then next thing you do is you want to get in the next way class. So if I could go back and time rather than try to hurry through that process, you know, getting the next way class next to the way class because I see a lot with the younger lifters, I wouldn't really have gone back and changed that and focused on nutrition. Not so much for the next way class but nutrition for the sake of performance enhancement. I think there is a huge void in the realization that what you really take into your body nutrition wise is going to make a giant difference in the platform. So I would, if I could go back and do the two things flexibility mobility and then also just general nutrition just eating more for the outcome and performance than so much a way class gain.