More vlogs, again at DS.com, we're at Showtime Strengths and Performance in New Oklahoma, with all of our next show. And we're going to go over a really quick teaching progression for the athletic position. One thing is coaches in the private sector, high school setting, even the college setting. One thing we can't do is assume that athletes know how to get an 1,5th athletic position. Nowadays, with the centenary lifestyle, it's one of those things that we can't assume that New Joe Kenner and Rungo all back about this about making sure that again, don't assume that they know how to be in that position. So we'll go over just some basic cues that we got. The first is going to be in the sports and even as one thing we don't want to do is talk about the full position. One thing we learn from Ken Dave says, let the athlete stand what's comfortable. You can make it just as much as you get to that when you get into kind of jump training or Olympic lifting order, maybe right now, don't even talk about, but by the feet with, if they ask, we like to say about hip width. So if I draw straight line from the hand straight down, I'll tell you. Try to keep your feet well until the straight and that'll change based on the exercise. But when we talk about that, even, one thing we got from university, Kentucky's making sure that the athlete flexes your balls. Right? We can muscle move like to, and then just relax. And that's the much we men as you want them to have. It's kind of a little bit of a cue just to kind of help because of not. If you say, bend your knees slightly, they always go ahead and just bend it a little bit too like so again. So let's plot relax, that's about how much they want to be. The second cue, talk about this before, and previous videos is getting them to get their scapula retracted and one of the things we talked about, a cue is put your shoulder blades into backpacks. But sometimes the younger athletes say, may not know that. They might have such a cheap 14-spot no bullying. Or they just never hurt that. So one thing we want to do to give them basically a physical cue along with the burrow cue is to go ahead and kind of hands in that punch position. Right? Sometimes you use that for a pie of magic to what not. And so now they have a cue so now what it has is that bring their elbows back, as far as they can, and then bring their elbows down. So what happens is that really happy they say, make it sure that again, their teeth mind isn't a better position, and they get that scapula to basically track it. And repress down in that position. So again, what happens is that when you get your athletes to bring your shoulder blades together, sometimes they're in a struggle. It's not a position we want. So that's going to look good, cue for them. The last thing is that if you want to get them into that tower position, which jump position the lower position, however you want to turn that, the one thing we like to use, something we got from the University of Bello would be just to go ahead and have the hands on the sides. So I went to the cues with the knees, with the soft knees, with the shoulder blades and back back. I could have the hands on the sides. I'm going to go ahead and turn them about three quarterways in time to see. Hands on the thighs, and I'm going to slide my hands, but keep my shoulder blades in my back all the summer hands down my thighs. So I get to my knees and just stay there with my hands on my knees. By pushing my hips back, in fact, if you want to do this week, if you have your cue with them, it's important to put your butt in two, if you have your mouth against the wall. Take it push the hips back into the wall and have it touch that's one way but again. Now I'm in an athletic position, if I'm doing Olympiclifting, if I'm doing kettlebell swings, whatever maybe I can then go ahead and adjust my foot position, but if you have to keep going back that same position, right? So again, if I would go ahead and go my elbows on my back and catch my knee, everything else is totally safe, right? When I go with that cast position, if I'm going to hold a kettlebell double, doesn't matter. Everything should go back to this because again, when you're training the only athlete you have to limit it in a matter of time. If you can use the same cues from all the whole athletic tasks, sometimes I can save you some headaches in the end to make sure you get it. Reinforce those good positions. So try those out. See those key features, cues work for you. If you have anything else, keep thinking helps you. Make sure you get your include those in the comments. Best.