Everybody, Steve Colz got here for EliteFTS.com. We are here once again to Clint Darden, the Lord of the House of Biceps. And we are going to talk a little bit about what Clint doing business-wise. Clint, when did you make the transition to what you are doing now with putting together people's programs? Was it the videos and then the programming or the other way around? Oh man, do you want just like the story that sounds good or do you want like the ESPN Sports Center? I want something to make some people cry at home if that's honestly, honestly, I was saving this story until I was at a learn to train someone or until it was just me Dave one on one. So Dave, you're probably have heard this for me already before this is released on video. So I'll be emotional when I tell Dave this again. You know, I came to the stage three years ago and I went back home and we own a business for autism. And to be honest, I can run the business but I'm not the person who is good with working with the children. My wife is the expert with working with children yet she has no ability to talk to people or to say things in any other way except for directly in your face, which is not ideal when you're trying to sell or market a company. Now I kind of have that American politician attitude. I mean I can sell people stuff, I can look you in the eye and tell you something really really mean but say it in a nice way so that it doesn't hurt and my wife just can't do that. So you know, I really try to step farther and farther away from that business and just be the owner and not be the operator because it is just it is not not my thing and I found that if you don't love something you're probably not going to be good at it. So my wife and I we were at a point December of 2011 we just moved into our new house. We have a lot of bills and to be honest we were starving. My wife and I went probably three months and we might have had some sausage to cook on the fire place. My son never went without milk and ever went without fruit or vegetables. But between me and my wife we were lucky to get one meal of something a day for months at a time and I couldn't get my online business to work. I had a couple of clients here and there but it wasn't enough to put gas in my car or to buy anything more than some bananas once a week. So I had actually contacted Dave because I had no one else to talk to like Dave. This is the situation I'm in. I don't have many people that I trust and Dave is very, very straight and to the point he really pulls no punches. I think there are very few people that can get away with doing that but everyone respects Dave. So that's he just finally set me down through email and he just said, you know, I can't tell me he couldn't tell me what to do business wise because I hadn't really done anything. Unless I could give him some ideas he didn't know what to change or what to do different. His only advice for me and again comes back from powerlifting was to go back and look back at what you did just before you had success or previous time. It's the same way with a squat. It's not just the testing phase where you had a new PR on the squat. You have to look back what you did the six eight weeks three weeks or three months, six months before that that led up to whatever success you just had and he said you have to do the same thing with business. Go back and look at whatever you've done before that's ended up with a success in business and do that. And he said until you know what you've done properly, don't contact me again. So that's tough to swallow when Dave Tate tells you that. So you know, I came back in a couple of days later and I said, you know, the only thing that I can put together that has led to success is it seems like every time I have given everything just for free. You know, when I've gone online when I've just helped people and put as much information out there as possible for free and just give, you know, give, give, give, give somehow business just turns around and he says, we'll do that. He said, I don't know how you do that, but you've got to find a way just to give out tons and tons of free information. And I love talking. I mean, I love talking. I love cameras. I love being on video. I love being in front of people and talking. I love motivating people. So that turned into a YouTube channel that kind of became active. And I just put out two or three videos a day for about three or four months. And then the next thing you know, my business just turned around. And I've had people and people contact me over and over, you know, this is the situation I'm in. Can you help me? I don't think Dave has any idea the kind of impact he had on my life. And we're not hurting for money now. I mean, Cyprus has been through some major financial crisis. And we've lost everything in our accounts twice this year. So whatever we had in savings, whatever every cent that we have had, pay chicks, my wife hasn't been paid now for, before we left, you got paid for December. And it's August now. So I've gone in a year and a half from us starving as a family to being able to support us through my ability to work. And I worked a lot of hours. My clients know that I'm online almost all the time. You know, I get hundreds of hundreds of emails every day from clients. And these are the hours are not fun, but the ability to know that, hey, you know, for one, I can't help people, you know, because I've got some some crazy stories I can tell of, of, you know, client success stories. But at least the ability to be able to work and make money and support myself and to trace all that back to the advice Dave gave me. And now looking back on it, so freaking vague. It's like going to see a psychic. I mean, the advice was so vague, but, you know, immediately back on target, I don't think Dave has an idea of the impact he's had on my life. My wife's life, my son's life. And then obviously everybody that's part of the house of Iceps now. And you've done well over a thousand videos to you know a rough number where you're at now, around 1200, 1400, maybe. We're seeing around there. At what point do you think you found your voice because that the earlier ones are not nearly as good as the ones you do. They're not bad. But the ones you're doing now, it's just it fits. Right. What? You know, when I finished college, I was a, when I finished high school, I was a professional motivational speaker for a long time. So I have no problem being in front of people and talking loud. And I have no problems being goofy and crazy on camera because I really, I don't care. I don't really care what people think about me. You know, I'm going to have fun everywhere I go. So if I'm going to be in front of a camera, I might as well have fun in the process. So I, you know, I think several years ago, I was dealing with the issue of nobody knew me. And you can even, you can see it in my face. You can see it in my training. You can see it in my videos. I wasn't having fun in life two or three years ago. So you know, I've had people always ask me questions about training or food or supplements or anything. And I just, you know, it was just put in the information out there. And I really believe that and people keep asking me, why do I talk about this? Why do I talk about certain taboo subjects? And I think it's because somebody has to. It's some point it can't be jobal 36, you know, telling you about why you should box quite or why you should wear briefs or why you shouldn't or why you or about any supplement or anything that you've seen me talk about. There has to be a face there. You know, you had, there has to be someone you can trust. You know, so I just began making videos, you know, with at least put information out there. And being an American, all of a sudden living overseas, because if you're American, you believe that everyone in Europe has some, some secret recipe that they're not telling the rest of the world. And the crazy thing is when you're in Europe, they believe all the Americans have some sort of secret recipe that they're not sharing with the rest of the world. So you know, being in Europe, I tried to build that gap and put kind of some reality to all the situations that we as athletes go through and all perspective. And then just, you know, the more fun I began having with it, the more fun everybody else began having watching the videos. And, you know, you can really see probably a year and a half ago, I really, you know, I began having a whole lot more fun just in life. You know, I didn't care where I am. I'm going to smile. I'm going to have fun. I'm going to tell jokes on my worst days. You know, I've been in the hospital. And, you know, and I'm sitting here emailing day from the hospital. Last time I was in the hospital, I snuck out outside, because I can get some internet reception and just to email day even a few of my clients. But, you know, I would like to think that my attitude has just been reflected more and more through the videos. And, you know, a positive mental attitude, it does spread. You know, I mean, you see that with a training group every time you come in the gym and you have a bad day. All it takes is one guy, killing himself, having a great day. You know, and everybody else has added to changes. And, you know, I don't want to be around negative people. So, you know, I, to throw my crazy sense of humor out there, which, somehow people still, they don't understand that I'm joking a lot. They still think that I'm being serious in a lot of my videos. But, you know, I'm just going to have fun. And, and if people want to watch and they want to have fun, you know, if they want to set through, you know, one of my Steve Paul Sonella ethics that I make is he likes to call it, you know, the 15-minute videos. And, and they can pick out something good from it and have a lot of fun on the process. Then, I've done my job. Okay. Okay, and our next segment, we're going to talk a little bit about training.