You know, I really don't like it. I don't remember how he got hooked up, actually, initially. But he wanted to have me do a diet form and have me start writing for a lead. I think he might have saw one of my articles for someone else, maybe. We got hooked up, we started doing a diet together and I did the carbs cycling, calorie cycling approach with them. And he responded really well to it. I mean, he maintained a size really well. I think at the end he was still in the mid-2040s. We started off basically with, well, he was pretty heavy to begin with. I don't remember what he was, I mean, he was powerlifter, shape, not bodybuilding shape. So we started out, he just a basic, I think, one-hide a week, three medium, three lows. And we did that for a while. But then he started getting pretty lean pretty quick. And once he got pretty lean, because he's carried so much size. I mean, 245 pounds and pretty much conteshape. You can start doing some pretty fun things. And so we really got to do some interesting things that day. I mean, you know, it's interesting, it's fun to work with all any competitor. So when you get someone, it's, I really enjoy working with the larger male competitors with a lot of muscle mass, because that's when you get to do the pull out of the bags of tricks. And one of the things, and I was actually just talking with Dave earlier today about it, well, we would throw in mega high carb days with him and try to do 1200 grams of carbs, where 600 grams of those came from sugary carbs. So he would do an entire box of foodie pebbles, you know, spread out over two meals, or all kinds of cocoa pebbles, or he would do pop tarts, or basically any really low fat carbs or as they'll he'd get to eat 600 grams of sugar, which is funny, because it sounds, it sounds like all that's amazing. That's great. But it's really, it becomes a job and all over again. You know, you're eating 200 grams of carbs in a meal. That's not when a 100 grams of it comes from rice. So you're eating two cups of white rice and you're chicken before you even get to get to the fun stuff. And then I mean, that's a lot of food volume, but then to eat another 100 grams of carbs. I mean, that's three bowls of cereal all over again. And you know, you don't think about it. We're eating cereal, a bowl of cereal for breakfast, you eat it. That's it. We're eating three bowls of fruity pebbles every couple hours. You know, the roof of your mouth is cut up and bleeding and, you know, the gas is your bloated. You know, there's no way we're going on and I'm in a date with your wife or anything. But we got to do some pretty extreme things with him. We did some really, really low carb days. I high protein, moderate fat. And then intertwine with the extremely high carb days, which was a lot of fun. And I think at the end, I mean, I really wanted him to do a bodybuilding contest. I know he's a power lefter and far left. There's don't like to do bodybuilding contest, but he was in the mid to 40s and he was, he was kind of a study. Are we not, not really. It was just like I said, it was, was the thing is, when you're eating 1200 grams of carbohydrates, you're insulin, your insulin levels are spike all day. At that point, insulin spike, you know, so whether you're in a complex car or sugar recovery, you're eating 1200 grams of it, insulin sky high all day. So all we cared about was avoiding fat. We really didn't even have much protein. I want to say we had maybe 20 or 30 grams of protein for me, which is one scoop of protein shake or, you know, a couple ounces of chicken. It was really just a lot of carbohydrates. And actually, to get 1200 grams of carbs from white rice, even if you love eating healthy, that's if four cups of white rice. I mean, that's huge, bowl every couple hours. That's just tough to do. So I mean, I say, if anyone's listening right now, they're going to think, I want to do a diet with Joseph, I'm going to get to eat two boxes of pretty bubbles a day. You know, part of it was Dave had a lot of muscle mass from all years of training. So he got to do some fun things that not everyone gets to do. I think we threw a few cheap meals in with him too and let him go out and eat four double cheaper, because from McDonald's. But those were, I say he got to do those things. It wasn't like he got to do those things a lot. You know, that was to get to the point where your body can absorb 1200 grams of carbohydrates. You've suffered by that point. By that point, you're pretty darn depleted. You've gone days without enough calories, without enough carbs. To get to the point where that's something that will actually benefit a diet. That means you are very, very depleted and you're drained and you've been a lot of cardio a lot of training in a lot of blow days. And so I mean he earned them, but when you carry the muscle mass Dave does, you get to do those things. We did, he gets unlimited consultation. So I said, you know, you could send 10 emails a day, but the bare minimum I needed from him was a weekly update with weekly pictures and the pictures are the same lighting, same place, same day, same time. So if he took him the first time on a low day morning in the living room, that's what I want every time I want him on a low day and the morning in that living room with the same camera so we can compare him. And the people want to take pictures of themselves looking as good as possible. But I said, don't do that. No good lighting, do what you want to make yourself look as bad as possible actually, because that's when I'm getting the best idea of where you're really at. Because once you are in contact with shape, you look good in any lighting. When you're struggling, you're subfibre, body fat. It doesn't matter where you're standing, you can see that this guy's shredded. So he took his, you know, he started out all hairy and pasty while he, and then, you know, once he started looking good, I think he wanted to look even better. So he, you know, going to the tanning salon and he's all shaved and tan by the end. But, yeah, that's what we wanted it weekly update. He said he's kept all the emails. I want to see him sometimes because he would study, he said he, he, he, he, he, he made pretty often. I remember him bugging me that much, but he said he emailed just about every day. He probably did, but it, you know, I asked him things like, why I'm a cheap man, I want to hire a car today and he said they're, you know, I said, are you too fat still too fat? So that's how, you know, I have a kind of a basic minimum, I say, where I need a minimum update once a week of your hunger levels. I'm, you know, the high medium low days, your appetite, your energy levels and your training intensity levels. And then at least once a week of that with a recap for the week and those photos. But the more you ask, the more frequent updates you give me. If you give me an update every day with your energy levels and all those things, the better I can change the diet. Because sometimes even I might not even wait to pick you. Because if you tell me that, you know, you, you, you came and finished your workout. You can't get your cardio in. You're just so depleted. Then I'll know. Well, rather than do that high-dair and fight, let's throw it in on Wednesday. That actually kind of was because you get to that point, you know, there's, you make really quick progress for weeks and weeks and weeks. But those, you start getting towards contests, shape. It can be, you know, you can go four weeks. But when you don't have much body fat left, it's, you know, dropping from 12% to 10% to 8% to 6% and all makes big changes. But once you get below about 6%, you're not getting much lower. So you might take two more weeks to drop a half of percent of four more weeks to drop a half of percent. And we got to that point where he was near contest shape. And I wanted him to do a contest and he didn't know when he wanted to kind of end the diet. And then finally, it, I mean, it kind of was a struggle because you're struggling with, with, with a kind of state in mind, I know I just need to make sure that everything's dialed in for this state. Without that, you need to know, well, how, how depleted am I going to let him get before I refill him? If I, you know, my refilling him too much, you know, my going to refill him this this day. And then I'm going to find out next week. He wants to be done. Well, then with that refill, they was pointless because we wanted to fill him out for that last week. So eventually, I just, you know, we just decided to, you know, pick a date when you're done. And we'll do kind of, we're going to do a contest. But we'll do, we'll prep, we'll treat it like a peak week, like a final week for the contest and take your photos and things like that. And eventually, it just kind of reached the point where I think he was as lean as he wanted than knew that to get maybe a half percent leaner, we're going to take another month. And there was no point in that. And he was just pretty much bodybuilder contest ready. And so we just finally decided on a final picture day. Great. And I mean, power lifters tend to be, in my experience, power lifters strongman. Anyone who's done that really hard work in the gym, they're mentally tough. It's the same thing with athletes. If you work, the best people to work with are actually wrestlers because you could, you could basically start from the doff and they won't complain until they're on their death bed. Even then, they won't complain until they're wiserly familiar from the hospital. And Dave kind of had that power of hospitality. It's not fun. I don't like eating this way, but I'm doing it for a reason. And you don't get under a thousand pounds squat where you literally, you could die from, if you mess something up in that lift without accepting it. Being mentally tough and accepting this is the way it is. I'm just going to get it done. And that's it. He treated that way. And I'm sure once the diet was over, he went back to eating cheesen crackers. But while he was on the diet, he didn't complain. I mean, that's elbow work and with actual competitive athletes. The hardest people to work with are first time competitors. But once people have worked, they have a history of playing high-level competitive sports or high-level sports and a different kind of fitness avenue power left in your strong man. They're always the easiest to work with. Oh, yeah, great. It's kind of, I mean, he looked like a 245 pound Bible. They looked like a national level competitor. I mean, you go to even the nationals of the USA. There's not that many super heavy weights that are in shape. And he was in shape at 240 pounds. So I mean, I'm assuming it was good response for him and his website. But it was great for me. I mean, really shot my website, my training business end to the next level. I mean, up to that point, I'd worked with a lot of bodybuilders, obviously. But it wasn't. I never got that kind of exposure where, you know, power left there, who's been, you know, over 300 pounds for, you know, much of his adult. I mean, I don't want to say that I don't want to say, I had any kind of role in that or anything. But I think if you look around, if you look at what the average 275 pound 242 pound, 308 pound, or look like in the 1990s compared to what they look like. Now, you know, you can't tell a 242 pound power left or from a bodybuilder anymore. I mean, I think, I don't know if I played any role. And if I did, how much of a role I played, but I mean, I think, if you see what, you know, after Dave made those transformations, you know, almost 10 years ago now, I think the sports really changed. I mean, you can go to, you know, any of the powerlifting experiences, things that the lead does. And you look at the coaches there. And you can't tell the guy in our full wearing red shirts, the guy in the red shirt, the bodybuilder or power left, I mean, they look the same now. I think, you know, Dave showed the how important nutrition can play. And you tell your guy, I mean, I'm sure Dave was just as strong at 245 pounds as he was at 308 pounds. Well, now at 245 pounds, that same 308 strength he can repeat in the 242 pound weight class. You know, and I think that's, you see, it also, if you look at the World Record numbers, how much they shot up in the 222, 225 pound weight class, where you used to be, you know, the 308s and super heavies had the big numbers. You got to 220 and the numbers were respectable, but, you know, now those 242, 222 pound numbers are enormous. They're just as high as the, you know, with the 308s we're attending years ago.