The finish here for this week is pretty much going to be the same as the finish here for every other week and that it has no name so you can call it whatever you want. With this one we're going to have Mason just two sets of overhead presses as a strip set and then the last part of this will be stripping into the rack. The key thing with this finish or pretty much any finisher is to keep the intensity or the load under 40 to 50 percent so I'm going to ask him to use a more controlled tempo than in what he would typically use for overhead press that way we can keep the weight lighter when a finisher movement which is basically just for being done for fun or a pump or for conditioning purposes. You don't want to have to recover from it. It should be something that actually aids in your recovery so by keeping the weight lighter it makes it easier to recover from. So he'll start with ten reps on our standard overhead press. All right, now we're going to strip the dime on this one slower the tempo a little bit because the first time we're a little too easy for what I'm looking for. Then we pull again and what's important on this is to put as much pressure into the rack as possible and strip the paint on the way up. So we're a partner step forward a little more then done. He's going to go on five more and click into it one two three four five bring it down let it pause. Okay now do five more barely strip in the rack but still against the rack go. One two three come on four five good bring it back down again. Now keep your hands on the bar same position pull down on the bars hard as you can. Now go one down again pull down as hard as you can one more down as hard as you can. Guys by flexing the lats on those last three reps he was able to get three more reps and he could pass failure because the lats were fatigued and were activating as they normally would to be able to stabilize by pulling down we can kind of wake those back up to get stabilization and get three more reps more than what he typically would get. That's it. Thank you.