This week's Friday, finished sure is going to be using the rack ropes and it's to work the upper back. Again, we don't have a name for this exercise. So what Mason's going to do is pull it apart, kind of like he would have banned pull apart. The key thing is to keep the ropes. If you want to always hear the sound of the ropes, so that you don't want the ropes to come apart. So if you're using blast straps or some other strap, you don't want it to come apart. You want them crossed. That way it's going to create more tension. And I want a four second e-centric for the first movement that you're doing here. He'll do that to failure. Then we're going to go to a second movement and then a third movement. So just lean back and get the weight, let it come through. So you get a stretch here and then pull. Flex. Use a four second e-centric. Keep more tension here at the top. So it's not a complete relax. Then the ropes again. Too much relax and keep it there. So we're going to end. So there's tension the whole time. Up. Keep the tension there. Down. Tension. One, two, three, four. So again, tension here. What you want to avoid is coming too far. Because then that completely relaxes. You want to keep the tension there. Go back down. And for video sake, you just do this until you go to technical failure. Then from this point, you're going to row with the elbows down here in squeeze. This time, we're going to use a three second e-centric. He's coming up a little bit too high. So stop there to keep the tension there. Good. Real hard just like that. Flex. We form more flex. Then you're going to row elbows out here. Go down. This time you're not going to control the e-centric. It's just going to knock them out to try to get here. So our dunes are trying to pound the upper back throughout the whole range by changing the grip and where the elbow position is. Changing the tempo from the first movement with the four-second e-centric to the second with the three-second. Then the third with just our normal rep cadence until you can't do any more. That's it.