It's an incredible amount of technique that you have to learn in order to be able to survive, and it's basically survival. In my opinion, if you incorporate it some kind of strength training, like powerlifting, for example, and you want to add kettlebells in for your conditioning, and increasing your work capacity. I don't think there's a better combination that you can ever use. We've been involved in the kettlebell sport probably since about 2007. It was something that we kind of get interested in. Just as a fitness aspect to start off with, and as we got more into it, started to train with them a little bit. We all get certified actually as a coach in the beginning, and was exposed to the kettlebell sport. The best tools that you can use as far as I'm concerned for for increase in your work capacity and conditioning and shedding some body fat. We've competed all over the place. Chicago, New York, Columbus at the Arnold's for a couple of years. Michigan, Niagara Falls, all over so. kettlebells are not only just good for the competition, but they're good for rehabilitation as well. When Ken first started with the kettlebells, I was actually injured. I had just over gone a major back surgery. I had rods and bolts associated my back. So after I had to go ahead from the doctor to start weight training again, I started with kettlebells. Very quickly, I became stronger resilience and using sport kettlebell and sport moves. I was quickly able to within six months. I tried my first competition with kettlebells. That was still my back still being in rehabilitation mode. So they were great tool. They were great for your joints. They're great for your ligaments. They're the progress that you make when you put yourself in this environment, the training heavy. I just like it is such an extreme sport. We opened our own club called Martha Merckon, a lot of kettlebell club. We decided to run an event and our event was a five-minute set. We decided to let people try and look to have your weight, but only go for half the time. That was very successful and we actually grew the sport. And now some of the bigger federations are running a five-minute event. So we got we were the first team first couple to actually bring that five-minute set into the kettlebell sport. So we'd proud of that. I teach kettlebells probably six times a week. I have a team. We support compete. We coach. We've got a workshop. Can I do a lot of workshops for charity? So we just love to live and learn pass on. It's what I like what we do.