Skipping lunch is not sacrificing a fucking for your sport. You know, taking a day off work doesn't sacrifice and for your sport. Using your vacation time to go to a meet is not sacrificing for your sport. You'll know when your sacrifice and for your sport because that has never felt my passion slipped away from training. I've been doing this shit since 83. Yeah. I would not be human. If I sat here and told you I was passionate about training every fucking day in my life, you know, it's just, it's not how it works. You know, if people were wired that way, and anybody that tells you any different least foolish shit, you know, but if people were wired that way that they were, they woke up and they were passionate for what they love every single day of the week, every single day of the year, they'll lie in. You know, if that was a case of it, it wouldn't be easy. And the shit's not easy for anybody. So it's, yeah, there's gonna be days where you don't want to train. You know, there's gonna be lifts that you don't like to train. I still hate the fucking deadlift. I hate it when I competed. I hated it. No, that's never gonna change. It doesn't mean that I have to, it doesn't mean that I could get away with not doing the deadlift. You know, I still had to do the deadlift and meet some occasionally in training. But, you know, you're, you're fooling yourself if you think that you're gonna wake up every day and love what you do. You know, that's, that's, that's true with anything, man. That's true with work. That's true with relationships. That's true with anything. Everything takes work. Everything takes hard work. You know, if, if, put it this way, if, you know, if marriage takes hard work, you know, and it's supposed to be a life partner and somebody that you love and will be with for the rest of your life is, look at how hard that is and how much work goes into that. You know, if that takes that much work and you have somebody working on it with you, you know, as a partner, then training is, why would it be any easier? You know, because the weights don't talk back, yeah, I understand that. I mean, that's the greatest thing about it. The weights don't bitch about anything. You know, so that's, that's great. You know, that's a great thing, but they still fuck you up. They'll tear, tear muscles, you'll get injuries. There's gonna be a lot of things that you need to overcome, especially if you're new into the game. There's so many things you need to overcome. If you're gonna be in this sport for long-jewity, for 15, 20 years, things that you have no idea that you're gonna have to overcome that most people don't. And that's why, you know, my estimate is that I've kind of formulated with, you know, intermediate to advanced bodybuilders, more intermediate. The life span for a top intermediate, strength athletes of about three to five years. They're passionate about it. They're passionate about it, while they're doing it. You know, they're most the trolls on the internet. They're most the ones that are calling everybody else out. I mean, it's 100% all they do. It's all they think about. It's all they live. That's what they talk, all that shit. That's why it's all, it's everything that they live for. That's why they, you know, then something happens. They get a new job, they have a kid, they get married. You know, something gets in the way. Then they're not so hardcore anymore, they quit. And not saying that's a bad thing. Everybody's gonna have different chapters in the book. You know, but people need to think about that shit. You know, when they're out there running their mouth, you know, ambition to other people have been doing it for 15, 20 years. You know, trying to act like they know it all. You know, when they've only been really at it for three to five years, and they haven't really been tested, they haven't been injured. They haven't had to really sacrifice shit. You know, skipping lunch is not sacrificing a fucking for your sport. You know, taking a day off work doesn't sacrifice and for your sport. Using your vacation time to go to a meet is not sacrificing for your sport. You'll know when your sacrifice and for your sport because it's gonna hurt. You know, most of the people that are running their mouth and they're talking, they never hurt. They never hurt for their sport. And I'm talking physically hurt. Men only hurt. You know, and physically hurt. And knowing how to work hard. You know, as soon as the lot of these guys need to work hard, they're out. You know, yeah, they have passion. And I've always said passion trumps everything. And it does. When it's real and it's from the heart, you know, when it's from the head, it don't trumps shit. You know, so, yeah, it's work. It's work. And there's gonna be danger, not gonna wanna train. You still need to find a way to train. You know, those are the days you set PRs. You know, there's gonna be other days that you really, really wanna train and you get into the gym and the shit ain't clicking, man. It ain't feeling right. And then you need to back it down. Because you gotta listen to your body and more than you need to listen to your brain. You know, that's the key thing. If you're listening to your brain to try to overcome a lot of this shit and not listen to your body, then you're gonna get hurt. So sometimes your brain will play tricks on you. You won't wanna train, but then you go on the gym and you have a great workout. You know, and you have a great session and it moves you forward. You know, and that's exactly what you needed to do and what you were supposed to do. And what you're actually required to do because that's what makes great lifters great. But the other part that makes great lifters great is when they go on the gym and they feel awesome and they're working out and something doesn't feel right. And then they back it down or do something else or they cut today. So yeah, there's gonna be a day you're not gonna have a passion. But passion isn't supposed to be a full time thing. Passion is an emotional state. Happiness is an emotional state. It's not a full time emotion. Or it's not a full time outlook. If it was, then what would be happening? You know, if passion was a full time thing, then how would you define passion if it was all there all the time?