Hey guys, Matt Goodwin, lead FTS.com, equipment sales. I'm here at the G3 Compatile, I like to call this is my home gym. I'm getting a lot of inquiries right now about home gyms, obviously. So I just kind of want to put together a little kind of synopsis of how this kicked belt. So you know, you can't, it's hard to get everything all once, it's hard to get every movement you want all once, it's hard to buy all that equipment all once. So just to kind of get you guys how I, and I do have how I built this over the last six years. I started basically with the Elite FTS Scholastic Full Rack, A's a dumbbell flat bench, a Texas power bar, and about five hundred pounds of USA Troy plates. So that was kind of where I started. That was the beginning of the gym. It was enough to give me three of my hats and bands that kind of helped me do some different things with some face pulls, try to sit, push downs, got creative with those. And then from there, we kind of grew out. So once a year I get with my wife, she'd give me kind of the allowance of what, you know, she was okay with me spending on this and we built it out piece by piece. So you know, after we got the rack in, started using it a lot, wife came down, she was using it. We got a set of dumbbells. So we went from just five to sixty pounds for us, a month, a dumbbell guy got bad shoulders, came to a whole lot, but great tool, got, you know, a nice set of thinnels for the rack. So that was the second major purchase for us. After that, we kind of got going out of few specialty bars, added some more sputting, cable attachments, added to sputting, try set low-rope, kind of a try set pulley, awesome piece. And then from there, I was like, well, I just need to glue them more. So getting all the lower back pain is a constant in my life. So I decided to go with a fortified degree back raise. That was the second major purchase that I had. And what I did was I came up with the G3, I made a combination of the Proline and the Scholastic line. I wanted something right there in the middle. I wanted it in a long-gated pad so I could do a modified blue to handbraze and I wanted a split pad to kind of save the boys. So we came up with G3, you know, this thing has been, but awesome. We do tons of movements on this thing. Absolutely fantastic. Great tool. Definitely have no remorse by now piece. So that was like the second major, like equipment piece that we got. So from there, we just kind of added some things like boxes, box jobs, that kind of stuff. We got the adjustable box jump box, which is another great tool. That did some more chains stuff like that. And then just recently, we went ahead and we added the Scholastic, lat pulled down low-rocombo, plate loaded with the connector beam. The reason I wanted the character beam is we are doing a ton of blast strap movements, my wife and I. And they did great. We were looking amongst the front of the rack, kind of constantly have to do them, take them on, take them off. So I wanted that cross being to be able to hang those blast straps. So that way they could just stay on there. We can use them throughout the course of our workout. So that worked out really well. The plate loaded, lat pulled low-roes, awesome. I mean, it's a great price, you can't beat it. It's plate loaded. The character is a little bit heavier than normal. So you put a 25 on there, it definitely feels like a pride 55. But it's a good piece. We're able to do a ton of different things on that. We're doing tri-sips, abs, lap pull-downs, low-roes, pull-throughs. It just goes on and on and on with one plate loaded piece. So we kind of got to this point where we're right now. Beforeing, basically I got all either second hand or I got it through a tractor supply or your local farming fleet. They sell the horse-style mats, they're four foot by six foot, three corner range, they're perfect. It's a good start. I mean, one day I would love to have this all floor-out, maybe a row of turf down here. But that's going to be down the road and if I'm still alive and kicking. But just want to put this together for you guys to let you know you don't have to do it all once. Get creative, get bands, get blast straps, get all kinds of little utensils that you can use to help you get the movements done that you want to do without buying tons of machines, tons of pieces of equipment. You can do this in a very reasonable budget. You don't have to go out there and break the bank or take out the second mortgage on your home to get a whole gym. So if you have any questions, contact us, 888-85-4880-06, you can reach me directly. And goodwin, that'll lead FTS.net. Nate Harvey's available to answer any questions for you. You can find him on Facebook's Instagram, Twitter. I'm on all three as well. So if you have any questions, hit us up. Time is now. We'll be happy to help you out. Thanks. I can't run the mud. Does that on my hands? Strow like a tree? This will trust in. Oh, I've been running from the lull.