One that has been coming in a lot lately has been regarding the train your ASSOP series. We've been getting people asking how they can be a part of that. And Dave, I was wondering if you could just kind of explain what that series is and how it came to be and how to get involved. Okay. The train your ASSOP series is something that I came up with. I don't know. I'm going to do that in December. November? Well, we talked about it years ago. Yeah. I went ahead and I do those. But the first one was in, I want to say November. Yeah, it was some Novemberish. It was something that we've been talking about for a while, but I didn't know how to implement it because to bring in a small group of people and just basically bust their ass. You know, in train them becomes harder to do than what people will think. Because what if you bring in somebody that's not going to assign shape of everybody else and then you kill them or they have a stroke or something like that or take the worst case scenario away that you have to modify everything that you're doing for the other three people to be able to suit this one person which now makes the experience less for the other three people. And the goal of this was to teach whatever the main lift is, which what we did the last time was a squat. It's thoroughly, thoroughly as we can and then have them work up to see if there's physical weak points as well. And then after that, going to the accessories and then teach them what really, really hard training is because people will say, I just use RPE because people can relate to that. People think that they're training an RPE or an effort of eight. All right, let me really take them to a ten. And then they'll see that their eight is a five, you know, which from the standpoint of just one session, it's probably counterproductive as far as the progress they're going to make. Because nobody should train that hard, you know, all the time. But from the context of them being able to go back and say, look, my four or my six has to be a six. It was a four. And then that changes the whole training entirely. So the goal was to teach a lift and then to bust their ass. And I couldn't figure out how to make it happen. So I made some post on Instagram in regards to wanting to have, you know, several people out to be able to do this. Then I had, you know, a decent response rate. And then from the responses that I had, I sent everybody a health history and a questionnaire to be able to go to a vet out, you know, what people could be sorted with each other. And was able to get three groups out of that. And there were a handful of people that didn't fit into any of those groups. So, you know, unfortunately for them, there was no way to do that. Because it's hard to take a beginner and throw them with advanced and be able to have the same experience. Now, if I would have had five beginners, I could have been able to do that. But it went and have been the same experience either because of beginners showing me training that hard. But that's a whole experience to be able to show them as well. Here's where you should be training as far as that level on the volume should be training that. So when we do another one, I'm going to do it the same way that I did this one. I will get back on Instagram some point in time. It's been three, I don't know how long three, four weeks. I've had other things to do Instagram's not my first priority in life. Sorry. But I will get back on there because it was a very efficient way. At least for this I'd have to get back on there because it was a very efficient way to be able to that people out because they would DM me. And then I could tell pretty quick just if I'm going through their own Instagram if where they are, you know, from that standpoint. And that's how it's going to happen because I can't just put this on the website is a seminar or something like that. And then just blindly have people sign up for it because I'm not going to be able to group them accordingly. And there's not going to be, you know, this large number of people that are interested in it to be able to have that many. So anybody who is interested in it, they want to follow me on Instagram, which is that under the bar. And I'm not posting right now, but that's where I'll do it. I'll make a feed post on there for weeks or whatever before I'm going to do this. And I'll put in the post when we're going to do it. But then you'll DM me through that. I'll reply back, send a health history, then kind of go from there. But that's the only way I know how to do it at this point in time without hurting what the experience really is. And I've been running from the law, hope they won't shoot me down slow. They sing honestly this night. Try to catch me all in that some more.