Could you both go into more depth on what you did for tendon strength? It's been mentioned on the podcast before that you did push down sets of 100 plus with bands to keep triceps from tearing. You and Go First, Aver. I guess I can go first. I really didn't worry a whole lot about my tendons until one actually popped up. Then I started to become really concerned about it. Essentially, there's I guess three ways that I know that helped with my tendons strength. One was ultra ultra high repetitions, trying to use the least amount of muscle force as I possibly could. So a high rep reverse band press, like Jam was talking about for that he used as a strength builder. If I zeroed out that bar and did that, just did the regular bench press to where the bars essentially zero. So the band can actually pull me through the full range. But then did 100 repetitions with that. The first time I would try that my triceps would start burning at 60 reps, which meant I was contracting too much. I was contracting too hard. The muscle was doing too much work. The blood flow wasn't going to get to the tendons as much as what I wanted it to. So I would have to focus on only pushing with a couple pounds that are necessary to move the bar to get the repetitions to 100. That's a little more complicated, but that's what worked the best for my pectendons. For elbows, the tricep banded push downs worked because you're essentially taking the eccentric away as long as you're not resisting. And you can push those up to 150, 200, and recover the next day. Have no soreness at all. If they're sore, and it's you did it wrong. Ultra high repetitions are one way. The other way would be isometrics done for short pulses, say 3 to 5 second pulses with no weight. So with that, you have to still cover the full range of motion. I'm speaking powerlifting. So for me, the bench press was the most problematic. So I would have to hit three different spots to be able to cover plus or minus 10 degrees. Each one for just 5 second. We're not talking a lot of time here. Just 5 seconds. 5 seconds is a long time to be asked. But it's a gradual increase though. You can grab your, because I don't want to jump on my elbows. Some people will smash. Oh, you mean, I understand what you say. So it's a slow build up. So maybe like one to the isometric. Yes. So maybe one second is real. And that might be once every couple of weeks. Because that's a lot harder to recover from than what people think it is. Then the third way is super heavy loads. And that's a nature part of training for the meat. So being a conjugate person, I had the super heavy loads with different exercises every single week, which were helping to develop bone density and the tension. And I was able, and the tendons, but I was able to recover from it because the movement was changing every single week. Now it can be debated if there was any type of dynamic correspondence from those lifts to the lifts that were actually done on the platform. That's where different training methodologies and philosophies come in. But that's also very, very hard to recover from. So what I'm trying to say is I used all three in different ways. And then would pull back the more riskier ones. The closer the meat came. Because the closer the meat came, it's not that I became more paranoid. It's the risk increases even more because the time is, it's like high in the movie high noon. It's like the time is getting near. Do I really need to be doing this isometric work right now when I can just do banded push down. You know, so bone they get pulled out. And but I did do all three different variations because I didn't want to ever adapt completely to one. And these aren't things that I wanted to use progressive overload on because that's going to require for the banded push down to heavier band. It's going to be really hard to not have that contraction that I'm trying to avoid. Because a tendon is really hard to get blood into. Very, very hard. So those are the only ways. And even the single wraps aren't really putting blood in the tension. It's just building this stability around the joint to be able to keep all the structure from allowing that tendon to actually blow up. And managing weight, I guess that's another one. You don't want to gain too much weight too fast the last week before it meet. Because now all of a sudden you're in all your muscles or you know the glycogen is just blowing the muscle apart and then when you go to flex, that's even more torque. Which changes the angle. Yeah, changes the angle that you're. So there is going to be some variance. That's the nature of the beast. That's the nature of the sport. But you don't have to put on 25 pounds two days before the meet. I'll let you go with. Well, I, I, I'm going to end up with the first saying you mentioned. We're trying to get load to the tendon without the muscle. So I'll come back to that last. I'll just say heavy loads. Absolutely build. Tentage tract. So it, if I was what's called wolf's law of bone, but, but, uh, bone is a connected tissue. So, and, and connected tissues are a cartilage and all type 3 and 4 cartilage. 3 and 4 cartilage and fibers in the ligaments and tendon. So load them up, you know, but load them up safely. Yeah, if they're getting hot, they're getting inflamed. You're doing too much. If you've ever had something called a Golgi tendon reflex, you'll know it because you, you begin to take a weight up and you literally cannot control it. It just, the muscles just shut off and the weight falls. It's not like you, you feel it go. It just, you think you're going to make it. You're on your fourth rep or something and you've been, you've been overtrained in these, these months. What happens is there's a little, uh, they called a Golgi tendon organ and it's connected to a nerve which is connected to your spinal cord which does not go up your brain. It's a reflex. It goes to the cord and back to the muscle. So it's, it's in, it's in the tendon but it goes back to the muscle and it's there as a protective mechanism so that if there's too much, uh, tension, it measures tension. There's too much, and the muscle spindles do this too but this is the tendon we're talking about. So if there's too much tension on the tendon and it, it, it senses a distortion. It'll send this nurse impulse to your spinal cord which comes back to your muscles which are causing the tension and tells them cut it out and it shuts them down. You can't keep trying because you're already sending the signal to contract. Well, it subverts that and it cuts in and they just drop. So if you've ever felt that where you, you didn't get tired or you didn't, it just quit on you and you don't know, it couldn't even explain it. That was the Golgi tendon and you're in danger of rupturing it because it's been inflamed. You've kept training and now there's too much load on there and it thinks maybe it's going to, so it's trying to save you and if it doesn't flex fast enough, you can tear it. A common exercise, this is to kind of help people see what you're talking about is a close grip bench press for reps is a pretty good example of what you're talking about. If you just be trucking away and then bam, done. But this is a little different thing for the team. Yeah, yeah, this isn't a bill. What is the same stopping except now if you haven't had it, it's a shock. You're moving fine and then the bar falls. You go soft. Okay. You don't just get tired and you're on out like hit a wall. It's not hit a wall type of stop. It's I'm going to boom. It just fell on me and you're shocked because you were sending a signal and every time you send a signal you get some contraction will not this time because you're not sending a signal. The goal of you tend to know or it can go to the spinal cord and comes back to it. A muscle and says no and it falls. It drops and it's dangerous in itself because you got weight but it doesn't want to rip that tender. So it's sort of a protective mechanism and there's another one with the muscle spindle. So if you're in that position where you're getting your tendons lit up by the loads, it's time to back off and you can't build them anymore. You have to just let them catch up. But if you can, so loading them heavy loads, the best way to build tendons strength, period, there's nothing better. Then secondly you said isometric which is a great way to build tendons strength. Because you have a huge amount of tension on the tendon and it responds to tension. I was going to say that about Wolf's Law. Wolf's Law of Bones is wherever the more tension there is, the bone will thicken up or the cartilage will thicken up or the ligament will thicken up. It responds to tension. So if you put more tension on something it will thicken up if it's a bone, if it's a ligament, if it's a tendon. So it responds to that tension. So you can create huge tension with no weight by just flexing ice and matricly. So that's an outstanding way. But that doesn't address your first point, which was how do we load the tendon but not the muscle? Well it's actually impossible. But how about this? Let's think this through. See what you think. I did an exercise that I adapted from a high rep exercise that when I don't know if you remember this but when the Swiss balls made their way to west side, George and Kenny and Lou were doing these dumbbell presses on them. Do you remember that? Oh yeah. Downs in them off the bottom and getting these high reps but they would do a hold, a static hold and ice and metric. So I adapted that in this way. I got on the ball and I fatigued the muscles with high repetitions. Then I let all of the slack. I let the stretch happen as deeply as I can on my pectin and so when we're talking about the tendon we're talking about this one. And so I let that just stretch and I would hold it there for two minutes, three minutes, five minutes. After being in a position for five minutes guess what happens. The muscles exhausted. It relaxes. It can't hold it. And if you keep it there it's pretty much shifted over to the tendon. So now you get that time of tension not on the muscle because it's exhausted and it stretch and you already put it in a stretch position. And I thought that I don't have any signs behind that but I thought that was a good way to you had to fatigue it first. Yeah, it's a loaded stretch. But then you under fatigue. Then you can relax the muscle and it's pretty safe. I will say this though. It's a couple times the break of flex has got lit up from the stretch. Yeah, we're using 150 pound dumbbells. I'm sure you're using great dumbbells.