It's going on guys, Jordan here with EliteFDS.com. What we're going to do is go over a tricep accessory move that helps reinstate proper shoulder function. Going through the bench press, we're always retracted and depressed. There's conflicting fields of thought on whether or not we should be in the overhead plane and we're trying to be as specific as possible to get the most out of our bench press. So training the tricep and what we'll call a fully length and position in the overhead might have very little to do with actually strengthening the tricep because it doesn't have the specific carry over due to its position to the actual bench press itself. The benefit of training the overhead position is reintegrating that movement of the scapula that's lost in the bench and also being able to clear for any potential issues at the elbow or shoulder in this very advanced range of motion, usually to the turn of 90 degrees outside of the plane that we usually work within the bench. Now the carry over isn't directly from building strength. It's more so the benefit of this exercise is begin to keeping at bay potential dysfunction causing pain at the elbow as we come down from the overhead into the plane at the bench press. So a lot of guys do that have issues with overhead tricep extensions so what they do is they move down the line and they go to more neutral shoulder positions rather than actually fixing the underlying issue at the shoulder. So keeping exercise is in the overhead plane whether it's overhead press, whether it's tricep extensions, whether it's even like high cable bicep curls, keeping that shoulder mobile is going to help give us a functional buffer which will allow us to keep that bay and allow us to start to perceive potential dysfunction that could creep into the plane of the bench press. You know, elbow pain and power lifting is a very common melody that can be mitigated going into a prep by making cerebral choice is based around our supplemental and accessory movement. So this particular variation we're going to use a dumbbell in the full overhead position. Now I want you to think about the shoulder blade. I want you to rotate that shoulder blade, punch to the ceiling with the serratus, trying to get the elbow and shoulder in a straight line. As we lower this dumbbell down we're going to think about driving that elbow to the ceiling, creating as much stability in that shoulder blade as we can. Find that fully lengthened position. Stay there under that challenge. Keep this in a straight line as we drive up and extend. So this isn't really taxing our tricep until we're in that fully lengthened position. As we lower to find that fully lengthened position we're going to take that shoulder blade and we're really going to elevate and rotate it, activating that serratus that gets deprioritized when we execute a movement like the bench press because our rhomboid is going to take the wheel and it turns off the action of the serratus. So it has very little to do necessarily with building mass or strength, coarse bond and strength to the triceps as it pertains to the bench press, but being able to reinstate that shoulder function and integrate tricep action in that overhead position will better help us long-term. We'll be able to keep our elbows in shoulder healthy. So again, more cerebral choices based around our supplemental and accessory movements are going to see as well as we go into a meat prep and have to be more hyperspecific in our sort of competition lift.