I said I've had a couple lifters tell me my upper back is weak but I've never told me what I need to do to bring it up so I can support bigger squats and benches. Okay, week wear. I mean that's a big factor. Like weak coming out of the hole on the squat, weak in the top part of the squat, you know, those, those things matter with this but I'll just give a general answer with that as far as the upper back work if that falls off it's one of the easiest areas to be able to bring up quick. So if it falls off the first thing that I'll have people do is to do something for their upper back every time they walk in the gym and that's usually going to be face balls, band pull apart just going to be part of their warm up and we part of what they're going to do at the end of their training session so they'll do a choice. So the warm up probably isn't going to be very heavy and it's probably not going to be in tats, you know. So say band pull apart or something like that with a mini band force that's a 20 to being into the training session. That kind of the reason I like to do that to begin into the training session is it serves as a warm up for one thing and it also covers the base of somebody who's got a bolt early so at least something was done to be able to address it. If it gets thrown in at the back of the training session then it could be face balls with a cable and sometimes a strap going heavier in the 8 to 10, 8 to 12 rep range and trying to increase the load every single time that you do the movement. So and I would still do it four days a week so at the end of every training session. That would be the light aspect. So that takes care of that. From the heavy aspect I would put in SS Yoke bar either low box quads with a with a close stance which is going to force the upper back to do more work from either as a max effort exercise or if it's not a conjugate program is a heavy three to five rep supplemental exercise two of the four weeks in the month where you're really going to push it hard which is going to take care of the heavy strength aspect because it's going to be in the three to five rep range or potentially a single you know if it's max effort work. The other aspect I like to cover with that is the static aspect or the issue to say isometric aspect you know however you visually want to see what I'm talking about and that's the ability to just hold the upper back tight for a longer period of time because a lot of times the upper back strength is there but the strength endurance isn't there. So from that standpoint it can be you know a band pull part and the contracted position and holding that for 15 count 10 15 second count you know 1000 1,000 2 and just holding that position and flexing as hard as you possibly can it can be you know and what I'll do is I'll hook the bands up to a rack or something like that and have the person put their basically hold their back and arms in a squat position just holding one band in each hand and then tighten the lats the upper back and all that is hard as they possibly can for 15 count and then rest and do it to a three set that takes care of the static aspect. So you're taking care of the you know the high rep low rep statics you're taking care all aspects of that over a period of four weeks typically in three to four weeks that's that weakness sticking point whatever you want to call it is going to go away and then it's going to be back to the spinal tractors and the lower back for the lower extremities being the weak point.