I don't have a set warm up. I have about 15 different things I do. And now that's what I'm focusing on for the next NOME meet. So I get to train every day. And then I do yoga in the morning. And just not killing myself and doing all this. I don't need much of a warm up anymore. Because of the yoga. And plus I try to walk a lot every day. Here comes my son. Oh boy. Anyway, what's your warm up? What's up? Go ahead. Now I was going to say you talked about your warm up a little. I know a lot of people ask about this all the time. And it's something I've changed and modified and had a million different ones. And I'm sure we've probably done, we've forgotten. I've actually, you know, most people kind of even know about warm ups. Rollins, what's your, you seem like you've whittled your down years down. I know I have roads. What do you ever? I do a band stretch. There's a hamstring. I don't know what you call it. I do a hamstring. Laying on my back. I put my leg out to the side to kind of get the groin and a hamstring. I throw my leg over to get the glute and the hamstring. I, you know, cross my foot over my bent leg to stretch my glute. Both legs really far back and kind of pump yourself. I can't do that anymore. But I totally would. I need to go for a harder. Yes, exactly. P and F stretching. Very important. It takes me probably three or four minutes. I'm going to power right through this. I duck under her. I don't remember. And I touch my back. I don't know for the leg back. Powered right through it. Yeah, totally. But it's just, not actually the biggest thing. It's like, why is that a good sweat going? I'm just thinking about it. Why do you look guilty, Rhodes? Because I like it so much. Yes, that's why I had to take it. Is that why you had to take it to AR15 away? Yes. It was all brown. I felt bad to I said. I hate to. I hate to. I hate to. You use like an easy, easy warm up. This is one of my many. You ready? I'll take a very light kettlebell like 35 pounds. I do 10 goblet squats. Five reps of the dumbbell. When you call that thing, honey? Better bottoms up press. Okay. With each arm, then I'll do five snatches per arm. Then go back to the squat back to the kettlebell. Back to the snatches. Just keep on going. Do you do about five or ten of each one? And you're good to go. Hands, raise your warm up. Your hips are warmed up. Your shoulders are warmed up. Your backs warmed up. And you don't even have to move. I mean, you know, in a big space anyway. I think I've had a good consistent one for last month. And that's with everything feeling so great. So I'm just, I do 15 back raises by the way, Jim. Still the best piece of equipment. I was never so jealous as the day I saw you get that in your gym. I was there for the, and the good one. What was that like the professional line? Yeah. Yeah. I saw I bought, yeah. I got the exact same one. So I do 15 back raises. And I have to do that as the first thing I do with my warm up. I do bear crawl forwards and backwards. It's in my basement. So it's probably like, you know, 30, 40 feet. Then, then side to side, 15 push-ups and 15 squats. And I'm sweating. I feel good. Everything seems like it's moved. And I'm not doing anything move. That intricate and my training where I need to be warm warmed up or a little bit longer than that. And it's covered all the bases really well. And it's really simple and I don't get bored of it. And it doesn't take too long. I think one of the biggest problems that I just would start adding more, more crap to my warm up. Oh, I need to be doing these. I need to, oh, my doing my vampire pull a pile of crap. my band full of parts correctly. Oh, I got to do it. And it just again, it's just, it's more information, the more information, I went a while while I was really screwed up, not even looking at some media because it was, it was just influencing too much of my, my training, everything about my training, everything about my conditioning, my mobility. And it did so much harm. And I don't know as much as YouTube. I mean, you've both been coaches, I've just, my knowledge comes from what I've read and what I've experienced a lot of anecdotal and just trial and error. I even get sucked into that garbage. So I can't imagine what it's like for people who don't have, you know, the years under the bar or the knowledge or, you know, it's brutal out there. It's just way too much. It's keep it simple stupid. Yeah, I think the big thing with, it's kind of like we talked about what training earlier, it's the economical with it. The best form up is one that you'll do. So if it's, if you got 15 different things to do, I'm not going to do that. I will do what I'm doing right now. And I've been doing it for like three or four months. Is it great? No, but I do it. It's consistent. It kind of tackles the areas that I need a little bit of work on. It doesn't have to be elaborate. Just if you'll do it and you feel better doing it, you feel like you're ready to lift, then it's good. Well, I see the best workout you do is the one you're going to do. The best workout for you is that you, so like you can follow. What's it? It's the best workout you can do is the one you could follow. It's like a diet. The best diet you could do is the one you could actually follow. There's one good diet. There's no one good training program. I mean, except for five three one. With the diet, what does it say compliance is the science? Magically, when you stick to something, it works. And work. And work. And work.