Mark Watts, lead at the S.O.C. I'm here at the Spot Athletics and Columbus, Ohio with owner, J.L. Holdsworth, Joe. Appreciate you having us here. You're going into year two. You got your one-year anniversary at this new facility. You've been in business now for four years. Talk about some of the lessons you learned over that course of time. As far as being a business owner and owning a training facility. Yeah, so our old facility was about 3000 square feet. This new facility is almost 8,000 square feet. Much bigger, much nicer. We were inside of another larger sports complex. It's just so being able to control the culture, the environment, everything that's going on, everybody in and out. It's been huge for us. You know, I wouldn't take back where I started, but after being a stand alone, like we are now, I definitely would never go back. For us, one of the biggest things is our culture. That's number one. So who we are. So for us as a training facility, we don't allow people to come in without coaching. They have every person who walks in the door. We know everybody's name. They're working with a coach and some capacity. It's really allowed us to create that family environment. And as we've grown in this bigger location, we've been able to maintain that by adding great coaches and just having an amazing staff. Talk about when you get your getting more and more clients in. And those clients are very diverse. You got anyone from, you know, the school age athletes to the older adults. Talk to me a little bit about when you get a new client in here. Which is the process look like to get them acclimated to your training environment? So I think the biggest thing, I mean, like you said, you're older, you know, you're 72 year olds. So there's the big difference. Pro athletes, you know, all in the mix there. So for us, the first thing is really letting them understand our culture. I think for us, we're not for everybody. We don't pretend to be for everybody. So, you know, most people walk in here and they have one or two reactions. This isn't for me or I think I would love this. And so, you know, it's funny we've had some people come in and that adult population, especially in the females who are like, oh, I just want to get cardio. And I don't really want to lift weights. And, you know, we kind of love that's not really who we are. And after we talked to them about our culture and everything, it's funny because those same people a month later, like, oh my god, you got, like, this is the best thing I've ever done. And thank you so much for making me understand how much strength is important. And so, I would say whether it's the athletes, the adults, really the parents of the athletes, the biggest thing for us to do right away is getting them to understand our culture and to really buy into our culture and understand that if they become part of that, then they will get amazing results and make amazing improvements. That makes sense. Talk a little bit more about the culture you talked about, you know, having coaches and again, knowing personally those coaches and the job they do here. But there's a longer process for it. You give you a bring-up in, you have a system with the internship program, which is really very very comprehensive the way it's modeled in that transition into, you know, being a coach here. Talk about that mentorship for those young people. What are you looking for? If you're hiring a coach, what are the biggest components that you're looking for for those folks, people that succeed? Well, I think, you know, it is a long process. It starts with, you know, some interviews and things, some questions, you know, through email. Then we do an in-person interview. And then I think the most critical part is the part where they come in and they have to lift with the staff. You know, we have our staff training time every day, you know, depending on everybody's, what they're training for, that changes a little, but there's certain days, you know, where everybody's in here and everybody's training hard in those of the days when we invite the people in. And the most important part of that is kind of what we talked about with the clients. It's the culture. You know, one of my big questions I always ask everybody is, you know, what do you need to learn? And I wait and if they don't say eliteFTS.com, I say, well, if you ever heard of eliteFTS.com, if they say no, I'm automatically like this person isn't going to fit because if they're in our industry and they don't read that and they don't understand that, they're just not going to understand who we are and what our culture is. So, for us, it's really all the coaches here. They hang out when they're not here. I mean, we're here, you know, 12, 14 hours a day together, coaching, lifting, training with each other. And then, you know, on Friday night, a lot of the coaches who go out together or, you know, on Saturday, hey, what are you guys doing? And that's, it's that family environment. So when we bring someone else in, whether it's just an intern or whether, like, we bring someone in as a, who has a lot of experience, so we have our professional internship for coaches who have more than three years experience. No matter who we bring in, we have to know through that process that we've created that they're going to positively impact and uphold our culture. Because if they don't, then that, that to us, I mean, that's the most important thing. And we turn people away, client who, you know, we start going through an assessment process. And, you know, they're either fighting us or arguing with us or just not being like who we feel are good people. And if they are, then we just tell them, you're not a good fit for us. And, you know, I'm a big, that one bad apple spoils the bunch. I've seen it happen before on teams. You have one, one to factor, and all of the sudden, you know, you got 20 angry people. So I don't want everyone want that in my facility, so, you know, we, we tightly hold onto that culture. And then that's through, you know, making sure that the coaches will be bringing in that same culture. Well, Jell, we appreciate you taking a time to talk with. So if you're in a Columbus area, you need to check out the spot, you're online on social media. Instagram and the tweeters and the Facebooks. Appreciate your time, Jell. Thanks. Alright. Thanks. Alright.