So it's deadlift and secondary bench today. I am going to be working up to two sets of three at 665 a mat there right now and following that I am going to do one double at a range between 675 and 695. The reason I am doing the lighter sets first is just to ensure quality work and I am going to be doing hook grip on these two sets. Maybe just one of them just depending on how my thumbs hold up and then I am going to be switching to mix grip because my biggest issue when it comes to deadlifting is grip. My strength is up there but my grip strength is not. I have pulled in the eights with straps. I have only pulled 750 without them. So my biggest issue is just figuring out what I can do to preserve my hand health and preserve my grip strength throughout competition. Following those three sets I am going to be doing pulls off of blocks. I am going to be doing it working up to a heavy double. Basically just to get that maximum level strength stimulus but not going all the way to the floor so not completely taxing my lower back and earlier in this week I hit a I hit three heavy singles with 160 pounds of chains. The total weight was at 935 pounds or about that at the top. So I am already pretty fatigued today that was only one day ago today's Thursday that was on Tuesday but so I am just going to be focusing on quality reps today working on grip as that is my biggest issue. I think I am going to do a hook grip for this one too because my thumb is holding up pretty good. It is always my right thumb. It wants to tear. It has got a little bit going on but I think it will be good. It is just like once that tears I am fucked so I just try to avoid it tearing. I am honestly considering once I get to the competition if it would be better if I hit my opener mix grip and then went like to what I needed on my second hook grip. This is on conventional but I know some people that have done it and it is work and then other people have tried stuff like that and it has been a disaster so it is just kind of like I don't know. I am just trying to figure it out because I just need to fucking get my deadlift better. Yeah, it is just hook grip never stops hurting you just kind of deal with it but now I am going to go because those are moving good. Now I am going to go I think I am going to go 6.95 and hit that for a double. I am just pumped because that felt solid. My grip felt good. I hold it for a second at the end there. There is no tears. It is a good day of deadlift because I did not drop shit and I actually felt strong so I will count that as a win. But 6.95 for a double is decent and it was not grinding or anything and that is my biggest thing with deadlifts. I do not need to fucking strain. I do not need to kill myself on my pole strength. Generally there because of how strong my back is from the heavy good mornings that I do and because of how strong my quads are because of all the squats that I do. I do not really need to test my deadlift strength in the gym. I have never felt like I need to. It is just a matter of holding on to the bar. I was able to hold on to the bar right there. Those 3 sets at with hook grip with no tears on my thumbs. So that is a good day. Now I am just going to move on to those block pulls. I am going to throw straps on for this because I do not have any reason to push this further. I will just do supplementary grip work at the end after my bench stuff. But it was solid. I am really glad how my grip has been going and I have been actually and I can talk about this later or whatever but I have been doing individual finger training. Like I literally just take a tennis ball. One of my buddies named Zach Zaxaners told me about this technique. Take a tennis ball and squeezing with your pinky finger and doing like 100 reps a day and squeezing with your ring finger. Doing 100 reps a day just training those individual fingers because you think about it. If I asked anyone of you guys to move your pinky finger or ring finger independent to the other one, you really can't. You want to close the entire fist. But you want the neurological connection to actually be able to tension every individual finger because as soon as you start to lose one and you always lose the pinky first, that's just how your grip fatigues. Once that goes, it just unrolls out of your hand. So if you can get this locked in, everything else will stay locked too. So that's fucking evidence. It does at least something. So we will see how I am cool with it. And then if they slip, that happens. I'll just come back and hit that for another double. I wish there was a way that I could literally just hook my hands to the bar and not have to deal with it because these, like that's the biggest thing and you'll find that with people that use straps or use any type of grip implement, you add that in and it takes away from being able to produce force into the ground because it's like another thing that they sort of like lose contact. But it's like, it's, I don't want to say it's like the lesser of two evils but it's like if you want to get the work in, you need to be able to hold on to the bar. But to be able to hold on to the bar, sometimes you have to use this shit and then it just kind of fucks up everything else but it's just what would you rather do? I don't know. And then I, and then I consider like using the straps but then I don't want to like split my fucking hands or anything like that because then it'll fuck the rest of my training up. I did lift it, we got the dead lifts but I did two sets of three at 665 and followed by one set of two at 695. So those were all, they were all solid, they all felt really good, my grip felt locked in for all of them which is pretty much my biggest issue and I used hook grip for all the sets which I have been switching between mixed grip or hook grip and mixed grip just based on what is holding because if my hook grip tears I don't want to keep pushing it because then it'll just put me back further and further but grip has always been my biggest thing I've dealt with and that was a solid day of being able to hold on to the bar so I'm pretty damn happy with it and then I went to a 765 for a double on low blocks like two inch, two inch elevation probably and hit that didn't feel as good as I wanted it to but I mean what do I expect? Like I hit that first set and the strap started slipping so I just stopped on that second grip, went back and hit it for another one and it was slow but I'm not really that tore up about it just because straps always throw me off a little bit and I hit three singles at like in the 900 pound range on squats earlier this week so I'm not too upset and I'm not too surprised that it felt pretty heavy but yeah it was a good training session I still got some to go I have I think four working sets on pin press that I'm going to get to after this and I'm happy with it I'm cautiously optimistic about my deadlift going into boss bosses which I am six weeks out from right now I think maybe even five I don't know it's coming up but that's August 31st so we'll see what happens squatting nine's bench in the midfives hopefully get closer to the eight's on deadlift but we'll see I want to take a run at one of the world one of the all time world records but I look at 220 and Sam Bird has it at a 915 right now and I'm like I could fucking take that but the problem would be getting down to that weight class and I could it's just I'm not really a big fan of cutting I haven't had haven't had the most nice recent experience with it so I then look at 2402 and Edward has the top one and then Matt Mitchell and then Dan Stewart yeah so all three of those squats were high they were dog shit but nobody wants to say that I told Matt I was going to knock his name off of it I look at those and the number one squat spot is 936 and I've hit I hit that in the cage on the on the transformer bar so I'm just kind of like if I actually let myself get up to like 250 to 2505 and then skip a meal do a little bit of a water cut and make 2402 I could fucking smash it and hit like hit some stupid and actually dunk it and actually make it a real squat as opposed to like these fucking half squat knee bend bullshit things and then my ego starts talking to me so then I'm like fuck it I'll go 2402 and I'll make you motherfuckers feel bad plus that's what Yuri has going and he's going to be at boss of bosses and I want to rematch with him even if he fucking trimes his me I don't know we care I love competing against the guy because he's amazing so yeah that's where we're at