I'm a lead up to you. It's Ken and Sherry Wedem from EliteFTS.com. We're here today at the S4 compound and we're going to do a couple of demonstrations. We've been training with Ken and Wells for a while, but a lot of people don't really know some of the exercises that are available to do. Sherry does when she teaches her classes, is that she part of what she does is she gets into doing some compounds and chains, which compounds are basically a series of exercises, one exercise for so many reps, then right into another exercise for set of five reps, and then another exercise. What we're going to do is Sherry is going to do is to start off with a set of compounds. We're just going to do three just for demonstrations, but she's going to do three one arm strings on the one side. Then she's going to go into a high pole for three, and then she's going to go into a clean. And this is all full body workout as well too, as well in its great person metabolic conditioning. Then she's going to go into a press, and then she's going to go into a front squat. Okay, and then she's going to do a snatch to finish it off on the one side, set for three. And she's just only doing three for demonstration purposes, but she would go in her classes anywhere from, and she's going to switch sides and do that, and just a repeating end too. So she's going to start off with swing, but she would do this anywhere from five, seven, to ten reps for everybody in her class, and it's a great full body workout. So she's going to do in her high poles back into the clean. And she's going to go up into an overhead press. Three, then we're going to go into a front squat. And then we're going to go into a snatch, finish it off. So she's basically doing six exercises, and for this portion it's three reps per side. So she's doing 18 reps per side. So 36 reps basically for that short segment. So you can get a lot of training volume in, and it basically does everything for your, like, everything for as far as conditioning work capacity endurance, and as well as as strength improvement as well too. What she's going to do on this side is that we're going to do the same thing, which is going to use doubles this time, and just show you what it's going to be the same movement. So this time she's going to be using double kettlebells. So double swings. Double high poles, and working with double kettlebells is awesome. Okay, and then double cleans. Double press. Great. Then double front squat. And double snatch. Nice. And she's going to get quite a workout twice the work basically with double kettlebells. And it's going to take your people of your teaching or you're working it out yourself. It's going to really fry you pretty quick, right? So that's the demonstration for doubles for compounds. And what I'm going to get her to do one more is they're going to get her to do, because I'm going to beat her up before she goes up. So we're going to do chains. And so, or she's going to do the doubles. Okay, that's great. So a chain is basically is it is going to be the same exercises, but it'll be one after the other. So she's going to start out with her double swing. And then double high pole double clean, then double press, double front squat, and double snatch. And the same thing. And then you can do that. You can start it off. She's going to do it. You can do that for same thing. You can do it for sets of five or seven or ten, twelve. And it's a great metabolic conditioning tool as well as a full body workout. So this is just a few of the things that we can just touch on, that as far as you want, improve your fitness and strength. And you know, I challenge anybody to give it a try. It's great exercise. For sure. Awesome. Good job. Thank you.