Chalking up is awesome, isn't it? All right, that's live and man, you chalk up and you go to a bar, that's when shit gets real. All right, your adrenaline's running, you have passion, you love it, you're looking at possibly breaking a PR, getting better. All right. To me, that's what you want to strive for in life. You want to strive for getting your hands in the chalk box and moving forward. You can spend all your life in the warm-up room talking about things and trying. But to me, that's not living. Living's chalk in your hands, getting ready and taking that step from the box to the bar. Because that's that one step. So a few people take. Because that step is an easy and with that step comes risk. You go to lift a heavy weight to or one, I'm sorry, one of three things are going to happen. You're going to make it, you're going to miss it or you're going to get hurt. Two or three are not good. But one is awesome. That's why you want to strive for the chalk box. Get the hell out of the warm-up room, find something that empowers you, like that chalk box, to be able to move forward with your career, relationship, family, business, whatever it is. Because that's where life happens. If you're too afraid to dig in, chalk up, that's fine. That's your choice. That's the majority of society. I'd like to empower you to be better. Learn, learning is extremely important in all levels. And trust me, I have the worst educational past, not the worst. There's people who didn't graduate and people who've lunged out and everything else. Mine's not so great. And I don't want to go into details about it, but it took me way too long to graduate from college. I barely got out of high school. We'll just leave it at that. One question that I'm asking routinely is, is a college degree worth it if you want to be a personal trainer or a strength coach? And I just was presented that question the other day when Mark brought out some interns. I might own answer to that, but what I usually ask back is, well, what do you think? Nine out of ten times, eight out of ten times, I'm told, actually, no. I don't use anything that I learned in college, now that I'm coaching or working in this profession. And I agree for the most part that's probably true. Then I'll ask the next question, what we're in a seminar or a lecture or reading a book or listening to somebody speak, does that bullshit detector ever come on? You know what I'm talking about? What are you speaking? And all of a sudden, you think, what is that? Bing, you think maybe that might relate back to anatomy, physiology, biomarkinit, all those courses that you learn through college, you may not know why that sounds like complete utter bullshit. But something inside you is telling you that's bullshit. So the follow-up question to that would be, do you think you would still have that same bullshit detector right out of high school? Think about that for a second. Now with this, I don't want to talk about like student loans and the cost of college, just a whole different issue. But things just think about that, ponder that, especially the people who are still in school. And this is one of the reasons why I motivate and try to empower people to continue with that education. Because we are in an industry that very well could be the biggest industry of bullshit in the world. I can't think of very many others outside of that, that, that, through a better job than we do. You know, of false claims, BS, and all those type of things. That's close. That's close, but they're much better lectures than I am. And they can hide it better. But I will flip that back out. We're in the fitness profession. If you were in political science or a history with that bullshit detector come on faster when you're listening to politics. Because we already know with politicians, actually we know this for a dead fact, most of the people who vote have to include what the hell they're voting on. They have no bullshit detector. You think they might if they were more educated. The reason I chose the image of a squat for this is education can come from many facets. When you're the guy under the bar, you're the one that's got to hold the load. Ultimately, you're the one in your life who's responsible. You're responsible for your education, you're responsible for your success. You're, I don't care what excuses you throw out. You give me any excuse in the world. Give me a couple of minutes. Let me search Google. I will find somebody who had to overcome far more shit than you did and is better than you. So excuses are meaningless. We all know that as coaches, trainers, we know. So don't use them because they don't work. First off, nobody cares. Secondly, all you're trying to do is to justify your own inadequacies. You should embrace them and try to make them better. With the squat, and I am a power lifter by trade, I can't compete anymore. But it's like you want your meat head, your stuck in meat head for your rest of your life, and you do stupid shit forever. Eric, remember that? It's ingrained. It doesn't go away. And I don't know why. I try. It doesn't go away. When you compete, you have a head judge. Side judges, spotters, and a backspotter. The judges, I see in this scenario of education as being your advisors, people in your life who help to advise the direction and the path that you're going. Even our lectures, college, any education that comes from a formal type of setting, books, lectures, degrees, those are the judges. They impact if you're going to make that lift or not. They set the base on how it's going to be judged. And if you don't think your judge based upon what your education is, think for a minute, when you submit your resume, what are people looking at? So you are judged based upon your education. If you're not judged by that, you're going to be judged by what comes out of your mouth. If what comes out of your mouth sounds like somebody who's a stupid idiot, well then obviously, you're going to be a stupid idiot. So education is going to determine how you are judged. Spotters, right-side's family, left-side's friends. Family and friends are influential in your education as well. Birds of a feather flock together at that whole kind of thing. How many times have I read on God's Facebook? I try not to read the newsfeed. I'm sorry, I'm not going to get it happens. How many times do you read things like, or articles about the justification of America? Men are now weak. Men don't have balls. Dodd-odd-odd-odd. I read it and I think, well, who the hell are you associated with? Because everybody I know they're striving to get better. They train hard and they have balls. So if you're complaining about this, you want maybe you want to look at who you're hanging around with. You see where the problem could be? Do you want to contribute to the problem or do you want to make it better? If it's coming from NewsClet, watch in the shit, watch Bugs Bunny. Watch something that's going to be a positive influence instead of a negative. I don't think the push of a occasion of America is going on. I see a lot of people here right now today trying to make themselves better. That's what I see. That's the positions I try to put myself in. I don't want to be part of that problem. Let's be the solution and try to help it. The back squatter. The squatter. I didn't work. I trained legs earlier so my brain's not working quite right. The back, spotter. Let's just say that's faith. I don't care what your faith is, what your beliefs are, what it is. To a certain degree, everybody has to have some type of self-belief or faith that no matter what happens. If you get knocked back, there's going to be a way that you're going to come back. They'll always be a way to come back up. There's always going to be a way to get back up when you get knocked down, to get back up when you push back, to get back up when you stumble. There's always going to be somebody back there. Your belief, faith, whatever it is, to help you. You have to have that belief, faith, that no matter how hard you get hit or what happens and this isn't going to be like a rocky thing. I trust you. You can move forward because with age comes wisdom only if you learn from where you screwed up and how you got yourself in the situation in the first place. My advice is as I've gotten older, you go through more shit. I think that just kind of comes with life. You can't try to take a path to avoid that. That's a path of avoiding getting on the platform and getting under the bar. That's avoiding the path of actually making the lift, having success. You will miss without a doubt. You will miss. You will screw up. You will make mistakes. You will have people sticking knife in your back. You'll have people screw you over. You're going to, we've all been through it. We've all, our life. We're no longer that innocent child. Innocence gets stripped away real quick. That's not bad. That's growth. When you can learn to take shit and turn it into gold, that's education. That's learning. Lastly, you're the guy under the bar to come back to the beginning. You're responsible for how much you want to load it. How much you want to try to push yourself. How far out of your comfort zone you want to be able to go to become better, to develop better athletes, to develop better clients. That's continual education and learning. That does not stop when you graduate. It's constant. It has to be across several platforms. As I said before, I've learned a lot from my experience as a power lifter that I've been able to take over into business. A road of book on it. At the same time, now after being in business for 15 years, I could write a book on what I've learned about business that can transfer over to training. Key point here. You get outside your realm of your education. There are definitely lessons you can learn and bring back to make you better at what you do. That's going to make you a better individual, a better trainer, a better coach. You're going to have a unique philosophy. Nobody else has. The interns that came out the other day, one of them at the table was a history major. Are you here? No. No. Okay. If he goes into the strength and conditioning realm, his perspective is going to be completely different than somebody who's only studied exercise science. He's going to be able to fall back and create things that may have never been seen before, but are unique that will become his own training philosophy because of that. When I had to start learning about business, which I didn't want to really do, you don't have a choice when you step out and start a business because at that time you've become an entrepreneur. Your technical days are kind of over. When I had to step out and start learning that, I didn't want to learn it, but after time I began to build up a passion for wanting to learn it, how to develop and how to move forward. And at the same time as with training, the more you learn and any trade and any genre, the more you realize you don't know. The best coaches I know and the best people I know in this industry will tell you they're astounded by the amount of information they don't know because you start studying down one course or you start tracking down one course and then bam, you're like whoa, your brain starts to hurt because you're not just fell into a whole domain, you didn't even know affected the athlete, the trainer or your own training. For example, do you know your body doesn't know the difference between a training stress and emotional stress? Does that take into consideration when you're doing your programming? Does that take into consideration when you're doing your own training? Do you back volume and workload if you're going through fighting with your spouse or whatever it is? Are you continue to try to press hard because you know, screw her, I'm going to train hard.