I told Luley one time I said, hey, I went to, just so you know I went from 903 to 1,082 squat. And you said you were a full shit. And yeah, well, so what he said was, and I told him kind of how I did it. I said, here's how I did. I did box squats. I kind of used a version of your circa max stuff that you laid out in the past. And I kind of created my own version of it. But I did it with my straps. I did it with briefs on and my suit and the straps up. And he was always against like the straps up. And you certainly wouldn't ever wear a squat suit and squat to a box. Was that on a box with straps up? Yeah, I was squat on to a box. And he was like, well, he's like, that's the wrong way to do it. I said, Luley, I'm going to tell you again, I went from a 903 pounds squat to a 1,082 squat, you know. And I was doing similar stuff in the bench shirt and stuff too. I wear the bench shirt and have bands on there and change on there and stuff. But I think that somewhere along the lines, he knew what he knew, right? And then sometimes you maybe start to get kind of closed off to like new ideas or concepts. And so maybe he just didn't want to hear it. He didn't want to try his own stuff out. Yeah. And it could be. And Huck and we don't hear more about that. Is it because it's Westside and people don't want to, you know, badmouth it or whatever you want to. I think there's a couple of reasons is Luley, Luley knows the shit. I've spoken to maybe a thousand string coaches, you know, and a lot of really reputable ones. There's very few that I would put in the same. I would say Luley's fucking genius when it comes to this stuff. He figured shit out that people just don't think about. I think with that comes a level of arrogance is a bad. It's what I want to say, but it's not the word I want to say. Where I would not expect him to be anything different to where if you're a master of certain kung-fu discipline, okay? Then you're the master of that discipline. You're going to think all other discipline suck and that this is the only discipline that's really the best. You should think that if you're the master of that discipline, where if you're Ken Lysner with hit training, there's nothing better than hit training. And if you're learning from these people, you should understand the bias is strong. It's really strong. So just know it for what it is and don't fault the person for that because it's taken 50, 60 years for that to be developed. If you're looking at that as an outsider looking in, you can see faults in that because you see that there's more than one way. If you talk to Luley, there's one way. That's it. There's one way and everything else is wrong. And his way is the right way. There's other people to say that too. Ken Lysner would have been one and others. And that's they should. They should believe in that that heart. So if you're going to be the master of your own discipline, then be the master of that discipline. But my view on it is understand those disciplines and cherry pick from everything. It'd be the master of none except the person that you're trying to help in front of you. Okay. And you won't be known for specific methodology. You see what I'm saying? So I can't fault him for that because that would be the same as faulting the master of any discipline and with genius comes arrogance and should. I'm not a genius. So I have to work with what I have. You know, and the only thing that the I want is the best for the person that I'm working with. Now, the genius is going to think give me that person and I'll make them better and could they. Maybe probably, you know, that's the argument of anybody that wants to criticize what Lui does and their trainer as well. Here's the deal. Trade athletes. So you take one of his multi-play guys into your gym and get them ready for meat better than he can. And he'll take one of your sprinters or whoever it is. Give it to him. Let him get them ready for the next meat. And let's see who comes out on top. You know, what's that multi-play going to do with six months training with this guy, vice for who's going to have the greater results? I know the answer. Right? So that has to be understood. So it's a complicated answer that I'm providing, but it's the only way I know how to prove. This route's a stand. Oh, I've been running from the law.