What was the catalyst because you said that, you know, like myself for a long time, you didn't think that you could learn. There was something that was a catalyst to where you realized you could. What was that? It was you? It was me. It was you? How was that me? A lot of the house I do with you. Going to your seminars, you know? You know, my wife, my wife got in a communication with you somehow. I forget how. But I think, so I forget how this all worked out. But anyway, we ended up with some tapes, some of your old tapes. I think they're cassette tapes or VHS tapes rather. And I watched a lot of those videos and I started to learn and absorb some of that. But then like for my birthday or something, she got me a seminar to go to Westside Barbell. I went to Westside Barbell, the old place with the where they tried were Louis tried to paint the front window black, but it turned purple because it's something like we can't figure it out. So you're like, why is this badass place? I have a purple window in it. And you know, one day was in a classroom and another day was at Westside Barbell. I kind of squat. You taught us a lot of the methods. And I was confused by even a lot of the Westside stuff because Louis, his message is great. He has a lot of amazing information. And I don't really think he's that confusing. But he says different stuff all the time. But it's because he's getting asked different questions. And he probably has different beliefs at different times. Pen on what year you ask him. He might say 35% in one article and you know, like our 50% in the amount of how many times he said different percentages and stuff. So I was like, and I can't make any sense of any of this. But when you started writing and when I read the periodization Bible part one and part two and when I was, I mean, these are like, I haven't read a lot of stuff. So you got to think periodization Bible part one and part two is a lot of reading for me because I have out of all the pages of stuff I've ever read that probably represents like 80% of anything I've ever read because I have not read a lot of stuff in my life. So a lot of it has to do with you and a lot of it has to do with going to that seminar where I started like piecing stuff together. And when you started explaining the conjugate system. It was maybe like the matrix, you know, where the guys like, oh, I get it and then he wanted to learn you just to anyone learn all these other things and it was like implanted into his brain. Everything made sense to me bodybuilding made sense to me. Strong man made sense to me. All the power left to see in the past all that stuff made sense to me. It was like, it really opened up my eyes and I was like, holy shit. And then from there I became completely obsessed with it. Probably like yourself like it didn't matter if I was taking a shit or watching TV. It didn't matter where I was or what I was doing. I was thinking about a squat or thinking about how to get better on the bench or thinking about how to get better on the deadlift. And even just like something is like as funny as getting up off the toilet, I didn't do that slowly either. You know, boom yeah you fucking explode. Yeah, you go with you rehearse at all because you want to practice it all the time. So I just can't become, you know, Louis Simmons like obviously he was a huge like idol of mine role model to me and mentors to me in a lot of ways. But seeing your stuff may be have a much better understanding of it all and it made me completely obsessed with it all. People wonder why I do this. So it's your fucking phone. It's not a good thing. It's not bad thing. No, it's bad. No, it's not bad. I can't stop thinking about it. It's not going back to what we talked about. It's been amazing. You know, if you can help somebody else and they go and help thousands of people. Does it really matter? You know, if you how much money you make, because thousands of other people that are helped because you help one person. You don't I didn't I didn't I don't fucking know this. I didn't know this. You know, so. Fucker don't do this to me. But that's why I do what I do. That's why I've always done what I do because it's not what I can do. It's what the people that you help can do. Then there's people that you've helped that are going to go on. Do bigger things than you do. And then and on and on and on and on and on. So that's where my crumpy old man is because that's where it comes from because what the fuck happens to us all if that stops. You know, that's fucked up. You know, it can't. So I keep being crumpy. I'll keep pitching. You know, because I don't ever want that to stop because this shit that we do, you know, that's so stupid. This weightlifting stuff that our parents told us with the fuck you doing this for this stuff. Man, it changes people. It changes their lives. It changes other people's lives. It just crazy things. The otherwise wouldn't have happened, you know, for people. Maybe you're fighting something else. Maybe not. But you did it isn't. You know, and this is what I know. You know what I'm saying. And when it's all you know, you're fucking roll with it. And you figure out how you can roll with it the best way you can. Well, it makes you feel good and it's really empowering to know that you know something. You know, somebody asked that's what built up a lot of confidence in me. Obviously, my own lifting and a lot of that stuff was huge too. But when somebody would ask me something and I would say something, I would like hear myself and I'm like, that was actually, I think that was actually a pretty good answer. I think I'm actually like picking up some of the makes you feel amazing. And then you actually see it work. That blows your mind or you say something to somebody. And then, you know, four weeks later, they come back to you and like, hey, dude, remember I asked you that deadlift question and the gym and you're like, yeah, like my back doesn't hurt it all anymore. And I'm like, I don't even remember even what I said. Yeah. You know what the hell did I say? You know, and that becomes really empowering. Then other people ask you stuff. And then now you think you're like, that you think that you know something, which is, which can be healthy. It can also be, it can also be dangerous because you have a lot more to do. Yeah, you know, that's where, you know, I think Louis was on to something when he's teaching us, you know, not to lift but to coach, because then you coach, then you can help other people coach and then, you know, just like a snowball, you know, just because building a building. I can't bring them up. Does that on my hands? Strow like a tree. There's roots where I stand. Oh, I've been running from the law.